









nyc foot surgeon | ues bunion surgery, corn removal | dr. stuart mogul






























 





 skip to main content












about 

blogmedia
2nd opinionsfoot conditionsphoto gallerypatient resourcesinsurancecontact 




(212) 769-0066 contact







trust your feet to the doctor  that broadway dancers trust!
the safest, shortest, and least painful bunion surgery recovery in nyc


request a consultation call (212) 769-0066






bunion surgery


hammertoe surgery


cosmetic foot surgery


view all procedures









nyc top-rated foot surgeon
the average american walks approximately two miles a day, not counting exercise. over the course of a lifetime, you can expect to walk over 110,000 miles. taking that into consideration, healthy feet are not an option – they are a necessity. stuart j. mogul, dpm, fac fas, diplomate of the american board of foot and ankle surgery and fellow with the american college of foot and ankle surgeons, can help you get back on your feet fast when you have a foot or ankle injury.
just about everyone can expect to experience pain in the foot or ankle at some point in life. most of these situations will resolve on their own. some need medical attention, and when that is the case, seek out the best. with over 16,000 successful foot surgeries to his credit, dr. mogul is new york city’s most sought-after foot surgeon to perform minimally invasive bunion removal.
meet dr. mogul
































schedule a
consultation







offering a solution to your foot problem
your feet and ankles can develop a variety of problems over time, especially if you are an athlete or highly active. even your footwear can cause problems that result in pain and/or injury. in fact, the feet and ankles are among the most frequently injured parts of the body.
stability of the feet and ankles is vital to your mobility. when you have a sprain or fracture, getting immediate care and following through with treatment is critical for proper healing. fast, accurate diagnosis of your foot or ankle problem is essential. a call to dr. mogul to schedule an appointment is the first step in the healing process.
when you have pain in your ankle or foot due to an injury or some other circumstance, you want to be sure to get the best care available. with over 25 years of experience and his expertise in foot surgery, contacting dr. mogul is a wise choice. most insurance is accepted. a doctor’s referral is not necessary for a consultation, second opinion or treatment.
our office






“perfect feet”
dr. mogul’s book
order on amazon now






patient testimonials




  

  

  



fabulous person and doctor. very professional manner, skilled, knowledgeable and personable... what more can you ask for in your doctor?! her performed my surgery and i was confident then as i am now through my recovery. 
- samantha w.


second surgery with dr mogul. once in 2013 and one now (bunion surgery on different feet). great doctor, friendly staff, personally checks in on you after surgery. highly recommend. hoping my right foot is as pain free as my left one was.
- priya p.


dr. mogul is amazing. i was suffering from bunion pain for a few years, and now i am pain free. what an incredible difference it has made to the quality of my life! the surgery was stress free and his skilled and super nice office staff took care of all the details!
- lisa l.



see all testimonials





all reviews





samantha w.fabulous person and doctor. very professional manner, skilled, knowledgeable and personable... what more can you ask for in your doctor?! her performed my surgery and i was confident then as i am now through my recovery. priya p.second surgery with dr mogul. once in 2013 and one now (bunion surgery on different feet). great doctor, friendly staff, personally checks in on you after surgery. highly recommend. hoping my right foot is as pain free as my left one was.lisa l.dr. mogul is amazing. i was suffering from bunion pain for a few years, and now i am pain free. what an incredible difference it has made to the quality of my life! the surgery was stress free and his skilled and super nice office staff took care of all the details! 

				 
			







before & after
photos
visit gallery




before



after







on our blog







flat feet and sports

february 4, 2025
flat feet, also known as fallen arches, is a common condition where the arches of the foot are not fully developed, causing the entire foot to make contactread more








could i have foot fractures and not know it?

january 3, 2025
foot fractures can be elusive, often escaping immediate detection. many individuals may not realize they have a fracture until significant complications arise or symptoms become unbearable. understanding theread more








foot conditions that can cause heel pain

december 30, 2024
heel pain is a common issue that can significantly impact mobility and quality of life. at the practice of stuart j. mogul, dpm, facfas in nyc, we specializeread more


 
 





1111 park avenue suite 1bnew york, ny 10128 
monday - friday 8:30 am – 6:00 pm
  
request a consultation call (212) 769-0066



skip navigation

accessibility policyprivacy policysitemap 

© 2025 all rights reserved.






insurance benefits

×



take a step towards pain-free feet today!
discover how you can correct bunions, hammer toes, and other foot deformities with little to no cost to you.
your health insurance may cover all or part of the expenses.
don't let foot pain hold you back any longer
schedule your consultation now
and walk towards a healthier, happier you! 


 










 




















