




gis day | november 19, 2025





























































































gis day
november 19, 2025
start planning for next year and explore resources from 2024.





get updates about gis day


















a message from jack dangermond























                mapping minds, shaping the world

the 2024 theme highlighted how geographic information system (gis) technology has changed the way we understand, navigate, and shape our world. together, human creativity and technology help us discover hidden trends, spur sustainable growth, and make smarter decisions.









host an event


				get involved by hosting an event at your organization, school, or in your community.







celebrate your work


				share what you do and why you love your work.







engage with your community


				make connections and build a strong, local group of gis professionals and map enthusiasts.







                                get updates about gis day
                            







































get free resources to support your event
use these free resources to spark ideas for gis day 2024 lessons and activities.












				what is gis? 

discover the many facets of gis and access videos that demonstrate how it is being used worldwide.




						learn about gis













				get started with gis

find suggestions for activities by age, download promotional materials, and get implementation training.




						explore books and training













				2023 gis day recordings 

access video content from past gis day celebrations and discover event highlights.




						access past event recordings













				explore the virtual map gallery 

maps are powerful storytelling tools. explore this stunning collection of maps from a wide array of users and organizations.




						go to the gallery








previous
next


show more 





explore more resources
                        













celebrate 25 years of gis day 
gis day is dedicated to sharing, teaching, and inspiring others with gis. esri president and cofounder jack dangermond credits activist ralph nader as the person who inspired the first formal gis day in 1999.




learn about the history of gis













explore worldwide gis day 2024 events





































get updates about gis day

sign up
                    






find resources for your event

explore resources
                    








connect with the gis community







































opens in new window










