







welcome to express models - the home of model railways


































tel: 01509 829 008
email:  express.models@ntlworld.com 











 

 



menu 

 




homeabout uscataloguecontact usnewsbasket


 





featured product
easy workshop led lighting available in white, warm white & yellow




featured product
self adhesive led lighting strips for the illuminating houses etc.




featured product
double buffer stop lights for the passenger  station terminus.

















specially commissioned station lamps made for a model of cromer station. 
















dcc and analogue coach lighting units for a large range of coaches 
















more examples of illuminated workshops, one being visited by our van. 









 



 



interior signal box lighting




 
digital lighting for bachmann & hornby class 08 diesels


 
led lighting for model offices, shops, workshops etc.





lighting kits for digital and analogue fitted diesel locomotives


 


 





 welcome to express models  


express models is a family run business 
catering for the model enthusiast looking for that little something different for their model railway.
we specialise in making electronic components that bring life to any model railway 
from flashing blues n' twos to disappearing bunny rabbits.
please feel free to visit our new facebook page by clicking 'links' below and then 'facebook page link'. 
all major credit cards are accepted.
or if you have an enquiry that this website cannot help you with please feel free to contact us either by telephone, royal mail or by email 


 

 



 




terms and conditionsprivacy policy







web design by widagroup



 
    we use cookies   we use cookies on our website. some of them are essential for the operation of the site, while others help us to improve this site and the user experience (tracking cookies). you can decide for yourself whether you want to allow cookies or not. please note that if you reject them, you may not be able to use all the functionalities of the site.   ok decline  more information      

