







slava's snowshow – timeless, theatrical, poetic…
















































 














 













        




        



future tours
about
story
snow symphony
who is slava
fool’s log
toybox














  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpf3n_np5l8
 


 






  





snowshow is a universal and timeless theatrical poetic spectacle which has unanimously enchanted and empowered the imagination of audiences and critics since 1993 in tens of countries, hundreds of cities with multiple thousands of performances resulting in millions of ecstatic spectators from all nationalities, gender, beliefs, types and ages, probably like no other show. it is a genre of its own and remains as spontaneous and magical as the first day, systematically catapulting all adults back in childhood.





a little more...






  
 


 
 


 












watch the trailer:



















  
 


 
 


 



 “ in a sense, i have been working on this show forever, collecting bit by bit until it became a whole, in order to express myself fully. many things in the show come from childhood memories, like the image of snow, for example and many others are pure invention in a style of clowning that i had never seen before. slava polunin “ the happier you are yourself, the happier your audience is. i gather only happy people in my team. that is my secret. slava polunin “ only genuine fools – naïve, enraptured dreamers – can devote their lives to a celebration that is their gift to themselves and to others. slava polunin



  





slava’s  theatre is known to grow out of the fabric of dreams and fairy tales. over the years, he has developed and mastered a tragic, metaphysical art of clowning by digging deep into tragicomedy to understand to what extent drama can be combined with laughter in a most captivating way.






  











 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 












  






snowshow wandering around the worldfollow the ship of fools







     
 


 
 


 



 “ slava’s snowshow is to clowning what cirque du soleil is to the circus… slava’s snowshow is as theatrical as it is simple, as involving as it is inspiring. variety “ utterly breathtaking, the stage effects are dazzling… suddenly the audience is young, innocent, and transported with delight. daily mail “ overwhelming, invigorating, terrifying, delightful. it brings us back to the lost eden of our childhood. financial times




  






all awards






  
 


 





about slava
“slava polunin may well be the world’s greatest clown. he may even be the world’s greatest magician”
– variety weekly
 know more


































global managementslava’s snowshow international management by gwenaël allan of gaap bookings ltd (www.thegaap.com)
secret door
 


important stufffuture tours




fascinating linkscreative lab at the moulin jaune
international academy of fools
slava’s new circus (ru)
ship of fools (ru)








© 2025 slava's snowshow. site created by slava and team 



   








 


future tours
about
story
snow symphony
who is slava
fool’s log
toybox



 




 









































