




salmon flies | sea trout flies | needle tube flies by grays of kilsyth






















visit our
					


					online fly shop

salmon flies, sea trout 
					flies and needle tube flies from grays of kilsyth in scotland
salmon flies ● 
					trout flies ● sea trout flies
					● needle tubes
					● needle tube flies
					● spinheads 
					get your 
					free copy of "sea trout nights" with an order of £100 or 
					more in our online shop





























the new
												

												grays tube fly adaptor 
												is now available in our online 
												shop supplied with 25 
												assorted 
												needle tubes  
 
												£19.99











































































												jquery slider













now available online




















































online shop












popular fly selections
























spey shrimp tube 
							flies
sea trout needle tubes
wee monkeys
scottish shrimps
minitubes
trout loch flies






trout and salmon flies


grays of kilsyth offer trout flies,
				

salmon flies 
				and  sea trout flies
online. we 
					specialise in a unique range of sea-trout and salmon needle 
				tube flies and a range of fine stainless steel needle 
				tubes for fly tying, also a selection of spinheads. the spinheads and needle tubes are hand 
				made in scotland by grays of kilsyth. salmon flies, salmon 
				needle tube flies and sea trout needle tube flies are dressed to 
				our specification on our own needle tubes by fulling mill, while our traditional trout and sea trout flies are 
				provided by an old and well established scottish firm, 
	who have supplied quality trout and salmon flies to the scottish fishing 
	tackle trade since 1880. 
				all needle tubes, trout flies, sea trout flies and salmon flies are available online.

























salmon needle tube flies


read 
					comments from our customers


needle tubes 





international success for new 
												needle tubes




								developed and made in scotland by grays of 
					kilsyth, using very fine stainless steel tubing, the type 
					used in the manufacture of hypodermic needles, 
grays needle 
					tubes are the finest plastic lined metal tubes available for 
					fly tying, allowing the fly tier to create 

									ultra slim steelhead, sea trout and salmon 
					tube flies of only 1.5 mm diameter, in lengths from 10mm to 
					40 mm.








salmon fly dressed on a needle 
							tube


grays stainless steel needle tubes are heavier than 
					plastic or aluminium tubes but lighter than brass or copper, 
					and ideal for tying sea trout, salmon and steelhead tube 
					flies, like the simply dressed flies illustrated. since 
					their introduction at the start of the 2008 fishing season, 
					tube flies dressed on our needle tubes have accounted for 
					some 
					notable catches of salmon, sea trout and steelhead. 
					

quick product links



needle tubes and tube flies




1.5mm needle tubes


wee monkeys




1.8mm needle tubes


minitubes





							grays tube fly adaptor


blackbacks




scottish shrimp tubes


sea trout tubes




spey shrimp tubes


extension tubing



doubles and singles etc.




classic salmon 

doubles


sea trout flies




trout dry flies


trout flies





							mixed trout flies


spinheads



							 

							 






our 
needle 
					tubes and boxed selections of 
salmon flies,
					
trout flies,
					
sea trout flies 
					and 
sea trout tube flies 
					are available in our online fly shop.all online 
	payments are processed by the trusted worldpay payment system, the 
	safest way to shop on the internet. you can be 
	sure that your personal and credit card details will remain strictly 
	confidential and secure. we normally dispatch all orders within 24 hours of receipt of 
					your order, by 
	first class post within the uk (which often means next day delivery for 
					orders placed early in the day) and by airmail to international destinations.



salmon flies
we offer a range of salmon fly 
				selections, 
				available online with free worldwide shipping, including six 
					unique sets of 
					salmon 
				tube flies, dressed on grays needle tubes, sea trout tube 
					flies, and a range of salmon flies dressed on fulling mill 
				double salmon fly hooks. for more information, see:
					salmon flies
salmon needle tube flies
a range of salmon tube 
						flies, dressed on grays needle tubes, in a variety of 
					popular styles and sizes, e.g. 
						scottish shrimps, spey shrimps, irish shrimps, blackback 
						tubes, wee monkeys and salmon minitubes, supplied in 
						myran tube fly boxes with or without tube fly double 
						hooks and all available online for immediate dispatch, 
					with free shipping worldwide. for more details, see:
					salmon tube flies 
traditional salmon flies
a box of 
						twenty traditional scottish salmon flies tied on high quality fulling mill double hooks.
each 
				traditional salmon fly selection has been chosen to give a good range of 
			patterns in terms of colour and style, in the most practical sizes 
			of 10 and 8, for use throughout late spring, summer and autumn. this 
						selection of salmon flies blends the old and the new in scottish salmon
fly fishing.  old favourites like
the jock scott, blue charm, green highlander, thunder & lightning, stoat's tail and munro's killer claim their well deserved place in the fly
box alongside the new breed of modern shrimp patterns like the cascade and
ally's shrimp, which have proven so effective in recent seasons. each 
					selection of salmon flies is presented in a durable 
					and practical plastic fly box.  
for more 
						details, see: 
							traditional scottish salmon doubles 
ally's shrimp and cascade 
					selection
(discontinued)
also available is a box of 
			twenty of the most popular
and effective modern salmon flies 
			tied on high quality fulling mill nickel silver 
			double hooks.
each ally's shrimp/cascade 
			selection has been chosen to give a good range of patterns in terms 
			of colour, in the most practical sizes of 
			13, 11, 9 and 7, for use throughout the salmon 
			season. this selection, tied in the modern 
			long-tailed shrimp style, includes some of the most popular and 
			effective modern salmon flies of all time, such as the now famous 
patterns devised by ally gowans - ally's shrimp and the cascade shrimp in silver and 
gold. also included are flies dressed in a similar style, i.e. the magus and black boar, which have proven 
their worth in recent seasons. 
modern salmon doubles 
(discontinued)
twenty 
						modern scottish salmon flies tied on high quality double hooks.
each salmon fly selection has been chosen to give a good 
					range of patterns in terms of colour and style, in the most 
					practical sizes for use throughout the main part of the 
					salmon fishing season.
					these salmon 
					flies, in sizes 15 to 8, include some modern patterns which have become 
contemporary classics - from the now famous ally's shrimp and cascade, to more 
recently established patterns like the editor and executioner, variants of the 
popular flamethrower, the posh tosh and gledswood stoat, to the dee sheep and 
silver sheep.  this salmon fly selection offers practical variety for
late spring, summer and autumn salmon fishing.  the smaller,
darker patterns will, in general, be of most use in low, clear or warm water
conditions while the larger, brighter patterns will come into their own in high,
cold or coloured water. 

salmon tube flies






















scottish traditional salmon flies






















 
ally's shrimps and cascades
(discontinued)






















contemporary salmon flies
(discontinued)

























					
					grays tube fly tool



the new
												

												grays tube fly adaptor 
												is now available in our online 
												shop supplied with 25 
												assorted 
												needle tubes
					grays tube fly adaptor is a most practical and versatile fly 
					tying tool, which holds all sizes off tubes securely. it is 
					particularly suited to dressing our needle tubes. for full 
					information and advice on how to use our tube fly adaptor 
					see:


					grays tube fly adaptor




needle tube flies



a few salmon tube flies dressed on 10mm 
					and 15 mm stainless steel needle tubes
 
spinheads

turn your fly into a spinner


the 
					spinhead is an entirely 
			new spinning device, a kind of fly spoon, designed and developed by grays of kilsyth 
			primarily for the salmon fly fisherman who prefers the fly rod to 
			the spinning rod. the spinhead, which can be attached to your fly or 
			used in place of your fly, is, like a flyspoon, light enough (only 
			1 gram) and small enough to be cast, with care, on a 
					salmon fly rod, when river conditions might otherwise 
					warrant the use of the spinner.




sea trout flies
two selections of sea trout flies for 
				day and night sea-trout or sewin fishing on british rivers, 
					including some of the most famous traditional sea trout fly patterns and a 
					selection of sea trout tube flies dressed on the more recently 
					developed grays needle tubes.
sea trout needle tube flies
a box of 
			twelve sea trout tube flies dressed on 
			ultra slim stainless steel needle tubes, with an outside 
					diameter of only 1.5 mm. the selection comprises six 
			patterns, each dressed on two lengths of needle tube, 25 mm (one 
			inch) and 35 mm (about 1.5 inches), supplied with silicone hook link tubing 
						and presented, with or without tube fly double hooks, in a high quality myran tube fly box. 
					
for more information, see:
					sea trout tube flies
sea trout singles
a box of forty popular british sea 
				trout flies suitable for day and night sea trout fly fishing on 
				british sea-trout (sewin) rivers and lochs. this fly selection 
					includes many renowned traditional sea trout patterns, many 
					originating in scotland, including butcher, peter ross, 
					mallard and claret, blae and black, alexandra, greenwell's 
					glory, black pennell, teal and silver, dark mackerel, 
					woodcock and yellow and many more famous fly patterns. for 
					more detail, see:
					sea trout flies


sea trout tubes and singles






















 














related web pages

grays online fly shop

trout & salmon fishing


trout fishing 
					scotland



					salmon fishing 
					scotland


the tube fly 
					shop

salmon flies

trout flies


					sea trout flies

tube flies

sea trout fishing

fly fishing

					 




trout flies
four popular selections of 
trout flies are now
available in our online shop - scottish loch trout flies;  trout dry flies; trout
nymphs; trout lures.  see
					trout flies
trout loch flies
40 famous 
scottish loch trout flies, in a useful range of sizes, 
			for use from the loch shore or from a drifting boat, presented in a 
			practical plastic box. see:
					trout wet 
					flies
trout dry flies
					40 traditional trout dry flies, 
					beautifully dressed in a useful range of sizes for use on 
					stream or stillwater throughout the season, presented in a 
					practical plastic box. 
					see:
					trout 
					dry flies

					mixed trout flies
we also offer a box of mixed trout flies, including a 
					selection of dry flies, wet flies and nymphs.
 

scottish trout flies










































all fly tying needle tubes and boxed trout, sea trout and salmon fly 
					selections are available in our 
online fly shop


					recent catches

					a couple of good fish taken recently on grays needle tube 
					flies
					sea trout



a seven and a half pound spey sea trout taken on a needle tube 
					fly, june 2015
					salmon



a thirteen pound south tyne salmon taken on a needle tube 
					fly, july 2015
for more recent needle tube fly catches see:


					needle tube fly fishing





 




[ home ] [ fulling mill flies ] [ salmon flies ] [ scottish salmon flies ] [ salmon tube flies ] [ scottish shrimp tube flies ] [ spey shrimps ] [ wee monkeys ] [ minitubes ] [ blackback tubes ] [ sea trout tube flies ] [ sea trout flies ] [ tube fly vice ] [ fly tying tubes ] [ spinheads ] [ needle fly kit ] [ trout flies ] [ fly boxes ] [ tube fly tubing ] [ fly tying ] [ tube flies ] [ needle tube flies ] [ sidelines ] [ fishing photo gallery ] [ fly fishing knots ] [ salmon recipes ] [ fly fishing articles ] [ places to fish ] [ fly fishing news ] [ fly fishing links ] [ sea trout fishing book ] [ testimonials ] [ contact information ] [ privacy policy ] [ site map ] [ how to order ]


 







trout & salmon flies



			 




