


the positive way - positive relationships
























discover new, easy, and proven ways to create positive, lasting, loving relationships.
our mission is to educate, enlighten and inspire personal growth in a positive way.  
the positive way website helps couples, married or unmarried, single people looking for a relationship, and people wanting to improve their self-esteem and create more happiness in their lives.  we offer advice on relationships, love, romance, passion, marriage, divorce, stepfamilies, self-esteem development, communication, forgiveness, work, money problems and more.   we've been helping people achieve personal growth in a positive way for over 18 years. please use the many free resources here: 















relationship quizzes
understand yourself, others and your relationships.


compatibility


fighting fair


love




couples
information that will allow you to build great relationships.

warning signs 
five myths 
problem solving




singles
how to find and creat3 a loving relationship.

your ideal mate
how to find 
internet dating 










body language
up to 93% of communication is non verbal

body language speaks
romantic body language
body language quiz 




communication
secrets to great communication 

listening skills 
expressing feelings
communicate clearly 




self development
improve your life and relationships 

create a new beginning
change and grow
stop, look and listen












• home • relationship information  • communication is key • relationship quizzes • step-family information 
						• rekindle romance • singles information • self-esteem • what you think and speak • body language speaks
						 • love and money •  • the positive way profile  • books & information 
						• e-books - get them today! • priceless life lessons • links page •
















(c) 1996 - 2019 the positive way®, all rights reserved.   celebrating 23 years of service. 

absolutely no duplication by any means other than for individual personal use is permitted
			without express written permission from the positive way(r). no republication on the internet is allowed.
webmaster@positive-way.com






