



	the center for north american herpetology































the center for north american herpetology





















statement of purpose





board of directors





awards





provincial/state lists


















soon to be released














                                society for the study of amphibians and reptiles
                                
scientific and standard english names of amphibians and reptiles of north america north of mexico, with comments regarding confidence in our understanding, 9th edition  














                            frogs
                        

117




                            salamanders
                        

231








                            squamata - snakes
                        

179




                            crocodilians
                        

2








                            squamata - other lizards
                        

130




                            turtles
                        

69








                            established exotics
                        

89













                        standard english names for north american amphibians and reptiles committee
                        kirsten e. nicholson, (chair/editor)
subcommittee members: christopher k. beachy, david a. beamer, jeff boundy, frank t. burbrink, john carr, lauren m. chan, brian i. crother,kevin de queiroz, maureen a. donnelly, darrel r. frost, kenneth m. kozak, kenneth l. krysko, joseph r. mendelson iii, emily moriarty lemmon, r. alexander pyron, sara ruane, and travis w. taggart
                    







hosted by the sternberg museum of natural history, fort hays state university.
                          




























                        the center for north american herpetology — accessed:
                        tuesday 18 february 2025 17:23
                        ct
                    













