







wtci











































        
          
            wtci
          
        
      




















































        home
      

            contact
          

            calendar
          

              training program
            

            providers
          

            blog
          



            wtci intranet 
          












































































homecontactcalendartraining programprovidersblog





                
                  
                    wtci
                  
                
              
an intersectional feminist psychotherapy institute




wtci intranet 









scroll






  




 

our missionwtci’s mission is to deepen and amplify an intersectional feminist voice within the evolving dialogue of contemporary relational theory. central to this endeavor is our understanding that the vicissitudes of early life, socioeconomic position, racial construct, gender, sexuality, ethnicity, disability, size, and access to resources constitute one's mind/body. this perspective, then, transforms clinical practice. with this understanding, we are committed to building a strong community of learners, thinkers and doers who are empowered by a psychologically informed social justice lens. about usestablished in 1981, wtci offers innovative clinical training based on contemporary relational theory and intersectional feminist thought. through education and a commitment to social activism, wtci holds a unique place at the nexus of the psychotherapy community, feminist movements, and the public at large. at our core, we are a feminist relational psychotherapy training institute, offering a two-year postgraduate training program and many other educational opportunities to practitioners and the public.




    donate 
  




    intranet
  

 




 

our programswtci provides a special environment for critical thinking, consciousness-raising, evolving relationships, and a vibrant community committed to a mission of social change greater than any one of us. 

  

postgraduate training programour unique psychotherapy two-year postgraduate training program seeks to amplify an intersectional feminist voice in the evolving dialogue of contemporary relational theory. the next program, the embodied psyche, begins september 2025.practitioner workshopswtci offers workshops by clinicians, for clinicians. new york state licensed practitioners can gain ceus. 



annual eventseach year, wtci hosts two events: indwelling and the laurie phillips memorial lecture. ﻿events for the publicwtci offers events for the public — including those who may not be practitioners — providing the opportunity for our community to connect with the mission of wtci.  

 




 

board of directors

 

eve blatt, lcsw-r ~ carol bloom, lcsw ~ luise eichenbaum, lcsw ~ andrea gitter, ma, lcat, bc-dmt ~ leah kramnick, lcsw ~ rebecca stern, lcsw ~ lela zaphiropoulos, lcsw, acsw ~ kay gimmestad, lcsw ~ debra kram-fernandez, phd, lcsw, ms-dmt, 200-ryt

 




 

our writingstructural racism considered: the women’s therapy centre- joanne clark, lcsw, new york usa, 2020women and desire: disruptions in engagements - luise eichenbaum, wtci, new york, usa, 2004relational psychoanalysis and feminism: a crossing of historical paths - luise eichenbaum, wtci, new york, usa, 2003

 






of interest



mission



programs



board



recommendations








 

© 2024 wtci562 west end avesuite 1cnew york, ny 10024phone: (212) 721-7005 email: admin@wtci-nyc.org



infocalendar postgraduate training programwtci association



actionsign upcontactreferralsdonate






































new york, ny
(212) 721-7005 
admin@wtci-nyc.org


hours












