indiana institute on disability and community: indiana university bloomington


























skip to content
skip to main navigation
skip to search








indiana university bloomington
indiana university bloomington
iu bloomington











menu

about
personnel
our work
indiana institute developmental disabilities advisory council
history of the institute



centers
center for collaborative systems change
 center on community living and careers
center on education and lifelong learning
early childhood center
eppley center for parks and public lands
indiana resource center for autism



what we offer
iidc annual progress report
our lifespan approach

iidc professional developmentinterdisciplinary education training program

resources
employment - desos
community
engage with us
id8 ai disability resource navigator


library

news and events
iidc issue briefs

news
iidc news
finder media release
iidc seeking applicants to collect survey data on national core indicators 
issue briefs on sexual health issues and women with intellectual and developmental disabilities (idd)








indiana institute on disability and community




homeaboutpersonnelour workindiana institute developmental disabilities advisory councilhistory of the institutecenterscenter for collaborative systems change center on community living and careerscenter on education and lifelong learningearly childhood centereppley center for parks and public landsindiana resource center for autismwhat we offeriidc annual progress reportour lifespan approachiidc professional developmentresourcesemployment - desoscommunityengage with usid8 ai disability resource navigatorlibrarynews and eventsiidc issue briefsnews
communities that facilitate and support equitable access to a desirable life for all peoplethe indiana institute is a bridge that connects the university to the broader community through the sharing of ideas and innovations to improve communities and lives. at the indiana institute, we work through six centers to address issues across the lifespan and major life areas. early childhood - where family–community partnerships provide all families the supports they need to nurture, teach, and advocate for their children.school-age - where the capacity of educational systems and universally designed services meet the needs of all students.young adulthood - where the access is improved and expanded to provide opportunities for competitive integrated employment and community living.adulthood - where individuals participate in all facets of community life and have choice and control over their health and independence.read more



about the institute
the indiana institute on disability and community (iidc), indiana’s university center for excellence in disabilities, has fostered a foundation of excellence for community investment in developmental disabilities since 1970. our mission is to work with communities to welcome, value, and support the meaningful participation of people of all ages and abilities through research, education, and service.
learn more about us
view our personnel directory
message from the director:
with recent leadership changes at the indiana institute, i want to send a brief update about some of the current shifts underway as they relate to autism services in schools.
autism services in schools
 


our centers
our work crosses the lifespan and is conducted across six centers.
early childhood centereppley center for parks and public landscenter on community living and careerscenter for collaborative systems changecenter on education and lifelong learningindiana resource center for autism






meet id8: your disability resource navigator! 



created by the indiana institute on disability and community (iidc), id8 is your friendly ai assistant for navigating disability resources.  learn more about id8 and how it can help you.
get started by sharing your needs, like “i’m a parent seeking educational support for my child with autism.” whatever your needs, id8 is here to help! launch id8 now!
 launch id8 ai disability resource navigator


what can id8 do for you?


find answers: get info on education, employment, healthcare, and more.

discover resources: explore support options from iidc and trusted organizations.

build skills: access resources to enhance your knowledge as a self-advocate or professional.

connect with experts: get guidance from iidc specialists for complex issues.






a message from derek nord, director, indiana institute on disability and community (iidc)"the future is bright for people with disabilities in indiana and the changes underway today will serve as the critical foundation. though there is much work to do across the state, i am confident that with indiana’s strong and effective self-advocates, families, advocates, professionals, and policymakers, people with disabilities will have greater opportunities to lead meaningful lives in the community."read more


find disability resources through the indiana institute's library and indiana disability resource finder


the library at the iidc

the indiana institute on disability and community has a full-service lending library with a wide variety of resources about disabilities across the lifespan. regardless of where you live, we are happy to lend our materials to you through the mail or to help you find the answers you need.we’re open weekdays from 8:00 to 11:30 am and 12:30 to 4:15 pm et.
learn more about the library
browse our collection


locate disability resources with finder

for those with disabilities and their families, trying to navigate a complex web of services, programs, and other disability-related community resources can be daunting. finder provides 24/7 access to community services, is easy to use, and supports first-time users with a step-by-step guide. for more experienced users, it has advanced search features. regardless of how information is located, search results are immediately available, and can be saved for future use and shared.
engage with finder





news from the institutehigh school students with disabilities achieve better outcomes in inclusive academic settingsthursday, september 15, 2022indiana high school students with disabilities who spent 80% of their educational time in general education classrooms scored higher on state reading and math assessments and were better prepared for postsecondary education and employment opportunities than their peers in less inclusive settings, according to a new study by indiana university researchers.indiana autism spectrum disorder needs assessment: an examination of hoosiers navigating autism services and supportstuesday, december 07, 2021the iidc’s indiana resource center for autism (irca) is legislatively mandated to do a needs assessment survey every 3 years (ic-12-11-8-3). the purpose of the survey is to identify: (a) the status of services provided to individuals with autism and their families; and (b) the need for additional or alternative services for individuals with autism and their families.view more news
upcoming events
 
view all events
in 2023-20246,964hours of training and technical assistance provided410training and technical assistance events83,115people impacted through iidc-sponsored training eventswhat we offerlearning through trainings, workshops, and technical assistancefrom the interdisciplinary education training program (ietp), to our online learning courses, to the many in-person workshops and trainings offered by our centers, the institute can help you learn and improve. we also work directly with schools, state agencies, service providers for people with disabilities, and institutions of higher education to address issues and create new plans.learn with usresources for youour centers have compiled resources for educators, other professionals, parents, students, transitioning individuals with disabilities, and policymakers—and you can browse them all in one place.browse our resourcesconnections to communitywe host blogs with writings from people with disabilities, like adria, to provide insights into disability through the lens of their personal experiences. we also sponsor student groups like the students on the spectrum club for iu and ivy tech students, and parent groups of children with autism to provide a foundation for self-directed mutual support.connect with your communities


looking for more information...?


the indiana institute on disability and community (iidc) has a number of ways that you can connect with us. newsletters, blogs, trainings, special events. opt in! 
engage with us








learn more about indiana's history in disability

the indiana disability history website, curated by the indiana institute on disability and community, documents and preserves the memories and experiences of hoosiers with disabilities, highlighting historic developments in the disability rights movement. the website uses video, audio, and digital technology to raise awareness of the contributions of movement leaders and pioneers as well as people trying to live ordinary lives. these advocates include both hoosiers with disabilities and their supporters. they are community activists, family members, educators, professional service providers, public officials, and legislators.the website offers online exhibits featuring a collection of oral history interviews in video format, with accompanying transcripts, descriptive data, and historical background information. this first-hand testimony illuminates the role of advocacy, and resulting changes in public policy, in the evolution of service provision and cultural attitudes towards people with disabilities.
indiana disability history website
 




let us know how satisfied you are with our website:take our site satisfaction survey (only 2 questions)
                            the institute advances policies and practices across the disability lifespan






indiana institute on disability and community
2810 e discovery parkway bloomington in 47408 812-855-6508812-855-9630 (fax) iidc@iu.edu

institute sitemap

indiana institute library
812-855-9396 (local)800-437-7924 (toll-free) libiidc@iu.edu


facebook




external resources

governor's council for people with disabilities
finder
indiana disability history project
indiana disability rights
association of university centers on disabilities

engage with us
the indiana institute on disability and community (iidc) has a number of ways that you can connect with us. newsletters, blogs, reports, trainings, special events. opt in!
engage with us


about the institute
the work of the indiana institute on disability and community crosses the lifespan and is conducted through six research centers and an indiana university disability-focused library.

early childhood center
eppley center for parks and public lands
center for collaborative systems change
center on community living and careers
center on education and lifelong learning
indiana resource center for autism













accessibility | college scorecard | privacy notice

 | 
copyright © 2025 the trustees of 
indiana university



















