







fully insured - transport goods, pets, food - insurance included






















































 
welcomeat enfold consulting
aboutwho we are
transport and logistics companyknow what you need
supply chain and logisticsthe robotics
transport take away food
transport industry
contactget in touch
linkedinfacebookflickr 






import rottweilersyour logistics transport company


17130 van buren blvd. #327, riverside, california, united states
phone – (951)789-0676


we’re here to offer you guidance and solutions that address the complex needs of transportation and logistics throughout the local areas and all around the world.

about us




times have changed and people don’t use the carriage anymore for sending their goods or their items from one place to another. businesses are expanding and they need to have reliable companies that can help them with transportation and logistics throughout the local areas and all around the world. john morton has a mission to make import rottweilers one of the most reliable logistics companies that can be trusted.






that’s why we’re here for you, to offer you guidance and solutions that address the complex needs of this sector of activity. don’t consider that it doesn’t matter who you use to transport your goods and your items – we know you want someone reliable to help you out.









pay us a visit right away at import rottweilers and see our offers!




latest posts

 a dublin dog walker is a handy professional			 october 2, 2018/in default /by john morton

there are over 400,000 dogs in ireland, with a large number of those dogs in the dublin area.  so a dublin dog walker has a lot of dogs to work with. dogs of almost every breed have a purpose depending on their kind whether it be working, sporting, herding, etc. therefore, they are meant to move, not to stand still. the problem is the 21st-century dog in dublin that is a pet, and a member of a human family, usually doesn’t do what its initially bred for. your australian shepherd, for example, is bred to herd, but chances are he or she is just a fun, loving member of your family that isn’t actually herding sheep or cattle.

it is your responsibility to ensure your australian shepherd gets walked on a regular basis.  just letting the shepherd go in your backyard, for example, is not giving him or her what it physically needs. dogs need not only the exercise, but they also need the mental stimulation. a walk with your pet allows him or her to get out and not only eliminate its waste, but get sufficient exercise, and explore the area contributing to mental stimulation.

but what if you can’t walk your dog when you should or at all? there are a number of common reasons that a person is unable to walk their animal. one of them is lack of time.  this is usually the case for people who work long hours and are only home in the early morning or late evening. another common reason is physical impairment. for people who are unable to walk due to illness or bodily injury, walking a dog would be impossible to do.  however, if you can’t do it, due to time, physical health, etc., a dublin dog walker can do it for you. here are some questions and answers:
 
what are dog walkers?  

simply put they are professionals responsible for giving your dog the exercise and the mental stimulation he or she needs. typically the walk is from your home or business back to your home or business.

do the professionals have other responsibilities besides walking the dog?

depending on the kind of walker you hire, they can also do things like check your pet’s water, feed your pet, play with your pet such as throwing a ball, etc.  if a client needs to be out-of-town for an extended period, some can also do animal-sitting while the client is away.

furthermore, if an animal becomes injured or sick while in the walkers care, it is the walker’s responsibility to inform the client. therefore, responsible pet walkers will have important information on file in case the information needs to be used such as contact numbers, the number for the vet, as well as information about the dog such as its age, weight, medical conditions, current medications, etc.

how does a person become a dublin dog walker? 

the dog walking business is one that is typically a self-employed model. therefore, an individual will start his or her business either on a full-time basis or a part-time basis. no formal education or certification is needed to do the job. however, it is rare to find someone who wants to do this job who is not familiar with canines and their behaviour and needs. depending on the size of the person’s company, the person may work alone or with other professionals. working with more people means that a greater area of dublin can be covered and even other regions of ireland.



what do you look for when hiring a dublin dog walker? 

one of the most important things to look for is an interest in canines, and most importantly, and interest in your particular pet. therefore, before hiring the individual, you’ll want them to meet your dog and determine how the two bond.

although having worked in a veterinary setting is not required to be a good professional dog walker, it is a plus if you can find someone with this kind of background.

do they do solo or do they do group walks? solo means your pet is getting one-on-one attention. group does not. what will work best for you?  furthermore, where there is more than one, there is the potential that some of the animals will not get along with each other. is that a concern for you?

another consideration is clean-up. responsible neighbours in dublin want to keep the area free of dog poop. the service should, therefore, include picking up any litter that is deposited on the ground or grass.

how much are these services paid? 

the amount of money you must pay one of these walkers varies. typically you will pay anywhere from 10 euro to 25 euro an hour. one factor to take into consideration is the number of pets an expert will walk. if more than one pet is being walked at a time, the amount you pay will probably be lower. another is if you use the services frequently.  if so, you may be able to get a discount on the services. furthermore, short distances will be cheaper than longer distances. also, if you deal with a smaller operation, such as an individual, rather than a large company, you will likely pay lower prices.


what is the best way to find the experts? 

word of mouth is always the first and best way to find someone good. however, in the absence of that, one way to get started is to check sites on the internet. there are a variety of pet sitting and dog walking companies that you can try in the dublin area. another way is to check international canine organizations such as iapo, the international organization of professional dog walkers.

a dublin dog walker is a useful person to give your animal the exercise and mental stimulation it needs. check around for a responsible service and make sure that it meets all of your requirements. stay away from anything that you feel will not be beneficial for your pet’s needs.


https://importrottweilers.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/logo-1.png
0
0

john morton

https://importrottweilers.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/logo-1.png

john morton2018-10-02 13:10:192021-07-01 11:37:17a dublin dog walker is a handy professional logistics company that transports dogs also removes furniture too			 april 13, 2018/in default, transport and logistics company /by john mortonone of the biggest tensions of the homeowners is to relocate or move their furniture. again, when you are going to a new place every member of your family should be at ease. not just the family members but also the dogs, cats and other animals living with you should be taken care of. it is hard to find a good company who are interested in doing all these for you. however, you will find companies who are willing to serve you, if you look carefully around your neighborhood. for avoiding bad decisions, do not take hire anyone without knowing about them in details. this is because, as the next chapter of your life begins, you need a moving firm who you can trust for removing furniture.
how can the logistic company help you?
the logistics company does not just transports your dogs but also helps in removing furniture. in most cases, they provide services based on local moving, international moving, office moving and just getting a quote.

local movement: the local movement is anywhere near or around you’re life. you use the service of the logistics company in removing items from one place to another inside the country. so, whether you are moving around the corner, city to city, town to town, they will help you with all your relocation needs. the local movement generally comes with four types of services.

the storage facilities: here you store all your goods until you are ready to receive it.
packing and materials: in this case, the professionals help you with the packaging of the household and fragile items.
insurance of transported goods: you need to have insurance while removing furniture which is expensive and needs extra care from the business.
pet and car travel: the local movement also includes the arrangement of the professional pet and car traveling from the certified company.

international moving: in the international, moving service, they will provide you with all the necessary and important arrangement of transferring your belongings as well as a pet from one country to another.

handling and loading: works like handling and removing items are very delicate because the correct handling and dismantling are necessary for the safety of the goods till the destination. the company you are looking for to hire should know the importance of handling these stuff with proper care.
arrangement: when the furniture or goods go from one country to another, it is very important to arrange them in an organized way so you will have no problem when these will reach to you. if the company is the best in the area then they will arrange everything in a certain way so you can find it after reaching the destination.
pet care: well, one of the most important things, while you transfer your pets from one country to another, is its proper care. if proper care is not endured then, your pet might get sick on the way to home. this is the reason; you need to know what carriage the companies are using, how they will handle the dog if it falls sick, which food they will give and how they will ensure you its safety.

office movement: removing office equipment is a very tough job. there are many delicate pieces of equipment like a fax machine, telephones, computers, laptops etc. the cabinets and furniture should be packaged in a safe way so that, it is protected from any further injury. most of the office products are very expensive and if you do not take proper care you will not be able to use these in your new office. so, do not forget to ask the logistic company to provide you with all the necessary things for the safety of the products.


why is the safe removal of furniture necessary?
you are going to use this furniture again in your house if you do not take proper care then; you again have to spend money on the same thing which is both time-consuming and expensive. just some few steps are enough to ensure the safety of the furniture while taking from one place to another.


https://importrottweilers.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/logo-1.png
0
0

john morton

https://importrottweilers.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/logo-1.png

john morton2018-04-13 09:59:372019-02-13 08:42:51logistics company that transports dogs also removes furniture too world delivery company needs insurance broker to sort motor claims			 december 14, 2017/in default, delivery insurance /by john mortoninsurance is vital in the business world. it has encouraged investors to venture into risky sectors as they will be compensated if risks occur. this investment is suitable for any kind of business. business people face a lot of risks while carrying out their daily routines. risks can be mild or severe. as we all know, accidents cannot be predicted in that they can occur anytime. some risks can make service providers to close up their businesses as they can’t recover from the damage. a cover compensates investors against specific risks. a service provider selects risks that are likely to occur while carrying out their business. delivery service is one of those risky businesses that investors fear. it is not only time sensitive but entails a lot of risks while someone is carrying out the activity. these risks range from accidents, fire and burglary among others. it is common to hear people making company insurance & motor claims. however, this process isn’t simple as most people think.
there are some insurers who refuse to pay out claims after they occur. these are some of the reasons why the company needs a broker to assist in this process. there are some rules and regulations which insurers set that make it difficult for business owners to understand. a broker is a licensed dealer, who assists clients with their policy needs. this ranges from helping them secure cheaper policies, clarifying statements that are not clearly explained, foreseeing signing of a contract and helping in making claims. the process of making claims varies depending on the selected insurer. here are some common rules that many companies insist on:

contacting your insurers immediately a risk occurred. this makes it easy to access the damage and determine the cause of the risk.
not tampering with the evidence. risks will only be compensated if they were accidental and beyond anyone’s control.
filling a claim form

many disputes have risen between insurers and their clients because of compensation. claims should be paid immediately in delivery businesses to enable normal delivery of orders. disputes might arise despite a client following the set rules for making company insurance & motor claims. there are some insurers who have a bad habit of either refusing to pay claims or underpaying claims. this is one of the reasons delivery business owners are advised to access net worth of their business before approaching any insurance company. this makes it easy in determining the value of the damage caused by the insured risks. this is another reason why a person is advised to check out the reputation of any service provider before carrying out any transactions with them.

how to handle insurance claims 
people who hire a broker to help them find a perfect cover for their delivery business is a bit lucky when compared to those who found an insurer on their own. there are three ways a broker can handle claim disputes if an insurance company refuses to pay out claims. it can be either through negotiations, through alternative dispute resolution process or through the court. there are some brokers who prefer to contact company insurance & motor claims dispute board to listen to these claims. this process has raised a lot of questions among delivery service operators on how they can find perfect service providers. there are two ways a person can find a perfect insurer. it can be an agent or conducting your own research. as we all know, there are many service providers in the market. business people should be careful on the insurer they hire because it might determine if they will normally continue with their business operation or they will be forced to shut down.
brokers are aware of companies that refuse to pay out claims, even if they are accidental and those that pay claims without any problem. they can help a client avoid such companies. in addition to this, they can hasten the payment process when disputes arise. moving on, a person can find a person can find a perfect company through personal research. this mostly entails asking people on the market or checking out online reviews. reviews and testimonials are basically comments and experiences clients had while working with a certain service provider.

how to identify a rogue company
rogue companies are those that refuse to payout risks when they occur. delivery companies should ensure they avoid these insurers as their business is sensitive in that it should operate on a daily basis. the only way to identify a rogue or fake company is by checking out their reputation. however, there are some agencies that fake their online reviews. here are some tips that a person can use to identify a perfect insurance company:

choosing an agency that has been in existence for a long time. such agencies have managed to stay in business for a long time because of honesty in their dealings. fake or rogue agencies mostly close after a short period.
choosing top-ranked insurers. such companies have managed to be ranked top because of their good customer experience.
identifying companies that immediately pay risks after confirming the damage was accidental and beyond anyone’s control. this is crucial especially for sensitive businesses such as delivery services.

in addition to this, business people should request licenses and necessary documentation that allow them to run and carry out their businesses. this is vital as licenses expire and should be regularly renewed. this reduces the chances of dealing with a fake service provider. tips on how to prevent risks from occurring:

installation of alarm systems- this is mostly for a property. there are three types of alarm systems that a person can install on his property. it can be an alarm system against fire and burglary among others. alarm systems alert owners when risks occur.
hiring an experienced driver- delivery companies that hire experience drivers are less likely to be involved in any accidents.



https://importrottweilers.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/logo-1.png
0
0

john morton

https://importrottweilers.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/logo-1.png

john morton2017-12-14 12:42:282023-12-21 10:25:32world delivery company needs insurance broker to sort motor claimspage 1 of 3123



get in touch
everything changes in the world, so the sector of transport and logistics is confronting the same change. we’re here to offer you all the info you need about the new market entrants, the new business models, or the digital transformation that can help you out.
check out our website at import rottweilers and use the contact form to tell us what you need!
17130 van buren blvd. #327
riverside, california
united states,
zip – 92504
phone – (951)789-0676


send us email
    



   

welcome
privacy policy
about us businesses are expanding and they need to have reliable companies that can help them with transportation and logistics throughout the local areas and all around the world.
that’s why we’re here for you, to offer you guidance and solutions that address the complex needs of this sector of activity.

location 17130 van buren blvd. #327
riverside, california
united states, zip – 92504
phone – (951)789-0676

 

recent postslogistics company that transports dogs also removes furniture tooapril 13, 2018 - 9:59 amtrends to follow in supply chain and logisticsjuly 23, 2017 - 12:30 pm





© copyright - import rottweilers
linkedinfacebookflickrterms of use
dmca policy
privacy policy

















scroll to top



