

 





city of hidden hills, california































































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerhidden hillsabout us

history
demographics
faqs


news and events

news
calendar
city newsletter


city council

city council

city council meeting information


city council meeting agendas/minutes
notices of public hearing


city departments

city manager
city clerk

information
elections
fppc form 700


finance
building and safety/planning

information
permit center
general plan and development fees
forms
accessory dwelling unit (adu’s)
solar energy installations
hidden hills 2021-2029 housing element


public works

long valley gate entry project
underground utility project
utility underground assessment districts
mureau/round meadow road improvements
stormwater plan
notice inviting bids/request for proposals
solid waste management


public safety

los angeles county sheriff’s department
los angeles county fire department
emergency preparedness
cert (community emergency response team)
animal control

coyotes
risks of rodenticides


filming, noise and loud gatherings
e-bicycle rules & regulations
non-lethal firearm ordinances
golf cart registration




residents

city hall or hhca?
e-bicycle rules & regulations
filming, noise and loud gatherings
hidden hills community association
leaf blowers
library
non-renewal of homeowner insurance
report dangerous driving
resources
solid waste management
temporary parking permits
home alarm registration


contact

search this website search
city of hidden hillscity of hidden hillscity of hidden hills  hidden hills current weather
last updated: feb 19, 2025 06:33 am more information       temperature (°f)48 humidity: 46% air quality: satisfactory  
hidden hills featured news
  february 17, 2025 item continued to february 25, 2025 – opposition to fire debris disposal at calabasas landfill on sunday, february 16, at 1:00 p.m., the hidden hills city council held a special meeting and approved an opposition letter to the los angeles county board of supervisors regarding the disposal of fire debris from the palisades and eaton fires at the calabasas landfill.
  read more read letter    february 13, 2025 lauren langer named new city attorney the hidden hills city council is pleased to announce the appointment of lauren langer as the new city attorney. langer, an accomplished municipal law expert with extensive experience in land use, zoning, and environmental law, is a partner with best best & krieger llp (bbk).
  read more    february 13, 2025 los angeles county fire debris removal on monday, february 10th, at 6:00 p.m. the office of supervisor lindsey horvath facilitated a virtual town hall to share information about the cleanup in relation to the calabasas landfill. the us army corps of engineers, public works, public health and other relevant parties were available to answer questions.
  watch town hall    february 10, 2025 las virgenes municipal water district survey for hazard mitigation plan the las virgenes municipal water district is updating its hazard mitigation plan as part of a recurring 5-year cycle to better prepare for disasters like earthquakes, wildfires, floods and more. your input is needed! take the survey today.
  read more    january 30, 2025 fema reimbursement information the disaster declaration for the palisades fire includes “subsequent fires,” meaning the kenneth fire qualifies for fema assistance. if you or your family incurred expenses during the evacuation—such as hotel or lodging costs—you may be eligible for reimbursement.
  read more  
quick links
municipal code
notice inviting bids/request for proposals
temporary overnight parking permits
emergency resident notification system
leaf blower use in hidden hills
undergrounding selection policy
emergency preparedness
know your zone
ready set go

emergency notifications
blackboard connect® cty is our city-to-resident communications service. with blackboard connect® cty, our administrators can send timely voice, text, and email messages to hidden hills residents within minutes. the blackboard connect® cty service will be used to complement our emergency preparedness procedures and will inform residents when there are pressing issues. please note, this system is used only in true emergencies such as fire, flood, evacuation, or critical sheriff activity.

sign up for alerts


hidden hills e-notifications

















sign up here to receive non-emergency notifications from the city. notifications include the city newsletter, upcoming public meetings, road & gate closures and non-emergency traffic hazards.

first name*last name*email*

captchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ




hidden hills upcoming events
  tuesday		february 25	  cert meeting 	 at 6:00pm      monday		march 10	  city council meeting 	 at 5:30pm      tuesday		march 25	  cert meeting 	 at 6:00pm      monday		april 14	  city council meeting 	 at 5:30pm     view all events
footeraddress
city of hidden hills
6165 spring valley road
hidden hills, ca 91302


contact information
(818) 888-9281 phone
(818) 719-0083 fax
staff@hiddenhillscity.org


hours of operation

city hall
monday – friday
9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
building and safety
 9:00 a.m. – 11:00 a.m.



 


copyright © 2025 hidden hills. all rights reserved. privacy policy | website designed by  






























