


the angry knitter















































www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing photos in a set called the angry knitter. make your own badge here.





















the angryknitter





web














































back in the saddle



monday, june 30, 2008



i've been slacking off on my knitblogging lately, but i have certainly not been slacking off on my knitting.  well, actually, my crocheting.  i haven't knit anything in months, but i've been hooking up a storm.  of course, the only people aware of my prolificness are my flickr contacts and the fine people over at ravelry.  my recent slackoffedness is all ravelry's fault, i tell ya.  i start a project, fill in all the pertinent info such as pattern name, hook size, yarn, where i got said yarn, and whatever comments i have about the project.  then i upload flickr photos of my latest creation and voila!  instant online documentation of said project.  unfortunately, the ease of ravelling has caused my slacking off on angryknitter.com.  so, to set things straight, i will show you what i've been working on recently.first we have the chanson en crochet from interweave knits wrap style.  i made this to wear with a bridesmaid dress, but it doesn't really match and i'm sure they bride wouldn't approve my wearing it anyway.  though it did come out rather smashing.  i love the color.  i used elann sonata.  i don't exactly recall why i bought that yarn in that color, it was originally for some other project, but it was the same gauge as the yarn called for in the pattern so i figured, what the hell.  i had fun making it.  there are a lot of different stitches and patterns on each row, so it's an interesting project.  it's the first wearable i've ever crocheted (aside from hats and scarves) and it actually fits, although i haven't worn it yet.there is also a bittersweet aspect to this project.  it was the first thing i made after my aunt nay died.  she was a very talented and prolific knitter and crocheter and the only person in my family who cared about crafty things.  i was so sad when i finished the wrap because i couldn't show it to her.  i feel like that every time i start a new project or buy a new pattern book.  now i've inherited all her knitting paraphernalia and books.  i guess someone has to carry on the family crafting tradition.labels: chanson en crochet, crochet


posted at 10:10 pm .
link .  .



(3) comments







3 comments:

   
      

         i just found your interesting blog via rav so i think that rav can introduce one to a wider audience. it seems that if one is using a blog primarily as an organizing tool to keep track of one's projects, then rav does make life easier. however what i enjoy about a blog is the unique synthesis of different ideas within one person's projects or viewpoint, whether that be the color of the sky or the current political climate.
      

         by  anonymous, at
         
         10:09 pm
 



         keep blogging! surfed on in here via your profile on ravelry.and in keeping with  my thread on clf, i've given your blog a "thumbs up" and got it listed on stumbleupon, so other folks can hopefully surf on in and enjoy your blog.
      

         by  maven, at
         
         10:51 am
 



         thoughtful blog you have here. 
      

         by  burger swaps, at
         
         8:12 am
 

post a comment






the beard



monday, november 26, 2007



kyle has informed me that this is what he wants for christmas.  as i am not about to pay $135 for a bearded hat with a mustache, i'm going to have to figure out how to make one on my own.  most likely i'll crochet it.  and it's quite possible it won't be ready for christmas.anyhoo, the comments accompanying the blog post are funny.  especially this little exchange.  maybe if i bide my time some granny will come up with a pattern we can all use!more photos of the bearded hat can be seen here.labels: beard, blog, hat, mustache


posted at 11:14 am .
link .  .



(1) comments







1 comments:

   
      

         i love this! i just found the link on ravelry here http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/bearded-toque#.
      

         by  the dollars, at
         
         5:56 pm
 

post a comment






crochet me please



tuesday, october 16, 2007



i got a copy of crochet me: designs to fuel the crochet revolution today and i absolutely love it.  i'm mesmerized by the mesmerize sweater.  i've never crocheted a sweater before, but i just might have to give that one a try.  the comfy cardi is also very pretty.  i was looking for a shrug-like sweater to wear to a wedding, but as the wedding is next saturday, it's a little too late.  the funny thing about this cute little cardi is that i actually own the dress the model is wearing it with.  i got it on sale at urban outfitters and wore it to a wedding this june.  i paired it with a pink shrug i knit from a rowan pattern a couple of years ago, but it looks a lot better with the comfy cardi.  of course i have no photos of me wearing said dress and sweater since i was the one taking pictures at the wedding. maybe i'll try my hand at one of these sweaters after i finish the kitty i'm working on.  kitty is on hold until i get some more fiberfill.  i'm going to try to stop at michael's while i'm out on long island tomorrow.  oh how i wish there was a suburban-style craft superstore in brooklyn!labels: amigurumi, crochet, crochet me, kitty


posted at 10:52 pm .
link .  .



(6) comments







6 comments:

   
      

         hey, angelagood to see you posting on angryknitter again!suburban-style craft store? maybe not in brooklyn, but i learned that p&s reopened across the street from its old location. i think it's 355 broadway.josie
      

         by  anonymous, at
         
         9:06 pm
 



         oh!!!  thanks for letting me know!  i'm going to check it out.  i miss that store so much.
      

         by  unknown, at
         
         10:09 pm
 



         can u send me the pattern of the mesmerize sweater to sarahcarmona@gmail.com¿? pleaseeee
      

         by  blogadicta, at
         
         11:44 am
 



         i can't do that, it's copyright infringement.  you can get the book used for about $13 on amazon though.
      

         by  unknown, at
         
         5:46 pm
 



         have you ever realized that when you buy readymade suits you get a choice of only a few colors & styles, also finding the perfect fit are quite difficult? wouldn’t it be better to choose from over 2000 different british & italian fabrics and get a tailor made suit at a similar price that you pay for readymade suits? we are a company based in hong kong and have been providing custom made suits & shirts since 1997. with representatives in major cities around the globe we can arrange to show you the fabric samples and take your measurements, or you can also place your orders online with the help of our measuring guide. there are over 2000 fabrics to choose from along with all the latest styles.all our suits and shirts are produced by highly skilled shanghainese tailors in hong kong and delivered in about 4 weeks, express delivery can be made in 2 weeks at a minor extra cost. in case you are not able to find what you are looking for then please let us know your requirement may it be in words or by a photograph and we could arrange it for you.we also have an outlet at the hotel intercontinental budapest where you are most welcome to visit us. though we are not located in streets like savile row (london), we have still been able to offer made to measure suits to many vip’s from around the world.experience an easier way of shopping for bespoke suits & shirts at euro tailors                                                                                                              kenny surtani
      

         by  kenny surtani, at
         
         5:05 am
 



         casino slot machine map & directions - mapyrothe map 부천 출장샵 of 구리 출장안마 casino slot machine locations, map coordinates, and other information for casinos in 여주 출장샵 south africa. it's 서산 출장안마 time to get down 성남 출장마사지 and play!
      

         by  nashfahnestock, at
         
         2:31 pm
 

post a comment






presents



sunday, october 07, 2007



man, has it been a long time or what?  i am such a lame craftster.  i have no desire to knit or crochet during the summer, but now that it's over, i'm getting excited about yarn again.  and it's not like it's even cold out (high was 85 today) but one of my cousins was expecting her second baby in september (hello nola!) and i have two  first birthday parties coming up, so i decided to make some stuff.                    first off is nola's blanket.  it's just a big granny square, super easy, but i like the colors a lot.  i used lion brand's new vanna's choice yarn.  i really like the color palette lion brand came up with, muted yet vibrant.  the yarn is super cheap and they sell it at the pratt store, which is the only place to buy a ball of yarn near me with out walking for a half hour.  my cousin loves orange, so the blanket i made for her first child was orange and pink, but i wanted to do something a little different for the new baby.  i love pink and green, so i used pea green, olive and rose for nola's blanket.  i think it came out very cute, if i do say so myself.  and i do say so myself.  so there.the other thing i made is a silly frankenstein/pirate doll.  the pattern is from the lion brand site.  they make you register to download patterns, but i think it's worth it; they have some fun free patterns there.  anyway, the toy is ridiculous, since it's basically a rectangle, but i think it will go over well with the one year old set.  and since the party is next weekend, we picked up some silly halloween socks at target to add to the gift bag.hopefully it will cool down a bit soon, so i can get back to making warm things.  my needles and hooks miss me.labels: afghan, amigurumi, baby, blanket, crochet, doll, gifts


posted at 4:00 pm .
link .  .



(3) comments







3 comments:

   
      

         glad to see you are back!  the baby blanket looks beautiful, and i love the pirate doll :)
      

         by  andrea, at
         
         12:49 pm
 



         thanks.  the blanket is really nice.  i want one for myself now!
      

         by  unknown, at
         
         9:07 pm
 



         the raft titanium and stem of a 'titan's  - titanium artthe zinc oxide and titanium dioxide sunscreen raft titanium stem ford edge titanium of a 'titan's' titanium dioxide in food from the triton island  microtouch titanium trim walmart this is the stem of the raft from the island of triton island (tibet). rating: apple watch titanium vs aluminum 4 · ‎1 review
      

         by  jaelykadera, at
         
         11:45 am
 

post a comment






knit.1 now!



sunday, may 13, 2007



be sure to check out the summer 2007 issue of knit.1 magazine, which features an awesome illustration by yours truly.  looks like they've got some fun stuff to knit as well.labels: illustration, knit.1


posted at 4:15 pm .
link .  .



(2) comments







2 comments:

   
      

         is it online magazine? if not where to buy it? info@pilowphoto.com
      

         by  anonymous, at
         
         8:40 pm
 



         you can get a copy of this issue of knit.1 here.
      

         by  unknown, at
         
         9:05 pm
 

post a comment

















        lulu                by angela martini                book preview  











 
knit one, felt too
by kathleen taylor 


 
knitting simple sweaters from luxurious yarns
by marilyn saitz cohen

get a super cool angry knitter journal!



or get an i really should have knit that gauge swatch journal!










. old yarns .
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
may 2005
july 2005
august 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
march 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
march 2007
may 2007
october 2007
november 2007
june 2008














2006

dr. suessian
baby bear
jaws: the revenge
baby bonanza
helmet head
gatsby girl
boobholder
yummy amigurummi
new favorite bag
crochet madness
one down, one to go
what rhymes with amigurumi?




2005

busy little beaver
swamp thing
panache
beware the savage jaw of 1984
bbbb blocked & knitting with dildos
merry knitmas 2005
gimme an "l"!
it felt nice
supermodel lulu
must have cardigan
ear flap hat w/flower
purl baby hat




2004

not cashmere
j. crew knock-off
citric acid
remembering honey
green tweed poncho













coming soon







i thought knitting was supposed to be relaxing...













link back to the angry knitter:


the angry knitter rss feed

buy stuff i knit

 trippyswell 

my illos

my illo store







 






















 
 



