



    visual strategies for autism-linda hodgdon-autism expert-slp                                                     contactabout lindalog in homeblogproductswork with lindacourses





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































new . . . updated & revised 3rd editionvisual strategies for improving communicationget digital version in the kindle storep.s.  i'm hoping to get some updated reviews for this book. if you have enjoyed the book, it would really help if you leave a review on amazon so others can find it and benefit from the information.thank you!use visual strategies for autismlearn to use visual strategies for autism . . . simple communication tools that make a big difference for autism, asperger’s & related learning needs. . .linda hodgdon’s visual strategies help speech pathologists, educators & parents achieve success with their students.hear from linda about what’s working nowget free special report  3 steps to overcome behavior challenges in autism with visual strategiessubmitneed autism solutions?i can help with that . . .let’s face it. autism can be challenging. yet there are many simple solutions – using visual tools - that can turn “messy situations” into successful opportunities.join thousands of speech pathologists, educators and parents who follow linda hodgdon to use visual strategies to fix common, but frequently frustrating autism & asperger's difficulties.what are visual strategies for autism?students on the autism spectrum (and a lot of other students, too) frequently have challenges or behavior difficulties because they don’t understand their world very well.because they are easily frustrated and regularly misunderstood, their behavior is often not like other students.sometimes they do not understand how to do what other students do. sometimes they try to control the world using behaviors and strategies other students don’t usually need to use.when trying to sort this out, we have discovered that most of these students understand what they see better than what they hear.  they are visual learners.they tend to be visual learners living in an auditory worldthat’s why they respond so well when we use visual strategies.you can call them visual strategies, visual tools or visual supports, but what they are is visual cues that help students understand better.visual strategies work! they help improve communication, prevent problems and guide students to participate successfully at home and school.follow me. . . .if you are new to autism and visual strategies, i’ll help you learn simple solutions for those frustrating situations.if you’re experienced with the communication needs of students on the autism spectrum, i’ll add to your toolbox of ideas to meet your biggest challenges.learn to use visual strategies to make a big differenceyou know how parents and professionals are always looking for solutions for those frustrating autism challenges?i help them solve thisi do it by showing how to use simple visual tools:

to give students information

give them the structure they need to participate 

help individuals handle difficult situations with successyou can learn from training programs that are packed with best-practices and effective ideas for using a range of low tech to high tech visual tools, including video and tablets like ipads and apps, to meet the communication, behavior and social skill needs of these students.visual strategies work for all skill levels and ages, young children through adults.i share practical information that will inspire you to take action immediately.classics that share practical information for anyone helping children with autism or related special learning needsvisual strategies for improving communication& solving behavior problems in autism





what i love about linda’s work is its durability over time. she has the ability to clarify and support communication with individuals with asd, while at the same time making information clear and meaningful for those implementing her strategies."carol graycreator of social stories™speech pathologists, educators, parents . . .those who support students with autism spectrum disordersyou’re in the right place if you want to:find solutions to meet the communication, social and learning needs of students on with asd plus other students with communication and learning challengesfix frustrating behavior situations with confidencemove to the next level using low tech to high tech visual strategies to overcome communication challengeshelp your students achieve greater independence so they can participate effectively in their school and home opportunitiespractical solutions to common challengesthrough private consultation, live workshops, books and other training materials linda hodgdon has helped hundreds of thousands of therapists, educators and parents of individuals on the autism spectrum, sharing the visual strategies message.together, they have overcome many challenging situations and accomplished successful outcomes.

do you feel like you need to get “un-stuck?”

or do you already have things under control, but you just want to add to your “tool box” and sharpen your skills?i can help you!speech-language pathologistsget tools to support your work with young children or older students with autism, asperger’s or related learning needs. do you need asha ceus?

tell me more
educators & support staffneed new ways to help your students with autism or special learning needs? are you looking for programs for continuing education?

tell me more
parents of special needslearn simple ways to achieve success with autism spectrum, adhd & related learning needs.

tell me more
latest posts from linda hodgdonlinda empowers you to eliminate obstacles, gain clarity, set goals and holds you accountable
idiosyncratic language in autismidiosyncratic language in autism refers to the use of speech patterns or expressions that are unique to that individual.in autistic[...]read more 
written conversations for neurodivergent learnersneurodivergent learners are those who have brains that work differently than many of their peers. this can affect how they[...]read more 
autism anxiety and autism dysregulationwhat do we know about autism anxiety? what about autism dysregulation? why is this so prevalent, especially at the beginning[...]read more  work with meblogautism productsterms of service & privacy policylog in                                    work with meblogautism productsterms of service & privacy policylog instay updated by joining our mailing list. submit copyright 2025 quirkroberts publishing  - all rights reserved  
   




