 




ahec digital library












 
 














										ahec librarians helping north carolina health professionals in every county.									




















welcome guest 

close 
aboutdatabasesjournalsbookssubject listresearch guidescontinuing professional developmentpatient educationserviceslogin 






toggle navigation




ahec digital libraryadl

search









search







aboutdatabasesjournalsbookssubject listresearch guidescontinuing professional developmentpatient educationservices

















top resources used in adl
browse special collections
 covid-19 mental health for health care









the implications of covid-19 for mental health and substance usenc ahec program officemedlinepluspmc (pubmed central)psychiatry article-assessment program article list 








 disaster preparedness & response evidence based practice family medicine obstetrics and gynecology readings (abog) pain management opioid addiction guide




 behavioral (mental) health health careers interprofessional practice and education nursing (adl resources) pediatrics quality/health it – ambulatory care 

see more...







    thanks to funding from the secu foundation, library services has added a new, 
    current collection of 200 ebooks to the ahec digital library that will be accessible by all adl members.
  
  
    these ebooks provide clinical and research support along with evidence-based 
    recommendations to equip providers with what they need to deliver care and 
    successfully navigate changes in healthcare environments. the new resources include:
  

clinical specialties, including nursing, healthcare management, trauma, and vaccine safety.
health equity topics such as cultural responsiveness, research equity, health justice, and community engagement.
covid-19 titles related to infection control, epidemiology, public health preparedness, and pandemics.


browse the full ebook collection

 





            as the health care workforce responds to covid-19, they face challenges to both coping in the moment and ongoing mental health.
        

            to support this process, the ahec digital library presents a collection of resources geared towards health care worker mental health during covid-19.
        



resources to support the health and well-being of clinicians during the covid-19 outbreak
coping with sickness and stress
coronavirus and mental health:  taking care of ourselves during infectious disease outbreaks
positive psychology in times of crisis
suicides of two health care workers hint at the covid-19 mental health crisis to come


see more mental health resources for clinical staff...

 

 





adl news  (more ...)





							changes for unc health employees						
updated: 2024-09-03 @ 05:36:51




effective september 1, 2024, unc health has withdrawn from the ahec digital library (adl).
please contact julia.aucoin@unchealth.unc.edu for further information or to address any questions.
if you would like to subscribe to an individual account for the adl, the cost is $220 per year, pro-rated for the remainder of 2024. please go to https://ncahec.libwizard.com/f/adlaskus and select “i need help with getting an adl membership.”

thank you.					








                                highlighted resource for february 15, 2025:
will bird flu spark a human pandemic? scientists say the risk is rising
 
updated: 2025-02-14 @ 09:34:13





the bird flu (h5n1) is becoming a greater concern among people who track infectious diseases.


a recent article in nature explains why changes in how the disease spreads could affect humans, and a new libguide from unc health sciences library collects key resources to help understand the current bird flu situation.


to learn more, check out the adl's highlighted resources for february 15:

will bird flu spark a human pandemic? scientists say the risk is rising

avian influenza - "bird flu" (h5n1) guide

 






                                highlighted resource for february 1, 2025:
availability of evidence for predictive machine learning algorithms in primary care 
updated: 2025-01-31 @ 08:28:08





what evidence is available to support use of artificial intelligence systems in primary care?


a recent systematic review in jama on this topic did not find evidence to support ai implementations and their quality criteria.


a follow-up interview with the authors discusses the study's implications for further research, including factors to assess when considering ai implementations.


to learn more, check out the february 1 highlighted article:

availability of evidence for predictive machine learning algorithms in primary care

follow-up interview

 






                                clinical resources to support you during hurricane helene relief efforts 
updated: 2024-10-02 @ 12:10:52




to assist first responders and clinicians in the affected areas, ebsco has set up a special account for hurricane relief.
this account provides complimentary access to gideon, dynamed, and dynamic health, ensuring that you have the necessary tools and resources to continue your critical work without interruption.

dynamed: evidence-based drug and disease information and expert guidance for trusted answers at the point of care.
dynamic health: nursing skills and clinical resources for nurses and health professionals.
gideon (global infectious disease and epidemiology network): evidence-based resources for diagnosis, treatment, and teaching of tropical and infectious diseases, epidemiology, and microbiology. 



















free access to essential evidence+ for north carolina residents






covid-19 resource guideunc chapel hill & ahec digital library






new – research guideslooking for a specific topic? try our new research guides!










 










individual account



username
 
             

            
password


                                                                     

            






need assistance?



 forgot your password?



 request an account




library links


abog readings
essential evidence







 







contact
about us
privacy
accessibility
news


 ahec digitial library 2025










 




