










hannah and friends - awareness & compassion






































































































 





about

board members
from the desk of maura & charlie weis
meet our staff
our supporters
contact


you can help

donate
volunteer
other ways to help


resources

useful links


 








 

















who works behind the scenes tokeep hannah & friends running? 
		

meet our staff








applications for 2020 hannah's helping
hands grants open march 1st, 2020 
		

learn more



 





 

donate nowclick here to discover how you can help financially support hannah & friends.



programs & grantsif you are in need of services or support, click here to read more about our programs or click here for grants. 








welcome to hannah & friends!


click here for a virtual tour of hannah & friends!
hannah and friends family foundations is a nonprofit organization dedicated to improving the quality of life for children and adults with special needs.
maura and charlie weis founded hannah & friends in recognition of their daughter hannah. the mission of hannah & friends is to improve the quality of life for children and adults with special needs.
we strive to raise awareness and compassion for all those with different abilities. we offer horse emotional therapy for our special population.

hannah and maura weis
discover how hannah and friends is changing lives and raising awareness and compassion for all those with different abilities.   we have since this video sold our property, homes and centers to the  logan center who is running the programs, homes and doing a amazing job.  hannah and friends is now running the barn and incorporating horse therapies.















newsletter sign-up
please enter your email address to be added to our mailing list.

 






 








latest tweets
 

contact us 
 









 
 
 



δ
 














© 2019 hannah and friends - all rights reserved






facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube
instagram
rss
















this campaign has ended. no more pledges can be made.






 










































