














school of continuing & professional studies | washu



























































































skip to content
skip to search
skip to footer










washu, main








								continuing & professional studies							



close

about capsabout caps

caps overview
contact caps
news & stories
newsletter registration
testimonials
the team
vision, mission, values


programsprograms

programs overview
undergraduate programs
graduate degree programs
certificate programs
extend(ed) professional certificates
community programs


get involvedget involved

get involved overview
give
partner
teach
build


student successstudent success

student success overview
get started with a student recruiter


 
start your journey

 




 


















search









menu





search for:
















search
















close


















welcome to caps
welcome to washu continuing & professional studies (caps). discover your pathway to a flexible, targeted and attainable education from a world-class institution, designed to help you succeed while you balance your personal and professional responsibilities.

$1.26min grants & scholarships awarded since 2021 6,486total number of caps graduates$13.2 maverage increase in earnings 100 caps graduates would generate for the st. louis region by 2035






flexible
your education through caps is designed for the modern learner, offering the flexibility needed to balance work, family, and school commitments, ensuring you can achieve your educational goals on your terms.

learn more




targeted
your success is the top priority, which is why caps programs are tailored to meet the needs of the st. louis workforce, offering sought-after skills that enable modern learners to upskill and reskill for career advancement.

learn more




attainable
your bottom line is important. caps makes attaining a high-quality education possible by working to identify prior credit that can be applied to your program and helping you find financial aid and scholarship opportunities.

learn more




with programs to fit your career goalsexplore all programs



undergraduate


graduate


certificates


extend(ed)


community programs





 



undergraduate
bsis: clinical research management
study includes areas as learning and memory, motivation, sensory processes and perception, biological bases of behavior, social interactions, aging and development, personality, and clinical and affective psychology.


learn more




undergraduate
bsis: foundations of counseling psychology and behavioral health
study learning and memory, motivation, sensory processes and perception, biological bases of behavior, social interactions, aging and development, personality, and clinical and affective psychology.


learn more



 




view all undergraduate programs




 



graduate
master of applied computer science
the master of applied computer science (macs) degree is designed to provide a strong, interdisciplinary foundation in computer science for working professionals who come from non-mathematical or non-engineering disciplines and who want to enter the field of computing.


learn more




graduate
master of data analytics & applications
if a professional is looking to advance their career in this field, the master of data analytics & applications will provide the knowledge base and expertise they need to construct data systems that improve efficiencies and profit margins for organizations.


learn more



 




view all graduate programs




 



certificates
certificate in strategic communication
the certificate in strategic communication provides essential skills for designing, implementing and managing business communications programs for a range of corporate, agency and nonprofit organizations.


learn more




certificates
certificate in sustainability
the certificate in sustainability provides an interdisciplinary foundation for understanding and addressing today’s most pressing and complex social, environmental, and economic challenges.


learn more



 




view all certificate programs




 



extend(ed)
bioscience technology professional certificate
the bioscience technology certificate provides entry-level skills to those seeking employment in medical and research laboratories. 


learn more




extend(ed)
healthcare transitions professional certificate
the healthcare transitions certificate focuses on science and math skills that are necessary to transition to a healthcare-focused career.


learn more



 




view all extend(ed) programs





osher lifelong learning institute 
caps osher lifelong learning institute (olli) at washu, is a membership community designed for curious learners age 50+. members enjoy a variety of peer-led classes exploring, arts, history, current events and more.

learn more



english language programs
caps english language programs (elp) are designed to strengthen and advance the english language capacities of those who speak english as an additional language, facilitating students’ academic and professional success at the university and beyond.

learn more



prison education project
caps prison education project (pep) is a transformative program that offers a college education to incarcerated students at the missouri eastern correctional center and the women’s eastern reception, diagnostic and correctional center.

learn more



master of arts in teaching and learning
the master of arts in teaching and learning (matl), a collaboration between caps and teach st. louis, trains current and aspiring st. louis area school teachers to become leaders in their schools.

learn more








start your journey with a caps student recruiter
prospective students should schedule an appointment with a recruiter to discuss their interests before applying for admission to a degree or certificate program. recruiters can also help you if you are undecided about your academic goals or want to become more familiar with college procedures before applying for admission.



 



georgewinston


associate director of undergraduate recruitment



314-935-2769
email george



meet with george 


 



christopherthurmond


undergraduate student recruitment specialist



314-935-6802
email christopher



meet with christopher 


 



kalliereyes


director of graduate programs



314-935-5354
email kallie



meet with kallie 
  

meet the recruiters











contact
danforth campus - january hall
one brookings drive
msc 1082-414-2555
st. louis, mo 63130
west campus - clayton
11 n. jackson ave. – suite 1000
msc 1085-414-20
st. louis, mo 63105
314-935-6700 | caps@wustl.edu

facebook
x
linkedin
instagram


external linkshere & next plan
office of the provost
privacy policy
student outcomes
academic integrity policy for students
student conduct code
university safety & security

site linkscontact caps
newsletter registration
course search

footer column 3green office program







©2025 washington university in st. louis



 
go back to top
 





































