







friends of heather grossman



















home  ~  my story  ~  news  ~  you can help  ~  gallery  ~   articles & resources  ~  inspirations  ~  letters  ~  contact



















































recent news
the paperback version of heather's book is now available on amazon!
september 17, 2018

the paperback version of heather's book is now available on amazon. click here to order your copy.
please be sure to contact heather if you will be featuring her book in your book club, church group, mother's group or dv group. she will be happy to speak at your group meeting. thank you!


heather's book is now available on amazon!
july 24, 2018

heather's book is published and ready to download on amazon through kindle today! this is her true story of survival, heroism, and pursuit of justice.
click here to get this on amazon.

crime watch daily feature
december 16, 2015

heather's story was featured on crime watch daily, which her sons were also interviewed for. (below is a photo of her sons at the interview for this feature). please click here to see the story!



heather's book is coming soon
august 12, 2014

good news! heather's book is finished, and she is currently looking for a publisher. we will let you know once it's ready!


watch heather's 48 hours special, "the puppet master"



"paralyzed in paradise" by heather grossman
march 31, 2013

this autobiography written by heather grossman will be inspirational to women and families. her story has been told on 48 hours mystery and dateline nbc. after many letters of encouragement she decided to publish her story and tell it all.


read more »


heather featured in the arizona republic
june 10, 2012

heather grossman is a valley woman who experienced domestic violence in two marriages. she was shot in the neck in 1997 by a man hired by her first husband after their divorce and custody fight; the injury paralyzed her from the shoulders down. in this article, heather talks about her experience.


read more »


heather’s haven of hope
february 19, 2009 

heather just launched heather's haven of hope, a foundation that assists domestic violence shelters in arizona. the purpose of the foundation is to provide assistance to victims of domestic violence and to educate the public on issues relating to domestic violence and its victims, including children of the victims of such violence. please visit the site to learn more about the foundation.


read more »


more news »













how you can help

heather grossman's ex-husband hired a man to kill her in 1997. he was not successful in his attempt to take her life, but the gunshot wound left heather paralyzed from the neck down. heather was just 31 years old with three young children. during the years since the incident, heather's family has been doing everything they can to keep her alive and well, but expenses are high, and they need as much help as they can get. 

since heather's new website launched on september 21 with the paypal donation options, heather's family has received donations from quite a few generous people. please take a moment to see who has donated to heather's family so far.


my story

i’m a mother, mentor and a survivor of domestic violence.  ten years ago domestic violence forever changed my life and the lives of my family.  as the bullet penetrated my spinal cord, it shattered many hopes, dreams and my ability to function as i once did but it did not destroy me or my will to live.  ten years ago my ex-husband, ron samuels, hired men to murder me.  i died at the scene of the crime but was brought back to life by a paramedic.  

read more »

articles

from despair rose meaning of life



details emerge about botched murder-for-hire plot



the legacy of abuse



more articles »










heather grossman copyright © 2007 - .  website updated by heather, her family, and the webmaster.  web design by rohner studios. 
digg this website






