








the gorge - flash bristow's website











home
what's new here
about me / faqs
media appearances
journal
my wishlist
photos (snaps)
electricity pylons
life experiences
iceland travelogue
a406 road
fishkeeping
glastonbury fest
adopting a greyhound
writing to death row
web shops reviewed
nine inch nails
trains and stations
gifts for everyone








sad news
please note that flash passed away in 2020.  this site is kept up to honour her memory.


blog & twitter



[read my blog or leave a comment]


[click here to follow me on twitter]



articles


latest waltham forest guardian blog post:
a good year for leytonstone

2011 has been a tough year for many people as the recession bit, but in leytonstone there were some signs of hope and a couple of fantastic additions to the area...

flash says articles cover a range of categories,
please follow the relevant links for her views on...
disability, 
dogs / puppy training,
food, diet and cooking,
leytonstone,
politics,
transport,
and everything else (including music).

note: the flashsays website has sadly been shut down.

[more articles, media and press]



website additions


webpages recently added or updated:

media - new tv appearance
fairy globes - make your own snowstorms
flickr - my photo gallery
glastonbury - 2010 lineup
bridges - a study of bridges in wales
fuchsias - photos of my varieties

[previous additions]

updated: 19 january 2014



projects


i am co-ordinator for slate, an art exhibition space in leytonstone.

also volunteering for the stone space, a neighbouring gallery.

i am currently chair of ferndale area residents' association in london e11.



updated: 19 january 2014




photo sets


butterflies - click here to view
photos of butterflies from a visit to "sensational butterflies" at 
the natural history museum in september 2011

do have a look at my flickr site.

updated: 7 march 2012



recommendations


st pancras champagne bar, london

europe's longest champagne bar, and you've got a unique view of the trains! i had a great time here although admittedly i only stopped for drinks. there's a discretionary 8% service charge added to the bill, though staff deserved it, quickly finding a space for me (in my wheelchair) and friend on a busy weekday evening...
[restaurant and hotel recommendations]

updated: 30 november 2008




most popular


people most commonly find this website by searching for egg fried
rice recipe or fried bananas. my recipes are only beaten by
glastonbury festival
and electricity pylon sections.

many people have benefitted from my 
free deed poll information, although it's questionable whether they
appreciated my terrible jokes collection
quite as much!

however you came here, please stick around and have a rummage!


my favourites


i like to reminisce over my 
travelogue of iceland where i spent a wonderful
honeymoon...
my visits to disused underground stations...
i check my greyhound adoption pages for reference,
and i often turn to my gift ideas for people who've got
everything section for inspiration.

as a huge fan, i also maintain a 
small section of photos and info about nine inch nails.

and of course, i'd love it if you bought me something from my
wishlist!









if you have a comment, please leave it in the
guestbook.
to contact flash directly, complete
this form.
like this site? buy me a drink!

this site moved from a fixed width to the current layout in 2009. some older
content such as photo sets may still have a fixed width. however if you 
notice any pages which are actually broken, please be kind enough to let me know
via this form.

© flash wilson 1999-2010.
i charge a fee for use of my photos.













