washington d.c. nightlife: find clubs and bars in washington d.c. by nightguide
homeaboutcontactwashington d.c. nightclubstoday's area eventssearch the webbookmark this page metroguide.network > nightguide > washington d.c. home pagewashington d.c.nightclubsby location » by category » reviews » said by clubs » club events »(try keyword "dance" or a zip code)
welcome to nightguide washington, d.c., your single source for nightlife information. use our guide to find the hottest places to go and have fun.

music, dancing, drinking, and networking thrive in the nation's capital. as a town with legendary musical history, where duke ellington first played in the u street district known as "black broadway," washington d.c. boasts spectacular live music, especially jazz. chuck brown, godfather of go-go, fills clubs at late-night gigs. the u street corridor stays true to roots as the epicenter of jazz culture, with hr-57 and the lincoln theatre packing in crowds. after a 30-year closure, bohemian caverns -- once hosting ellington, cab calloway and ella fitzgerald -- is an up-and-comer, where entrees are named for jazz luminaries and décor harkens to the 1920s. in georgetown, blues alley draws crowds to the nation's oldest jazz supper club. the kennedy center has the kc jazz club, while the smithsonian and other museums often stage summer outdoor jazz sets. bluegrass and country is found at madam's organ in adams morgan, with free outdoor concerts at the library of congress. electronica has emerged on the capital scene, thanks to the thievery corporation, known for eclectic dj sessions at the 18th street lounge. also into electronica are chi cha lounge, local 16 and gazuza. while the mci center fills up for national headliners, washington d.c. boasts several intimate concert venues: the 9:30 club, black cat, and warner theatre book hip-hop, rock, reggae, indie, punk and more. opera and classical music attract dignitaries, diplomats, and romantics, with the washington opera under artistic direction of placido domingo and the national symphony orchestra under leonard slatkin. washington, d.c. is also the capital of choral music, with more than 70 groups including the air force singing sergeants.

choice bars are often in hip hotels. bar rouge at the hotel rouge mixes sultry libations, while helix lounge at the hotel helix serves retro drinks in a room of white vinyl with rotating lighting. the ritz-carlton georgetown, at the site of the old incinerator, touts degrees, with a black granite bar and red velvet curtains. in upper georgetown, bourbon lives up to its name, serving more than 50 varieties, plus several whiskeys and a dozen wines on draft. dupont circle and adams morgan remain hot, with low-key bars and stylish dance clubs. the reef has aquatic décor and monday "firkin nights," when ales are dispensed by gravity from a small cask called a firkin. finn maccool's features live irish musicians and drafts of beamish instead of guinness. downtown is a destination to waltz, rumba, and salsa the night away at places like dream. in penn quarter, upscale, high energy clubs like home, once a bank building, play top 40, bhangra and hip-hop. another former bank is platinum on downtown's f street, where a chandelier dominates for trance, hip-hop, and salsa. adams morgan possibilities include habana village serving cuban drinks and music from merengue to flamenco, reggae, and tango. also in adams morgan, rumba café has live brazilian music and tasty caipirinhas. nation ranks among the city's largest, most popular clubs, well-attended by all ages, races, and sexual orientations, although best known for velvet, a saturday night gay circuit party. for mellow nightlife without dress codes, d.c. sanctuary is the place. 

to perform a quick search for nightclub information in the area, please select one of the options below: 
 
washington, d.c. nightlife by location

·district of columbia
nightlife options on the 69 square miles of central washington, d.c. includes capitol hill, georgetown, chinatown, the convention center and other areas.

·alexandria
nightlife options in historic alexandria virginia, located 6 miles to the south of the district.

·northeast virginia
nightlife options just to the west of the district, in fairfax county locations such as tyson's corner, mclean, falls church and springfield.

·southwest maryland
nightclubs to the east of the district, in maryland cities such as silver spring, cheverly, rockville, bethesda and others.

·washington airport - arlington
nightclubs located near the ronald reagan washington national airport and the arlington area.
 
washington, d.c. nightlife by category
rock -n- rolldancegaybluesbarjazzlesbiancomedysports baralternativeadult entertainmentcountry & western
you can return to the nightguide washington, d.c. home page at any time by pressing on the "nightguide" button in the left margin of the page.
said by readers...“available for rental ”aqua dc, washington - “go to aquadc.com and fill out rental info if you are interested renting out aqua.thank you                  …”said about: aqua lounge“so-sp”member, meows, washington - “i went on the friday before dc pride, and it was crowded as all hell. it got really hot really fast, and i was pr…”said about: town dance boutique“great spot - if you are looking for a relax, chill spot”chris, burlington - “i think this is a wonderful spot.  this is not a "dance" club, and it represents a wide range of ages.  we wen…”said about: lace - dc's premiere women's club“for the older lesbian”denise, washington - “this was the most boring club i've ever been to. we stayed all of 30 mins and tried to enjoy the older lesbians but this…”said about: lace - dc's premiere women's club“sorry but this was the most boring club”non-member, reader - “now the interior of the place is very nice, even though it's small upstairs and even more downstairs where dancing is su…”said about: lace - dc's premiere women's club« top of pagesaid by nightclubs...official descriptions are posted by an owner or a representative of the establishment.“the ultimate dc nightlife experience!”“the vision for opera is simple: to create a cutting-edge multi-faceted entertainment venu…”posted by: opera ultra lounge“groove jet saturdays @ oxygen”“x-factor presents: the hottest saturday night party in dc

"groove jet saturdays" at
o…”posted by: oxygen the venue“a space for women of all ages, races and ethnic backgrounds”“lace is a restaurant, bar and nightclub for lesbian women located in washington, dc. lace…”posted by: lace - dc's premiere women's club“kstreet lounge”“looking for the best nightlife in the nation's capital? come party, see and be seen at do…”posted by: kstreet lounge« top of pageevents at washington d.c. nightspotsani difranco ani difranco performing live in concert along with pearl and the beard… arts - concerts 9:30 clubwed 4/16/25 will downing will downing performing live in concert… arts - concerts the birchmerefri 1/31/25 sat 2/1/25 galactic performing live… nightlife - live music 9:30 clubthu 1/30/25 alan doyle performing live… arts - concerts the birchmeresun 3/9/25 war - the band performing live in concert… arts - concerts the birchmerefri 4/11/25 sat 4/12/25 natalie macmaster & donnell leahy performing live in concert with donnell leahy… arts - concerts the birchmeremon 3/10/25 the devil makes three performing live in concert with langhorne slim… nightlife - live music 9:30 clubsun 5/11/25 the high kings performing live in concert… arts - concerts the birchmerefri 3/7/25 sat 3/8/25 « top of pageother links:celebrations and holidaysdeepfake awareness daynational metaverse daydigital twin daymetroguide.network > nightguide > washington d.c. home page« top of page 
© 1996-2025, metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsnightguide, nightguide.network, nightguide.community and nightguide washington d.c. are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.to submit your nightclub, please use our online form.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionguide
washington d.c. nightclubs:our readers'3 smile favoritesvelvet loungefur night clubkstreet loungeibiza night clubstir loungeall stars comedy clublace - dc's premiere women's clubtuscana loungethe muse nightclub and loungeultra bar & clubthe lounge @ station 9





