 





todays seniors network – america's seniors























 







skip to content






 todays seniors network
america's seniors


menu


home
about us
contact














new study – 40% of seniors admit to wanting a fuckbuddy

 by tabattmorago  |
                     may 7, 2022
 |  no comments
 |  sex for seniors


 


over 40% of seniors in the united states admit that they would like to a find a fuckbuddy. so why is everyone trying to find a fuckbuddy these days? in this short article, you’ll find out exactly why everyone wants a fuck buddy, and why seniors are looking for casual sex partners more than ever. you’ll also learn exactly why seniors are signing up for free fuckbuddy sites like fuckr to find their next sex partner online.
the number one reason that people want a fuckbuddy is because it’s just plain fun! some people have been single for so long that they’re finally ready to try something new and exciting with someone who shares the same lifestyle as them. it can feel great to be able to talk about your sexual fantasies while having casual sex. being able to fuck different people without any strings attached can really spice things up in the bedroom, which makes both men and women very happy!
another reason for wanting a fuckbuddy is to relieve stress from a bad relationship or marriage. the truth is that not all relationships work out, and sometimes you simply need to move on and even use craigslist for sex. not being able to get over an ex-partner can cause serious depression, but getting laid by a hot guy or girl will make you feel better instantly. there’s nothing like a good romp between the sheets to clear your mind after a particularly stressful day at the office.
finally, some people just love the thrill of meeting sexy singles online. they enjoy the idea that they could meet someone new every night, even if it’s only for a quick hookup. others want to find a fuckbuddy that they can keep around for a while, because they know how much fun it can be to share your life with someone else. no matter what your reasons are, most people agree that finding a fuckbuddy can change your life forever.
see the study here… read more »



                    posted in %1$s                






best dating apps for seniors: how to find the perfect online match

 by tabattmorago  |
                     july 28, 2021
 |  no comments
 |  fling, sexbook


 


although there are tons of dating apps out there, most of them seem to be aimed at younger generations. if you’re a senior citizen trying to meet someone new online, then which of these apps will work for you?
so which apps are the best for seniors? we asked a number of experts to give us their thoughts on what the best apps are for dating and relationships of all types. what age range are seniors looking for? for a dating app to be effective, it needs to be available to a wide range of age groups.
we’ve reviewed some of the best dating apps for seniors, and found out which of them will give you the best chance of finding a good match.
try sexbook for easy casual connections
ease into it with casual dating apps like sexbook (https://sexbook.vip). sexbook is aimed at folks who don’t want to jump right into things but want to have some fun. you’ll be able to meet a wide variety of people who aren’t looking for anything serious. you can swipe right if you want to hookup or go on a date, or you can just swipe left if you don’t have any interest in someone.
sexbook is also designed so that you don’t have to dig through hundreds of potential matches to find someone interesting.
how to use sexbook: go to sexbook.vip to download the app for android or ios. sexbook makes it easy to scroll through the thousands of profiles and match with the people you might be interested in. sexbook is free and only requires a few questions to sign up.
use fling for finding a quick match
the majority of dating apps you find online are geared towards younger generations. while some of these apps are free and easy to use, others will require you to pay a small monthly subscription fee in order to sign up. one such example is the paid app, fling.
this app is particularly popular with seniors looking for quick and easy connections with new potential partners. if you’re looking for someone to hook up with for a one-night stand, you may not be interested in fling.
however, you can still use the app if you’re looking for someone to chat with and get to know better. you can choose from a large pool of singles, and communicate directly with your match until you decide to meet up. you can also share photos with each other.
how about bumble?
since its launch, bumble has gained a huge following. the app allows women to send messages without any confirmation from the recipient before the message is accepted. however, because of its popularity, bumble can sometimes seem like a breeding ground for unwanted male attention.
according to the new york times, bumble and the “b” in its logo are not supposed to stand for “butterfly.” rather, they’re supposed to be the initials for the last words of bumble founder whitney wolfe. after her sexual assault in college, she dedicated herself to creating a dating app where women didn’t have to tolerate harassment or catfishing.
noticing some negative comments online regarding the app’s security, bumble has recently added a layer of security to its platform.
looking for love on senior sizzle?
luckily, there are plenty of dating apps available for older adults. seniors with time on their hands will love the senior sizzle app, which allows members aged 50 or above to have conversations with potential partners in different categories.
you can chat with men and women who are interested in dating a single mum, travelling, or a teacher. “the free version of the app allows users to download 20 photos of themselves.
what to look for in a senior dating app
when you’re older and you’ve lived a long time, there’s a good chance that you’ve had your fair share of relationships. you’ve probably gotten married and had kids, divorced, had long-term relationships, and even one-night stands. the older you get, the harder it is to meet new people and form new relationships, but these apps are perfect for those people looking to rekindle the flames.
you’ll want to look for apps that offer … read more »



                    posted in %1$s                






100-year-olds polled on secret of successful aging

 by tabattmorago  |
                     july 11, 2020
 |  no comments
 |  uncategorized


 


the second annual “evercare 100 @ 100 survey” polled one hundred americans turning 100 and older this year about their practices and habits and found that, contrary to some conventional stereotypes, centenarians are staying in tune with the times.
like the rest of americans, they are following current trends like reality television, video games and ipods, worrying about health and diet, and keeping up on news and current events.  surprisingly, regular sexual activity is a major key to aging gracefully according to a study conducted by hookup app meetbang.com – see keeping fuck buddies in older age, while cheeky, is definitely a smart idea.  you know what they say, use it or lose it.
“as americans strive for healthier, longer lives, the ‘evercare 100 @ 100 survey’ provides us with a prescription for longevity from those who have aged successfully, and finds that tuning in to trends and current events, leading healthy lifestyles and holding faith and spirituality in high regard are key themes,” said dr. john mach, ceo of evercare.
“we conduct this annual survey because evercare is constantly striving towards a better understanding of the oldest americans so that we may continue to provide the kind of care that keeps people healthy and independent for as long as possible.”
evercare, one of the nation’s largest care coordination programs for people who have chronic or advanced illness, are older or have disabilities, first surveyed centenarians in 2006 to provide insight into one of the fastest-growing segments of the population.
since evercare serves more than 1,000 centenarians, the company conducts this annual survey to better understand them so it can continue to anticipate their needs. the anecdotal survey is meant to provide a cultural snapshot of the lives and lifestyles of americans who achieve and surpass the 100-year-old milestone by remaining active and independent. according to the u.s. census bureau, there are nearly 80,000 centenarians in the united states, and that number is projected to increase seven-fold, to 580,000, by 2040.
edith jansky, an evercare enrollee in cambridge, ma, attributes her longevity to a positive outlook. “if you are happy you can live longer i think, and i am happy… to tell you the truth, i would not want to be anywhere else but here,” she said. “i have seen so much, i don’t think there would be much more that i could see or hear [if i were to live another one hundred years].”
among the key findings of the 2007 “evercare 100 @ 100 survey”:
keeping up with trends and current events.
* “i want my mtv.” when it comes to entertainment, the survey found that nearly a third (31 percent) have watched a reality tv show and 27 percent have watched mtv or music videos. nearly a quarter of centenarians have purchased a music cd, and one in seven has played a video game.
* sorry, oprah, johnny is still king. when polled on their favorite tv talk show host, johnny carson topped the list with 14 percent of the votes — more than double those for oprah winfrey (6 percent). but, one centenarian did say of oprah, “i used to watch her every blessed day, i think she is a wonderful, wonderful, wonderful person. i think she is very kind too. i think she does a lot for charity… that must be wonderful to have someone give you a beautiful new car [that] you didn’t have to work for.”
* some centenarians have even tried the latest technology. six percent said they have been on the internet and four percent said they have listened to music on an ipod. surprising millions have used dating sites to help them find love. there are dating apps just for seniors: https://datinginsider.com/senior-dating/.
* advertisers take note: although 18- to 49-year olds may be a coveted demographic, sixty-eight percent of centenarians polled also turn to the tv for news and current events, while 40 percent turn to newspapers, a change from fifty years ago when newspapers (56 percent) and radio (45 percent) were their primary sources of news.
on the menu: better diet and a healthy heart, no “butts” about it.
* a full 82 percent said that their … read more »



                    posted in %1$s                






public favors

 by tabattmorago  |
                     february 23, 2020
 |  no comments
 |  older worker, seniors network


 


new aarp poll shows 86% of americans over 18 believe medicare should have bargaining power for prescription drugs
washington, feb. 20 /prnewswire-usnewswire/ — as the u.s. senate prepares to take up legislation that gives medicare the power to bargain for lower prescription drug prices, aarp today announced the results of a national poll showing 86 percent of americans over the age of 18 support allowing medicare to have that authority.
“an overwhelming 86 percent of americans agree that it’s common sense to leverage the buying power of 43 million medicare members to help bring drug prices down,” said aarp legislative counsel and policy director, david certner.
“americans understand that buying in bulk saves money; this poll shows widespread support for giving medicare bargaining power over drug prices. senators preparing to vote on legislation allowing negotiations should take note.”
in the weeks ahead, the senate will vote on repealing the ban on secretarial negotiation of drug prices. aarp supports a common sense approach to give the secretary of health and human services (hhs) the opportunity to develop a workable negotiation process for prescription drugs, with the ultimate goal to lower drug costs. this is especially needed for drugs for which there is little competition.
the aarp poll found that a similarly high number of voters — 85 percent – – felt drug prices were “too high.”
“drug prices continue to increase at unacceptable rates, nearly twice the level of inflation,” continued certner. “the pharmaceutical companies continue to talk about allowing the open market to do its job; i can think of no better way to address their concern than by allowing medicare to use its purchasing power to negotiate for better prescription drug prices.”
a total of 1,007 adults ages 18+ responded to the national aarp poll. the sampling error is plus or minus 3 percent. more than a dozen states were also polled on the same questions with similar results.
to get a complete copy of the poll data, “medicare price negotiation of prescription drugs — a national poll,” e-mail nwood@aarp.org.
aarp is a nonprofit, nonpartisan membership organization that helps people 50+ have independence, choice and control in ways that are beneficial and affordable to them and society as a whole. we produce aarp the magazine, published bimonthly; aarp bulletin, our monthly newspaper; aarp segunda juventud, our bimonthly magazine in spanish and english; nrta live & learn, our quarterly newsletter for 50+ educators; and our website, http://www.aarp.org. aarp foundation is an affiliated charity that provides security, protection, and empowerment to older persons in need with support from thousands of volunteers, donors, and sponsors. we have staffed offices in all 50 states, the district of columbia, puerto rico, and the u.s. virgin islands.… read more »



                    posted in %1$s                






esophageal cancer risk lower than expected for gerd patients

 by tabattmorago  |
                     january 12, 2020
 |  no comments
 |  esophageal cancer


 


newswise, december 10, 2010 — the risk of esophageal cancer among patients who suffer from gastroesophageal reflux disease (gerd) is not as high as many may think, according to new research from university of michigan gastroenterologists.
gerd is considered a relative risk for developing esophageal adenocarcinoma, but the absolute risk is not known, says joel rubenstein, m.d., m.sc., an investigator with the department of veterans affairs center for clinical management research in ann arbor and assistant professor in the university of michigan’s department of internal medicine.
“since gerd is incredibly common, many people may be worried about their increased risk for developing cancer due to gerd. this study’s results help put that risk into perspective and may help physicians decide when screening to prevent cancer is needed,” says rubenstein.
rubenstein and his co-authors set out to estimate the incidence of new cases of esophageal adenocarcinoma in the large population of people with gerd symptoms.
the research published in the american journal of gastroenterology this week found:
• women with gerd likely have a low rate of esophageal adenocarcinoma, similar to the rate of breast cancer in men.
• the rate of esophageal adenocarcinoma in white men who are 60 years old with weekly gerd is just one-third of their rate of colorectal cancer or 34.6 per 100,000 patients per year.
• the rate of esophageal adenocarcinoma in younger white men with gerd is less than one-third of their incidence of colorectal cancer.
gerd is characterized by symptoms that result from repeated or prolonged exposure of the lining of the esophagus to acidic contents from the stomach and occurs when the lower esophageal sphincter does not seal off the esophagus from the stomach.
the two most frequently reported symptoms of gerd are heartburn and regurgitation, which is characterized by the effortless flow of fluid rising up the chest toward the mouth. some estimates say up to 1 in 4 people in u.s. suffer from gerd.
rubenstein concluded that screening for esophageal adenocarcinoma should not be performed in men younger than age 50 or in women because of the very low incidences of the cancer, regardless of the frequency of gerd symptoms. however, in white men with weekly gerd over the age of 60, the incidence of esophageal adenocarcinoma is substantial and may warrant screening.
“our study does not say who should be screened or the effectiveness of the screening. but we can say that for a 60-year-old man with gerd, screening for colon cancer is more important than screening for esophageal adenocarcinoma,” rubenstein says.
“we hope this study can help physicians recognize the absolute risk of esophageal adenocarcinoma in patients with gerd within the context of the risk of more familiar cancers, and make it easier to communicate these risks to patients, guiding them in rational decisions about screening procedures.”
he cautioned however, that if patients are experiencing alarm symptoms such as trouble swallowing, unintentional weight loss, or vomiting, they should seek medical care immediately, as these symptoms could be due to a cancer already present in the esophagus.… read more »



                    posted in %1$s                






people in committed relationships are happier

 by tabattmorago  |
                     march 28, 2019
 |  no comments
 |  seniors network


 


newswise — people in relationships are generally happier than other people, a new cornell university study finds. and spouses have the highest sense of well-being, whether they are happily married or not.
the study of measures of well-being and happiness found that people who cohabit are next on the scale of happiness, followed by those in steady relationships and then those in casual relationships. unpartnered people report the lowest levels of well-being.
the bottom line, say the cornell researchers, is that having a romantic relationship makes both men and women happier — and the stronger the relationship’s commitment, the greater the happiness and sense of well-being of the partners.
“some commitment appears to be good, but more commitment appears to be even better,” said claire kamp dush, a postdoctoral fellow with the evolving family theme project of the institute for social sciences at cornell and first author of one of the few studies to examine well-being across the relationship continuum. the study was published in a recent issue of the journal of social and personal relationships (22:5, 2005).
interestingly, even those in relatively unhappy marriages appear to benefit from being married, kamp dush said, perhaps because they benefit from marriage’s stability, commitment and social status.
“even when controlling for relationship happiness, being married is associated with higher self-esteem, greater life satisfaction, greater happiness and less distress, whereas people who are not in stable romantic relationships tend to report lower self-esteem, less life satisfaction, less happiness and more distress,” she explained.
“in general, people appear to feel better about themselves and their lives when they move into a more committed relationship,” she added.
in analyzing whether happier individuals are more likely to enter into committed relationships or if committed relationships actually improve well-being, the researchers found that moving into committed relationships makes people happier. “those most likely to move into more committed relationships were actually those who reported lower levels of well-being when first surveyed,” kamp dush said. “therefore, if they were using committed relationships as a strategy to improve their well-being, it appeared to work.”
kamp dush and co-author paul amato of pennsylvania state university analyzed data from the study of marital instability over the life course that included telephone interviews with 691 individuals in 1992 and 1997. well-being was assessed with measures of self-esteem, life satisfaction, general happiness and distress symptoms.
studying romantic relationships — which range from casual dating to marriage — is important, kamp dush noted, because such relationships have the potential to affect people’s mental health, physical health, sexuality and financial status.
the study was supported, in part, by the national institute on aging and the population research institute of pennsylvania state university with core support from the national institute of child health and human development.… read more »



                    posted in %1$s                






governor signs bills to prevent elder abuse in illinois

 by tabattmorago  |
                     february 7, 2019
 |  no comments
 |  elder abuse, older worker, seniors network


 


“when i hear about cases of people taking advantage of elderly people or physically abuse of the elderly, i feel a mix of shock, disbelief and outrage,” blagojevich told a group of more than 200 people at the effingham senior center on the final day of his three-day tour of east-central illinois.
one piece of legislation adds emergency medical technicians and paramedics to the list of professionals able to report abuse. another measure allows professionals who willfully fail to report suspected abuse to be charged with a
misdemeanor. advisory boards for doctors, dentists and dental hygienist can sanction those who fail to report elder abuse.
“elder abuse happens in every community and every economic and social category,” said charles johnson, director of the state department of aging. “the abuse is usually from family members and is often not reported.”
blagojevich said the average victim is 79 years old and often a female. the governor also cited statistics that four out of five abusers are family members with substance abuse problems.
the new laws would keep abusers from getting an inheritance from their victims.
“they don’t belong behind the wheel of a new car,” blagojevich said. “they shouldn’t be basking in the shade in the caribbean.”
margot means of effingham county said she supports the new laws. “i’m glad they’re taking steps to investigate more fully,” means said.… read more »



                    posted in %1$s                






pharmas payback

 by tabattmorago  |
                     september 26, 2018
 |  no comments
 |  older worker, seniors network


 


this is yet another example of the influence of  big pharmaceutical companies over our elected officials. and this $2 million year a job is just one of many for which the pharmas are paying such sums…all the while citing the need for high us prices to fund r&d.  read on to find out how pharmaceutical companies work in dc.
government ethics the k street shuffle, or how a congressman who opposes price controls on pharma is rewarded
reprinted from the st. louis post-dispatch

in 1995, then house republican whip tom delay of texas and conservative activist grover norquist launched what they called their “k street project.” the idea: for republicans to take over the big lobbying firms as successfully as they already had taken hold of the house of representatives.
mr. delay and mr. norquist, who own four of the sharpest elbows in washington, pushed relentlessly. they went after not only campaign contributions for gop candidates, but also high-paying jobs for members of congress who wanted to enter the private sector. their message was clear: if you want to get along with us, get yourself some republicans.
nine years into the project, k street – whose shiny office towers are home to so many of the nation’s trade associations – has turned republican red. the symbiosis is in full flower and the revolving door is spinning merrily.
consider: last year rep. billy tauzin, r-la., the chairman of the house energy and commerce committee, led the fight to keep price controls out the new medicare prescription drug benefit bill. the government will be underwriting the cost of drugs for senior citizens, and the pharmaceutical industry wanted to make sure the government paid the going, exorbitant, rate. thanks in no small part to mr. tauzin’s efforts, price controls were outlawed. nor is the government even allowed to try to negotiate volume discount p s will pay more for the program. either way, big pharmaceuticals comes out way ahead.
now, by sheerest of coincidences, mr. tauzin has decided to retire from congress. and who should come along to offer him a nice office a block north of k street and a reported $2 million annual salary but the pharmaceutical research and manufacturers of america?
predictably, democrats are outraged. “if you want to know the price of selling seniors down the river, it’s approximately $2 million a year,” said house minority leader nancy pelosi of california.
even some conservatives are ticked off. in a column headlined “republican rot” on the wall street journal’s online editorial page, conservative author john fund wrote, “one way you can tell that republicans have become the dominant political party in washington is to watch them cash in.”
to be sure, since the founding of the republic, democrats, republicans – and before them, whigs – have been cashing in on government service. mr. tauzin added a new wrinkle, lobbying for a lobbying job even before he announced his retirement, playing the motion picture association of america against the pharmaceutical manufacturers and driving his price up.
also new is the methodical, systematic and shameless approach that mr. delay and mr. norquist have taken to all of this. they have taken influence-peddling out of the dark corners where it skulked for 225 years and brought it into the bright light of day. they’re betting that a jaded and cynical public no longer expects anything better. what’s worse, they may be right.rices. this means either that seniors will get fewer benefits.… read more »



                    posted in %1$s                






massachusetts study shows fraud among credit counseling firms

 by tabattmorago  |
                     september 26, 2018
 |  no comments
 |  older worker, seniors network


 


more than 75 percent of the credit counseling services operating in massachusetts are doing so illegally, according to a report from a senate committee scheduled to be released today.
credit counseling agencies in the state are supposed to be nonprofit organizations, but more than 75 percent operate for profit, according to a statement from the office of sen. cheryl jacques (d-needham), chairwoman of the senate post audit committee.
jacques is expected to call on the legislature today to update the laws governing the credit counseling industry in the state.
“current regulations are inadequate to control a more aggressive generation of (credit counseling) agencies,” the statement said.
jacques’ staff would not release a copy of the report yesterday, and would not provide further details on the findings.
the report comes at the end of a six-month study of the industry, which works with people to turn around bad credit histories.
“credit counseling agencies should be regulated,” said mel stiller, executive director of consumer credit counseling service of southern new england. the nonprofit group works with people with poor credit in massachusetts, rhode island and connecticut.
stiller said he would like to see the state require credit counseling services to be licensed to do business here.
consumer advocates said the people seeking credit counseling are often vulnerable and need all the protection the law can provide.
“given the economic downturn, more consumers will be in need of counseling,” said deirdre cummings, consumer advocate at the massachusetts public interest research group. “these are the people who are trying to do the right thing and straighten out their credit.”
cummings had not seen the report, but said she “could only guess this is an industry ripe for abuse.”
many people are attracted to credit counselors by the abundance of advertisements, many of which promise consumers both a turnaround in credit problems and extra cash on hand, cummings said.
“yet they are probably getting deeper into debt because the product they are buying is not adequate,” she said.… read more »



                    posted in %1$s                






american legion blasts lack of ‘moral fiber’  in protecting veteran benefits

 by tabattmorago  |
                     january 30, 2018
 |  no comments
 |  older worker, seniors network


 


the following statement was released today by the american legion:
“where has the moral fiber of the u.s. congress gone?”
that is the question ronald f. conley, national commander of the american legion is asking after the house of representatives removed $1.8 billion in health care funds for medical treatment of veterans, funds that were previously approved by the same body. “these lawmakers agreed on $27.1 billion in april. now they pass a bill in july that is $1.8 billion short of that. this is a moral outrage,” conley said.
“how can members of the house of representatives possibly cut veterans health care funds as america’s men and women are fighting and dieing every day in the war on terrorism?” conley asked.
“i was at the u. s. army hospital in landstuhl, germany where three plane loads of wounded arrived every day.
“just a week ago i visited with wounded military men and women in walter reed army hospital, a short cab ride from capitol hill. the heroes i met i will remember forever. a young man from micronesia, a triple amputee. another from pennsylvania, my home state, who lost both eyes and parts of one hand and a leg. still another, just 21-years-old missing a right leg,” conley related.
“i visited more than 60 va medical facilities in the past 10 months. while they provide great care, they are starving for money,” conley said.
“removing the agreed upon funding from the final bill is outrageous! every american should understand that at a time when our nation is fighting a war on terrorism members of the house have provided funding to restore a theater in west virginia, build a science center at a university in new york and more than 1,000 home district projects. veterans deserve better than being considered pigs at the trough,” conley said.
“in our nation’s history tens of millions have returned from war changed. some physically. some emotionally. all needing medical care. cutting health care funding for veterans while the battle still rages is unprecedented in history. normally, it is a few years after the guns fall silent before lawmakers forget who purchased our freedom. today, u.s. lawmakers have forgotten — and the guns still roar. why don’t they jump in a cab and go to walter reed and look these wounded heroes in the eye? then go back to capitol hill and try to live with themselves?
“i urge every american to contact their lawmakers in the house to express their outrage at this failure to do what is morally right,” conley said.… read more »



                    posted in %1$s                





posts navigation
1
2
next
 







we care about yougovernor signs bills to prevent elder abuse in illinois100-year-olds polled on secret of successful agingpeople in committed relationships are happierbest dating apps for seniors: how to find the perfect online matchpharmas paybackesophageal cancer risk lower than expected for gerd patientsamerican legion blasts lack of ‘moral fiber’  in protecting veteran benefitsarchives

may 2022
july 2021
july 2020
february 2020
january 2020
march 2019
february 2019
september 2018
january 2018
november 2017

categories

elder abuse

esophageal cancer

fling

older worker

seniors network

sex for seniors

sexbook

uncategorized










todays seniors network  2025 . powered by wordpress








