















millcreek township, pa | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













 









 
 
 


    how do i...      explore      township services      departments      government  


 

 

 

 

 



 












search







 
 
 






 















 






  
 
 

 












search







 
 
 










    





 
 
 





 














pay online








subscribe tonotifications








report aconcern










 
 
 

























 














popular servicesquickly find what you are looking for
 






  
 
 














parks & recreation+ class registration








permits








police & safety








communication+press releases & blog










 
 














trash & recycling








agendas & minutes








planning& development








your millcreek e-newsletter










 
 
 



 














news & announcementsstay up-to-date with the latest press releases & notifications
 






  
 
 















applications now open for the 2025 ecato scholarship 


the erie county association of township officials (ecato) and the erie county association of municipal administrators are proud to announce the opening of the 2025 ecato scholarship program.						read on...







press release. millcreek township advances property assessment for zem zem shrine club 


millcreek township board of supervisors unanimously voted to move forward with the evaluation of the zem zem shrine club and its 42-acre property at 2525 west 38th street following a letter of intent signed on december 31, 2024.						read on...







millcreek township supports school safety with retired police vehicle donation 


millcreek township is pleased to partner with the millcreek township school district (mtsd) in a joint effort to strengthen school safety.						read on...







press release: millcreek township hiring full-time diesel mechanic 


millcreek township is seeking a skilled diesel mechanic to join our team in a full-time capacity. this position plays a vital role in maintaining and repairing vehicles and mechanical equipment across all township departments.						read on...







press release: tucker to receive major promotion at mpd 


tucker, the millcreek police department’s 2-year-old ptsd service dog, has quickly become a beloved member of the community and the department since starting his career in late 2024.						read on...







press release: wm service update and winter tips for residents 


waste management (wm) acknowledges the challenges residents have faced due to recent record-breaking snowfall, which has resulted in service cancellations over the past two weeks.						read on...







nwpa shop with a hero brings joy to millcreek students 


the nwpa shop with a hero program brought smiles and holiday cheer to millcreek on thursday, december 9, 2024, during the area’s largest single-day event at west ridge road walmart in erie county.						read on...







press release: millcreek township to invest in residents, expand parks and recreation 


millcreek supervisors approved a letter of intent (loi) indicating their interest in acquiring the zem zem temple property. this loi begins a five-month due diligence and public input process to assess the potential purchase.						read on...







sign up for our e-newsletter 


consistent with millcreek’s new mission and vision, this newsletter offers an opportunity for the community to receive information directly from the township.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 





 instagram
 facebook
 x




 instagram





        view this profile on instagram            millcreek township (@millcreektownship) • instagram photos and videos 




 facebook
















 x





tweets by millcreektown 






 
 
 



 








 
 














video spotlightssee what's happening in the millcreek community!
 






  
 













millcreek goes back to school on tuesday, sep. 3: learn about the new ai powered bus patrol cameras on millcreek township school district busses. millcreek supervisor kim clear, mtsd assistant superintendent trevor murnock and millcreek police patrolman ben bastow give us valuable information going into the school year, both about the new cameras and bus safety in general.
 






  
 













mission, vision, values and about







board of supervisors







departments









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














community calendarfind events and opportunities to get involved
 






  
 









february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




 
 
 
 
 
 
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 












mon, feb. 17  

president's day 



mon, feb. 17  

washington's birthday 



wed, feb. 19  

pension committee mtg







tue, feb. 25  

supervisors' meeting 



wed, feb. 26  

zoning hearing board 






view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







3608 w 26th streeterie, pa 16506 phone: 814-833-1111hours: mon - fri 8:00am - 4:30pm
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







mission, vision, values and about



employment opportunities 



board of supervisors 



departments 









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







using this site







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 







government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close






















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









