

department of computer science : slu - saint louis university


























 














skip to main content




back to main
school of science and engineering



saint louis university
_
school of science
and engineering

toggle menu

about
academics
student resources
faculty
research



back to main
resources for you


parents and families
alumni
donors
current students
faculty and staff
slu-madrid





request info
visit
apply
give



toggle search
search

search




popular searches


slu people finder


academic programs


slu libraries


myslu login


slu bookstore


academic calendar










school of science and engineering

request info
visit
apply
give


toggle search
search

search




popular searches


slu people finder


academic programs


slu libraries


myslu login


slu bookstore


academic calendar



toggle menu
school of science and engineering









about
academics
student resources
faculty
research
toggle menu



department of computer science




home » school of science and engineering » academics » department of computer science




department of computer science
the saint louis university department of computer science is committed to the development
                  and study of computing technologies for the greater good of humanity.



hear about the department of computer science from faculty members.
about the department
at the undergraduate level, our students gain technical skills that allow them to
                  creatively develop computational solutions to complex problems, relying on both in-depth
                  knowledge of computing systems and computer science theory. our curriculum provides
                  flexibility so that students choose advanced electives that shape their education
                  to meet diverse career goals (e.g., computer security, artificial intelligence, high-performance
                  computing, software engineering). 
at the graduate level, we offer master's programs in computer science, software engineering,
                  artificial intelligence, and an interdisciplinary master of science in bioinformatics
                  and computational biology. furthermore, we offer accelerated bachelors/masters curricula
                  that allow a student to complete both an undergraduate computer science major or minor
                  and one of our master's programs in a combined five years.
student engagement is a priority at both the undergraduate and graduate levels. this
                  begins in the classroom, where a typical class has 20-30 students and meets regularly
                  in one of our computer labs. this format allows for plenty of student-faculty interaction,
                  student teamwork and project-based learning. the student engagement continues through
                  innovative capstone projects and with students working directly with faculty members
                  on research projects (in several cases with students presenting their results at conferences).
our department faculty are renowned scholars and educators who lead these activities.
                  they design and deliver the educational experiences, and are the principal investigators
                  in cutting-edge research. collectively the faculty serve in leadership positions at
                  professional organizations, publish and present their work in the top national and
                  international venues, have created and presented innovative educational techniques,
                  and have authored textbooks used by hundreds of institutions worldwide.
research in the department is funded by grants from both government and private organizations.
                  recently funded projects include exploration of:

plant root reconstruction from 3d imaging
serverless architectures for integration of geospatial data involving missouri agriculture
resilient network-edge computing that can be deployed in man-made or natural disasters
large-scale metagenomic analysis using cloud computing
development of a virtual reality interface for command of uavs
shape analysis and reconstruction from 3d point clouds
mobile computing for real-time data collection in a study of alcohol use among college
                     students
computational linguistics to support endangered languages
innovative training in bioinformatics
core algorithmic research in computational geometry and topology





explore this sectionexplore this section
programs & coursescoursesfaculty & staffstudent resourcescomputing resourcesinternships & careersscholarships & awardscomputer science research



leadership
min choi, ph.d.department chair
contact us

220 n. grand blvdst. louis, mo 63103357 ritter hall314-977-6667cs@slu.edu
join us
computer science is an exciting area and we warmly welcome new members to our community
                        and are strongly committed to increasing diversity and inclusion. perhaps you'd like
                        to join us.
as a faculty member
saint louis university's department of computer science is seeking applicants for
                        multiple computer science faculty positions. applicants are welcome for both tenure-track
                        and non-tenure-track positions; rank commensurate with experience.
learn more
as a graduate student
read more about our choice of graduate programs.
as an undergraduate student
read more about our existing undergraduate programs. if you would be a new first-time or transfer student to slu, contact undergraduate admissions. if you are an existing slu student and interested in discussing our majors and minors,
                        please reach out to the department in ritter 357 or email us at cs@slu.edu.
as a student in our classes
we offer several great introductory classes for students in other majors who would
                        like to learn about how computing can open up possibilities.
computer science degrees by the numbers

3
undergraduate programs + one minor

5
graduate programs + 14 accelerated minor or bachelor’s to master's programs









internships & careers in computer science
saint louis university can help you find hands-on experience in your chosen field
                     and connect you with resources to put you on a path to employment after — or even
                     before — graduation.



learn more









diversity and inclusion


as an institution, saint louis university has a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion. within the department of computer science, we echo those goals while recognizing
                     the particular need to broaden participation in computing, in our department, in our
                     classes, and in the computing profession and society. we recognize not only the imperative
                     of valuing diversity and inclusiveness, but that all members of our community (faculty,
                     staff, and students) must be active participants in supporting and advocating for
                     these goals.
the challenges in building and supporting diversity in the field of computing are
                     well established. while there has been strong progress in recent years (both locally
                     and nationally), there is certainly need for much greater progress in the future.
                     our goal of inclusiveness takes many forms:

we strive for academic diversity as we see computer science providing value and empowerment to students in all majors
                        (not just those majoring in computer science). one way we support this goal is by
                        providing an innovative set of introductory courses that demonstrate the use of computing in a variety of domains, while doing so without
                        any prerequisite requirements for enrollment. another is by having our computer science
                        majors participate in capstone projects, many of which apply the techniques of computer
                        science to advance interdisciplinary projects.


we strive for demographic diversity in our student body, our faculty, and the field of computing in general. this includes
                        diversity of gender, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation and identity, and socioeconomic
                        background. active steps we can take can foster a strong sense of community on campus,
                        for example, through programs such as the program to  support first-generation college students. we can also contribute to the pipeline of a new generation of computer scientists
                        through outreach to the community, most notably with our presence within the diverse
                        city of st. louis. for example, globalhack vi, held at slu's chaifetz arena in 2016, focused on using technology to provide solutions
                        surrounding homelessness, and globalhack vii in 2018 focused on supporting foreign-born individuals and communities.


we strive for inclusiveness in terms of ability and disability. we also recognize that as computer scientists
                        we have the ability to contribute to the development of assistive technologies that
                        can greatly enable individuals. these might include voice controls, screen readers,
                        prosthetics, navigation, software to improve organization, and wearable devices with
                        smart monitoring. here at slu, computer science students and faculty have worked with
                        jenna gorlewicz, ph.d.,, a mechanical engineer whose specialty is the use of haptic devices and human-machine
                        interactions.

advisory board
slu's computer science advisory board is a group of professionals drawn from a wide
                     variety of computing careers, whose goal is to offer insights into the fast-paced
                     and rapidly changing field of computer science. the advisory board's duties include
                     a review of the department's academic portfolio and advancing university/industry
                     partnerships in areas of research, innovation, and student mentorship and development.


                               joseph busateri 
                              
joseph busateridirector of information technologycentene corporationadvisory board member since 2019
joseph busateri, has over 30 years of experience in the technology industry. he has
                              held leadership positions at fortune 100 companies in the u.s., including mastercard
                              and centene corporation. he is currently the director of information technology at
                              centene, leading provider data systems teams; devops, machine learning, ai, agile
                              transformation, architecture, and mergers and acquisition data migrations. he is an
                              inventor holding two u.s. patents in the technology space. he is committed to innovation
                              and was quoted in the new york times and several technology trade magazines for innovative
                              application of social platforms in the workplace. he is a husband and father of five
                              children.


eric druker
eric drukerdata science directorfacebookadvisory board member since 2019
eric druker is the data science director - central integrity at facebook. eric believes
                              the democratization of data empowers anyone with curiosity and analytic training to
                              discover insights that can profoundly change the world and can regularly be found
                              championing this view in person at conferences and over the air on his frequent radio
                              appearances. with three young children and a busy work schedule, eric relaxes by staying
                              up all night in his backyard applying his technical skillset to his passion for deep
                              space astrophotography.


jeff heaton ph.d.
jeff heaton ph.d.vice president, data sciencerga reinsurance companyadvisory board member since 2019
as vice president, data science in rga reinsurance company’s global research and data
                              analytics department, jeff heaton works primarily with modeling risk for underwriting
                              systems using electronic health records. in this role, jeff’s it background allows
                              him to bridge the gap between complex data science problems and proven software development.
                              jeff joined rga in 2001 as a member of the information technology (it) group to design
                              and implement systems for retrocession administration and premium calculation and
                              transitioned to a data science role in 2013. he is a frequent speaker and author for
                              organizations such as the society of actuaries (soa), the institute of electrical
                              and electronics engineers (ieee), and for academic journals. jeff has authored several
                              books on artificial intelligence and teaches a graduate course at washington university
                              in st. louis on this subject. jeff is a senior member of the ieee and a fellow of
                              the life management institute (flmi). he holds a master of information management
                              (mim) degree from washington university in st. louis and a ph.d. in computer science
                              from nova southeastern university.


kelly hopson
kelly hopsondirector, modern software engineering1904labs
as practice lead and director of modern software engineering at 1904labs, kelly hopson
                              and her team develop and implement cloud-native software solutions, web and mobile
                              applications, and modern devops for clients across a diverse array of industries,
                              including leaders in the financial and healthcare sectors. a st. louis native, kelly
                              relocated to chicago where she graduated cum laude from depaul university and later
                              developed applications for the united states airforce while working at isobar, a digital
                              experience agency. other past clients include centene, bayer, bloomberg and transunion.
                              a leader with a passion for technology and people, kelly’s work is inspired by a user-centered
                              design approach and an ever-evolving tech stack. 


ryan mcgrail
ryan mcgraildirector of technology architecture & strategyedward jones
ryan mcgrail has nearly 25 years of experience in the technology industry. a st. louis
                              native and alumnus of saint louis university, he has spent his professional career
                              at edward jones in various roles to enable delivery of solutions that enhance the
                              digital experience for the firm's clients and branch teams. ryan has held various
                              leadership positions, from platform operations to application enablement to enterprise
                              architecture. he is currently responsible for architecture and strategy, which includes
                              enterprise data/information, application, and technology architecture, and oversees
                              technology-driven digital strategy initiatives. ryan has a passion for digital transformation
                              and has led efforts to adopt open source, cloud computing, devops, agile/product management,
                              engineering excellence, and application modernization and platform migration. he is
                              a husband and a father of five children, is active in his parish, and enjoys traveling
                              with family and all things tech.


nate mckie
nate mckievp of application servicesworld wide technologyadvisory board member since 2019
after serving as cto for nearly 20 years at the custom software development shop known
                              as asynchrony, nate transitioned to vice president and general manager of application
                              services (asynchrony’s new name) within wwt in 2019. as vp and gm, he is responsible
                              for the continued financial and operational success and growth of the division. with
                              his extensive experience and passion for this field, this role has proven to be a
                              natural progression for nate. throughout his career, he has worked on significant
                              global integration projects and has direct experience in a broad range of financial
                              services companies, including finance companies, insurance, and mortgage banking.
                              in 2003, nate became interested in agile as a way of harnessing the amazing r&d work
                              that asynchrony was doing into a mature process that could create ready-to-ship applications
                              for our customers. since then, wwt application services has become a leading practitioner
                              of agile techniques and ideas and has spread the disciplines of quality code and rapid
                              implementation throughout its commercial and government customer base. wwt has more
                              recently been branching out to other software solutions to help customers as well,
                              including devops consulting, real-time performance monitoring, and coaching in agile
                              transformation and adoption.


david schuehler, d.sc.
david schuehler, d.sc.chief architectexegy
david schuehler, d.sc. has over 30 years of experience developing real-time systems
                              for the financial, defense and healthcare industries, specializing in system architecture,
                              software development, communication protocols, embedded systems and hardware accelerated
                              solutions. he is an inventor with 18 patents and received the st. louis business journal
                              technology award and forty under 40 award. david is the chief architect at exegy,
                              the global leader in low-latency market data, execution systems, predictive trading
                              signals and hardware-accelerated financial data processing.


ebony williams
ebony williamsassociate director - technologyat&tadvisory board member since 2019
ebony williams leads management professionals in the st. louis region on behalf of
                              at&t's technology development program. the technology development program is dedicated
                              to securing talented, highly qualified and extremely motivated students and college
                              graduates in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (stem) fields. ebony's
                              responsibilities include talent recruitment, job placement, new employee training,
                              career development, coaching, supervision and day-to-day operations of the program.
                              ebony is a st. louis native and holds a bachelor of science degree from southern illinois
                              university - edwardsville, a certificate in telecommunications management from the
                              university of dallas and a master of business administration degree from washington
                              university in st. louis. ebony has received numerous leadership awards locally and
                              nationally including the women of color stem award in detroit and the white house
                              summit nominated change maker award in washington, dc.





mission statement
in meeting this mission, we are committed to:
providing an outstanding education in all aspects of modern computer science, thereby
      preparing our majors for productive careers in the field or for further graduate studies
serving students who major in other disciplines with the computational knowledge and
      skills that are required for success in their chosen fields
instilling in our students the value of lifelong learning and continuing professional
      development
advancing knowledge in the field of computer science through research, and involving
      students in this work as an essential complement to traditional teaching activities
promoting an awareness in our students of ethical issues that arise in computer science,
      and the importance of extending the benefits of computing technology to underprivileged
      communities, locally and globally
did you know?u.s. news & world report says information security analyst, software developer and
   data scientist are three of the top 10 best jobs in america for 2022, considering
   salary, current and future job prospects, stress levels and other factors. other jobs
   high on the list include it manager, computer systems analyst, web developer, database
   administrator and computer network architect. 


  
next steps to sluready to take the next step? request more information, schedule a visit or apply for admission.

request info
visit campus
apply






saint louis university














higher purpose. greater good.

quick links

myslu
campus map
work at slu
a-z directory
emergency info
disclaimer



resources for you

parents and families
alumni
donors
current students
faculty and staff
slu-madrid


request information
st. louis, missouri, and 
            						 madrid, spain




         					copyright © 1818-2025 saint louis university
facebook
instagram
linkedin
twitter
snapchat








youtube
tiktok
















©

