




joseph stalin's journal




































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































joseph_stalin
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














joseph_stalin







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







joseph stalin's journal 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 7 most recent journal entries recorded in
joseph stalin's livejournal:


sunday, july 4th, 200412:32 pm
comrades! oh what times!adolf, himmler, and i have been so busy the past year! i don't even know where to begin! since last december we have been in communication with many of our former party members from russia and germany. saddam's defense team contacted us right after he was captured and we have been instructing them in the finer points of genocide defense law.he did what he had to do to secure his own power. what is wrong with that? would not any leader worth anything do the same, no?those kurds were a plague. a vermin on his country. mr hussein was a good leader. the kind of leader any country should be proud to have! he makes me fondly think of the glory days in the 30s and 40s when leaders actually did something. sure, mr bush is trying to bring his country under a totalitarian state but he still allows all those pesky opposition traitors to live! what kind of message does that send?oh! look at the time! it's vodka o' clock!good afternoon friends!-uncle joe 
(4 comments |comment on this)monday, may 12th, 200312:57 am
meditations on the fall of western civilization i think the degeneration has something to do with rock n roll, no?that is what your christian propagandists always spout off about. theirconservative worldviews cannot accept anything differnt from the status quo.we never had any dissent such as this in the motherland. when ignorancereared its ugly head, it was met in the back of the neck with a bullet from a loyal party official. in some ways, i think we were more advanced thanyour society, no? it is a shame the great social experment fell victim tothe capatalistic mechanations of your republican czars. i miss the good old days.*sniff*uncle joe has had too much vodka tonight. i think it time for bed beforei get too teary-eyed. *sniff* -joe 
(3 comments |comment on this)thursday, may 1st, 20031:19 am
ha! ha! the dante's inferno test has banished you to the sixth level of hell - the city of dis!here is how you matched up against all the levels:levelscorepurgatory (repenting believers)very lowlevel 1 - limbo (virtuous non-believers)very lowlevel 2 (lustful)very highlevel 3 (gluttonous)very highlevel 4 (prodigal and avaricious)very highlevel 5 (wrathful and gloomy)extremelevel 6 - the city of dis (heretics)extremelevel 7 (violent)highlevel 8- the malebolge (fraudulent, malicious, panderers)very highlevel 9 - cocytus (treacherous)very hightake the dante's inferno hell testi would have thought level 7! i guess i am not violent enough! 
(4 comments |comment on this)saturday, april 26th, 20033:14 am
vodka and hookers friday night was good to me!'hey baby, have you ever made it with a ruthless dicktator?'those women! they always go for that one! ha!my little blue friend sure keeps this russian front up!vodka vodka vodka 
(1 comment |comment on this)sunday, april 20th, 200312:24 pm
happy birthday to aldolf! oh it is such a day! hitler had no idea we were throwing him a party! he hobbled on down to the luftwaffe bar this morning and he walked in the door and we all jumped out and yelled surprise!!! the look on his face was priceless! he looked like he had just heard about another dunkirk! the next few hours were nothing but drinking and smoking up. and reminiscing about old times. *sigh* today's problems just seem so convoluted. whatever happened to simple world domination? the us is making a big resurgance and has some potential, but those morals it claims to adhere to keeps weighing it down. *sigh* they need to rehire me as an 'outside advisor' i will help them to become to dominant world power. that ashcroft and rumsfeld seem to have the right idea. if they keep strippinga way those pesky civil liberties soon the country will be ripe for a 'temporary military state'oh well, back to vodka! 
(1 comment |comment on this)tuesday, april 8th, 20031:02 am
baghdad if i had these images back in 42, stalingrad would have been much easier to hold onto! this is amazing! hitler and i have been watching this whole war on the satellite hookup down at the 'luftwaffe bar' if we would have had this technology...the gulags would have been bursting! 
(3 comments |comment on this)monday, april 7th, 20031:56 am
comrades! welcome my comrades!i am happy that i have finally mastered this internet! i have been living happily in chile with some old ss buddies since my 'death' (chuckle) in 1953. i celebrated my 123 birthday last december. it is amazing what a steady diet of royal jelly and fresh fruits and vegatables can do! i will try and give an update as to what i have been up to these years, but i am a paid 'consultant' for the u.s. government at the moment! we will liberate the american people from the encumberance of civil liberties soon! but now i need to go enjoy a facial mud mask treatment.-uncle joe 
(1 comment |comment on this)






about livejournal.com































