











welcome - friends of front street shelter
























































 


















skip to content















about
programs
events

all events
front street brewfest
tails at twilight gala


impact
get involved
ways to give
contact
 

search





adopt


donate
 







get involved



with your help, we can support pets and their people in our sacramento community

make a donation
subscribe














about
friends of front street is the partner nonprofit of the city of sacramento front street animal shelter. our programs support pets and their people both inside the front street shelter and in the larger community!

about us
















your gift matters
our partnership with the front street animal shelter provides funding for shelter needs to supplement the budget provided by the city of sacramento, but the need (and our support) doesn’t stop there! your donations enable us to provide both funds and administrative support for collaborative programs which expand the reach of front street’s animal welfare efforts in the sacramento community. 









community catspay & neuter





vet support





lifetime hospice care











adopt a pet
looking to adopt?
check out available pets at front street!

adopt




rehome a pet
connect with people looking to adopt!

rehome










adoption process

visit the shelter or view the animals online to find one you’d like to meet! (we recommend having more than one animal you’re interested in meeting, in case your first choice is adopted by someone.)
join the electronic waitlist using your phone and follow the instructions on signs in front of and throughout the shelter.
the waitlist opens at 11:30 am and you must be at the shelter to join. customers will be helped in the order they join the waitlist. if you need assistance adding yourself to the waitlist, just ask our front desk staff for help!











impact
your donations make it possible for us to support animal welfare across the sacramento region! our programs have a targeted impact for thousands of animals each year. 

more details












used to treat emergency medical needs for pets, who may otherwise have been surrendered or euthanized



free-roaming cats spayed & neutered



pets being transferred to area rescues received grant funding to support their medical or behavioral rehabilitation



used to support specialty vet care for front street shelter pets in need







success stories




 


dana & angel angel

when dana’s dog angel suffered injuries after an encounter with a stray dog, she worried she would lose her. now angel is back to her usual mischief! 








 


kelly & mac mac

mac is kelly’s best friend, and when he became very sick she was so afraid. 








 


horvath family & panda panda

after suffering a terrifying attack by a neighbor’s dog, panda needed help. his family was so grateful!








 


dennis & markie markie

dennis finds a kindred spirit in a senior dog, markie. 








 


keerah & prince prince

prince’s mom keerah didn’t know where to turn when a suspicious mass appeared. 








 


owner of buggles buggles

buggles urgently needed to see a vet, and his owner’s transportation fell through at the last minute. he not only made it to the appointment, he’s feeling much better now!












rené & peanut peanut

the adoptus program for hospice animals helped get peanut out of the shelter and home with rené, where he is happy and loved.












vanessa & lilo lilo

when a medical emergency threatened lilo’s life, vanessa felt helpless. now her “ride or die” dog is safe and healthy.






















po box 22214
sacramento ca 95822				



email us






organizationabout
programs
success stories
 



quick linksimpact
get involved
adopt
privacy policy
terms of use
 



stay connected



 



federal tax id# 68-0477042













										© 2025 friends of front street shelter. all rights reserved.										website design and development by uptown studios








translate »













