


	home | chickasaw times


































































chickasaw.net


careers
|
calendar
|
weather





      vol. lx, no. 2




    








      february 2025




    



archived e-editions|
online articles|
about|
contact








chickasaw times e-edition








view current e-edition


view archived e-editions






online articles

building partnerships for the common good
throughout the history of the chickasaw nation, working together for the common good of the community has been essential to the chickasaw people.


cherokee, chickasaw and choctaw nations intervene in federal lawsuits
today, the cherokee, chickasaw and choctaw nations moved to intervene in support of u.s. department of justice lawsuits against two oklahoma district attorneys – matt ballard and carol iski – who have continually violated federal law by seeking to prosecute tribal defendants whose cases must be tried in federal or tribal courts.


chickasaw ambassador neal mccaleb dies at 89
neal mccaleb, chickasaw nation ambassador at-large to the united states, who served as assistant secretary for the u.s. department of the interior, indian affairs and was a powerful advocate of first american tribal sovereignty and economic opportunities, died jan. 7.


pontotoc county da erik johnson signs mou with chickasaw nation
pontotoc county district attorney (da) erik johnson and the chickasaw nation are blazing trails for intergovernmental cooperation with a new memorandum of understanding (mou) to help prioritize and ensure proper jurisdiction for prosecuting charges that come before them.

photo galleries from chickasaw.net








december 20, 2024

      elders christmas luncheon
    










november 15, 2024

      elders thanksgiving luncheon
    










november 9, 2024

      veteran's trip to washingto...
    










october 28, 2024

      trick-or-treat event
    




visit chickasaw.net/photos







latest news from chickasaw.net

tuesday, february 11, 2025
the chickasaw nation works to enhance monarch butterfly population
at the chickasaw nation, collaborations come in many shapes and sizes.
one of these collaborations is the planted butterfly gardens in and…


monday, february 10, 2025
staunch supporter of first american health care inducted into american academy of nursing
judy goforth parker, ph.d., aprn, cnp, fache, has dedicated more than half her life to bettering the health of others. 


monday, february 03, 2025
chickasaw student accepted to mit
a dream of attending the prestigious massachusetts institute of technology (mit) turned into reality for chickasaw citizen james eric byrd.



visit chickasaw.net/news





































  ©  
  chickasaw times. all rights reserved. | terms






