


martinez truss company, inc.




















































homeabouttruss manufacturinggallerycontactcall us: 305.883.6261high quality trusses delivered on time and on budget!if you’re a home builder, engineer, architect, or developer, click the link below to get a quick estimate, no matter how big the job is.call us: 305.883.6261what your peers are saying…great company to work with! this is a family owned business that really knows their stuff. everything in our project was seamless from beginning to end. carolina and jason were a pleasure to work with, very responsive and exceeded expectations. highly recommend them!stephanie aringas a construction company who hired martinez truss co several times we can assure you that jason and his team will do their job the best way possible! highly recommended.dekel emunai have known this company for 22 years, they have provided prefab wood trusses for all my residential custom homes and additions at the most competitive price in the miami market, they have a great staff working to make sure i am satisfied every time and want to come back again for my next project! i highly recommend martinez truss if you are a developer or contractor and need quality service and quick turn around!eduardo sotogood turn around time with estimating. price was fair and staff was friendly and helpful. my trusses were delivered on schedule which is a very big deal in this industry. overall a great experienceelisandro g.great service, very knowledgeable and friendly staff...professional company.alvaro arellanothe best best best place in town to go to!!! when you need trusses!!!! carolina is the absolute best!!!!!!gia a.this is by far the best experience i’ve had with any of the contractors working on rebuilding my family’s home. jason was efficient and helpful along the way. we didn’t even have to wait on them, they actually had to wait on us to be ready for the delivery. i had to write a review just to let everyone know that i had an amazing experience working with martinez truss.alejandro morlote.this is the best truss company you can wish for!. martinez truss has been a blessing for our company. they are the most professional truss company and caring about our construction projects. this a company you can really trust!mildred march.call us to get your estimatecopyright © martinez truss co – 2023 terms & conditionsprivacy policydisclaimercontact us

