


papua new guinea info on png research level books, articles on png and educational information on png - buai digital collection - papua new guinea's special library and university of png book shop publications home page
























site contents

pngbuai site news
png general info

development info

bookshops & upng 
disaster awareness

health-hospital-directory

information  links

libraries & archives

catalogs

publications



png philosophy & psychology

png religion

png social sciences

education



png language

png natural sciences

butterflies & insects


png provinces
	
manus province

community views -
	east sepik province



png technology  (applied science)

png arts

png literature

png children's stories



png geography & history

png viewer feedback-survey






university of png
law school courses including constitutional and administrative law











pngbuai.com

papua new guinea
books useful articles & information
 on research level electronic materials
 






i.d.r.c.





png buai seeks to provide a virtual home for a growing collection of research level electronic material on and from papua new guinea.    png buai is sponsored under the idrc's pan initiative

the university of papua new guinea now offers a wide range of new and used books and pubications through its open campuses and franchise network at buy books bookshops
n e w s  &  a n n o u n c e m e nt s

condolence message on the death of the late regis stella from edward p. (ted) wolfers 2012

my family join me in sending our sincere condolences to the family, friends, colleagues and students of the late regis stella following his recent, very sad and untimely death.

the late regis stella was a truly talented man, with creative, critical and analytical  skills in diverse fields of cultural activity.  his interests and insightful articles and books embraced both music, where he wrote a thoughtful account of traditional forms and styles of composition and performance among the banoni people of bougainville, as well as creative writing of which he was author, compiler and editor, and insightful critic.  as an academic analyst and critic, he drew on historical writings as well as contemporary critical analyses to produce work which was remarkable for the breadth, depth, originality and insight of the scholarly research on which it was based.  he was a creative writer, who wrote novels which were well-received by critics and general readers alike.  
 .... click for rest of condolence message



book2buk2  - the concatenation continues 
17th - 18th august 2010, upng waigani campus, main lecture theatre  
"celebrating 40 odd years of bookselling at upng"  


event report for book2buk  
11th - 12th august, 2008 upng waigani campus, by: john evans. manager
upng press and bookshop (nb 230 k pdf file)

article:  publishing ‘homegrown’ papua new guinea books, by: edward p. wolfers, csm cmg professor of politics, univ. wollongong, australia
b o o k 2 b u k   - talking about png books
11th-12th august 2008  - 
 upng waigani campus
book2buk2008[1].doc conference topics schedule

theme - "books:  sources of information, inspiration and education"
goal - to celebrate and advance the role of books in preserving the heritage of papua new guinea 

this meeting is being run in association with the 2008 waigani seminar by upng press and bookshop.
contact email:   upngbooks@gmail.comn john evans at upng bookshop.

list of 1967 - 1997 waigani seminars   
	waiganiseminars1967-97list_published.pdf  note active web url links in 176k pdf document



read the reading habit - a missing link between literacy
and libraries [141 kb pdf file]


search for papua new guinea info on this & other png sites using one of the following:
| new articles on site |  google search |


 * google searches this  site and the web for png info














 search www  search www.pngbuai.com  search www.provenance.ca 








png web site sponsors

pngbuai.com initial sponsorship by canada's idrc
startup funding and publishing support.
(see also www.idrc.ca    the international development research centre, a public corporation created by the canadian government  and www.idrc.org.sg and www.panasia.org.sg  international development research centre, southeast and east asia region.)

png papua new guinea's help resources (inc) wewak, png
previous editorial & publishing support.
(see also help resources - ngo profile 

png atomz.com provided increased  search service quota for pngbuai.com in 2003.  thank you atomz!  
	visit atomz.com to see what they offer as information search and publishing solutions.


associated projects


manusisland.com is a web site promoting the png province of manus.
	

	university of papua new guinea bookshop & publications services bookshop buy books


credits © 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2008, 2011-2013

pngbuai.com  managing editor & publisher  dr. john evans, papua new guinea




web site special photographs

marsha berman, photographer-journalist, png

john evans, upng bookshop
 
contributing writers



web site design & administration & sponsor neal chan   provenance.ca & netpac.com 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2008, 2011-2013 




this website is also in part made possible with the assistance of volunteers from www.canadalegal.info 
and www.canadavisalaw.com for information about canada's legal services and immigration-business lawyers



special "notes section"

condolences to family, friends,  colleagues and students of late regis stella

the late regis stella was a hard-working, thoughtful and thought-provoking researcher, a committed and generous teacher, and a good friend and source of encouragement to others, including myself.  with so much potential still to bear fruit in the various projects on which he had been working - including fresh creative and critical writings of his own, as well as editing of others - he will be missed not only by family, relatives and friends but by the wider community of fellow-teachers, students and readers of papua new guinean literature in universities, schools and homes around the country, and overseas.   researchers and readers of writing about the pacific more generally will grieve at the loss of a multi-talented, thoughtful and thought-provoking, impressively productive colleague.  our sense of loss will also be felt by members of the global community of literary scholars and readers who draw on the late regis stella's insightful and theoretically informed analyses of literature from and about the post-colonial world generally.


when i think back to the promise he displayed when he was a postgraduate student - and friend - at the university of wollongong, and consider the many different, substantial contributions he has since made to education and the enrichment of cultural life in papua new guinea, the acknowledgement expressed in banoni at the start of the book based on his doctoral thesis, imagining the other:  the representation of the papua new guinean subject, comes to mind:   
'thank you ...  you ... have a place in my heart.'  
it is a sentiment which, i am sure, is widely and deeply shared not only by the people here today but by relatives, friends and other people in bougainville, as well as the late regis stella's friends, professional colleagues and students, and many admirers and appreciative readers in other parts of papua new guinea and overseas.


while it is some time since we last met, the late regis stella and i remained in contact by email.   i shall certainly miss his friendship.


to his immediate and extended family, friends, colleagues and students, my sincere condolences on our recent sad loss.   may his soul rest in peace.


edward p. (ted) wolfers, april 2012














see also

 png buai site sponsors
 contact png site admin
 yahoo melanesia egroup
 manusisland.com
 e-mail contact







