














the ex-classics web site main page








 



find books
 

author

index
subject

index
title

index
search site           the ex-classics web site 


book of the

month -- february 2025 




 
the collected poems of richard griffin




richard griffin was born in 1857 on new
york to a family of english extraction. when he was a child, they moved to a
cranberry bog in new jersey. at the age of sixteen he started work as a clerk
in new york city. in his spare time he was involved in amateur theatrical
productions, subsequently becoming a professional actor and touring extensively
throughout the united states and abroad. he served in the spanish-american war
of 1895. according to his own account, he also served in world war i as an
intelligence officer, and arrested a german spy after a punch-up. before and
after this service, he lived in greenwich village and other parts of manhattan,
and wrote poetry which he self-published. from internal evidence it seems
likely that at some stage he spent time in a mental institution. his date of
death is unknown but was subsequent to 1931, the date of his last book.
the poems have a certain quirky charm
which reminds one somewhat of the dada and surrealist poetry, and show maybe
even closer connections to the movies of the marx brothers, w. c. fields, and
the ring lardner of nonsense plays like the
            tridget of greva. they have
a style and charm of their own which has given him a certain cult following.  an acquired taste, maybe -- but one well
worth acquiring.



previous boms




aboutus

the

ex-classics project was founded in 2000 to fill an unmet need.

 when reading the blurb etc. to a book by charles dickens or

charlotte bronte, say, we would often come across sentences

like

"favourite reading included . . ."  if 

it's good enough for them, it's good enough for us. so off we go to the

library or bookshop, to be met first with blank stares and then with

the information that the book has been out of print for decades. our

first two books were gil

blas and hudibras,

which are prime examples of this. this

web site is dedicated to rescuing these works from obscurity and making

them available online, both for reading directly, and for downloading.
what do you think?

any comments about this site or its contents? e-mail us (click here)

we have an occasional newsletter - please say if you want to be added

to the mailing list. we never give out your details to spammers, or

anyone else, for that matter. 
no-copyright

notice 
this

site and its contents are public domain and free to the world. anything

in it may be copied and distributed free of charge or obligation.

[there are one or two exceptions to this,which are clearly marked where

they occur.] we expect this policy to be passed on - anyone who copies

our texts or web pages and tries to claim copyright for themselves is

stealing - not from us, but from you, and from everyone. an example of what we mean.
 



extras

latest additions
in preparation
ex-classics at other web sites




 



