












cognitive science | vassar college
















      skip to main content
    








vassar
vassar college



search



search button






open search






close search








close menu  





actions


apply


visit


give




roles


fearlessly consequential


students


families


 alums


employees





main navigation


about


academics


admission


campus life


athletics


arts


sustainability


news

























 cognitive science









home


courses & requirements


faculty


facilities


contact













vassar’s cognitive science department has the oldest undergraduate cog sci degree-granting program in the world. we invite you to explore minds and intelligence in whatever forms they occur.
we human beings take it for granted that we are possessed of minds. you know that you have a mind and you assume that other people do too. but what, exactly, are we referring to when we talk about the mind? is a mind just a brain? what endows your mind with the property of being conscious? how does your mind allow you to extract music from sound waves, or relish the taste of chocolate, or daydream, or feel happy and sad, or reach for your cup when you want a sip of coffee? are minds directly aware of the world out there? or, when you think that you are perceiving reality, are you just consulting some representation of the world that your mind has built? how similar is your mind to the minds of other people? do you have to be a human being to have a mind? could other entities have minds so long as they were built the right way? does your computer have a mind?
these are the kinds of questions that cognitive scientists want to address. cognitive science is a broadly multidisciplinary field in which philosophers, psychologists, anthropologists, linguists, neuroscientists, biologists, mathematicians, and computer scientists, among others, combine their respective theories, technologies, and methodologies in the service of a unified exploration of mind. the hallmark of the field is a genuinely multidisciplinary outlook in which the perspectives and methods of all of the component disciplines are simultaneously brought to bear upon a particular question.















 go to top of page










vassar




 124 raymond avenue, poughkeepsie, new york 12604






about


academics


admission


campus life


the vassar institute for the liberal arts






 instagram



 facebook



 linkedin



 youtube



 tiktok



 x



 threads



 flickr



 social media directory



 campus calendar








 


learn more about our comprehensive campaign →







annual security and fire safety report


title ix



© 2025 vassar college











