



















university of arizona in tucson, az

















      skip to main content
    













search

search








 



        resources
    

campus map
a-z directory
uaccess
phonebook
future wildcat
weather
news
calendar








 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 





















i am

select your audience

choose an option
a future student
a current student
a faculty or staff member
a parent or visitor
an alumni member
a donor
a business or partner



                go
                 to the page for that group









 



visit


apply










 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


admissions

admissions overview
first-year
transfer
graduate
international
online
returning
non-degree seeking
counselors
professional education & certification
admissions en español



academics

undergraduate majors
graduate programs
colleges & schools
academic resources
health sciences
class registration
libraries
international engagement



research

research, innovation & impact
corporate engagement
research centers
resources for researchers
research opportunities for students
environment & sustainability



student life

student life overview
living on campus
getting involved
amenities
spirit & traditions
all about tucson
academic experience
student stories



about

about arizona
tuition & aid
leadership
purpose, mission & values
faculty awards & honors
strategic plan



news


alumni

arizona alumni
chapters & clubs
arizona loyal



give

support arizona
give today



athletics























university of arizona










 












congratulations, future wildcats!congratulations on your acceptance to the university of arizona. learn about the next steps to officially become a wildcat. bear down!view next steps







 



 
explore the possibilities


 




undergraduate majors


 




graduate students


 




admissions overview


 




tuition & aid 





 




arizona online earns top rankingsarizona online earned top marks in the latest u.s. news & world report rankings, including no. 5 for veterans and no. 12 for online bachelor's programs overall, marking its fifth consecutive year in the top 15% of programs.see all rankings




 
 











your future awaitsfind your degree program – arizona offers more than 150 majors and programs of study in 21 different degree-granting colleges and schools. from the eller college of management to the state's only college of medicine, our exceptional programs and dedicated faculty provide the foundation for your dreams to become reality. not sure where to start? explore your options at the a center to help you find the perfect path.colleges & schools explore options













$1+ billionresearch & discoveryexpenditures (fy24)top 25 flagshipu.s. news & worldreport (2024)55k+ students56,544 enrolledstudents (fall, 2024)









 




what's happening at arizonathe latest news and stories from the university of arizona. 

 













image
 







from service to school: how the u of a supports military-connected students



    read more at university of arizona news
  


















image
 







u of a to help develop national standards for sustainability in higher ed 



    read more at university of arizona news
  


















image
 







see yourself as a scientist at flandrau's newest exhibit 



    read more at university of arizona news
  















more news




 
ways to attend


 







                          main campus
                      



this is wildcat country – a true college town surrounded by mountains in tucson, arizona. hundreds of degree choices; millions of opportunities.tucson









                          online
                      



your education on your schedule. earn the same degree as on-campus students. same faculty. same curriculum. with 100% online flexibility that helps you reach your goals.anywhere









                          near you network
                      



bringing the university of arizona closer to you. locations in chandler, douglas, gilbert, nogales, and yuma that offer an arizona education, across the state.arizona state









                          international
                      



experience world-class education, anywhere. flexible, online programs that create global opportunity and connections – designed for you.international









 




the arizona impactfrom creating climate solutions in the sonoran desert to collecting asteroid samples with nasa through ​​osiris-rex, university of arizona wildcats are making transformational research discoveries in space, the environment, health, the human experience, and more. arizona is a top-ranking, research-focused public institution with hands-on opportunities as early as students’ first year.learn about research










information and resources 


 




scholarships & financial aidfinancial opportunities available from first-year to doctoral students.scholarships & aid


 




academic calendar & deadlinesupcoming dates, deadlines, and things to do to add to your schedule.important dates


 




campus maphow to get to where you need to go on the university of arizona campus.interactive map






 








 
 











see yourself hereembrace the spirit of “bear down” – a funny phrase that wildcats are serious about. discover life at the university of arizona, where hundreds of student clubs and organizations, a community that embraces the wildcats, legendary athletics, and more help you become the best version of you.student life housing virtual tour






















don't miss a momentexplore the latest from the wildcats and the university of arizona on our social media channels. 

 



 







 







 







 







 












image
 







image
 







































footer - main


employment


emergency information


title ix / non-discrimination


campus safety


annual security report


copyright


campus accessibility


contact us


feedback






 


the university of arizona | tucson, arizona 85721 | 520‑621‑2211




















information for


future students


current students


faculty & staff


alumni & donors


parents & visitors


corporations & businesses




topics


about the university


academics


arts & museums


athletics & recreation


campus store


colleges, schools, departments


environment & sustainability


international engagement


health & medical


libraries


research & innovation


purpose, mission & values




resources


a-z directory


calendars


campus map


news


phonebook


weather




connect


facebook


x, formerly twitter


instagram


linkedin


youtube







we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














