

matt barrett's guides to greece and the greek islands




 

















where planning a trip to greece is almost as fun as going there
 hi. welcome to greece travel for 2025, my 30th season of writing my greece travel guides. this is the index for all my greece travel web sites. i attempted to organize it so that people
would
not get lost so easily
and even though some say it is fun to be lost, occasionally you need a place to come back to and get your bearings. this is that place. this is the main index and the links below are secondary indexes which lead to thousands of other pages. you may want to save this page to your favorite places
so you can find
it
again. if you have any questions or can't decide what you want to do or you can't find a page that you were looking for you can always e-mail me. this site contains no cookies or obnoxious pop-up ads or tricks to make you click on something you don't care about. every
page has been created and is edited individually so my greece travel web site is literally handmade. 
 if you enjoy using my greece guides and find this page useful please share it with your friends
on facebook by using the buttons on this, and other pages. 













matt's greece guide


matt's greece
                        travel guides


greek islands 


athens survival guide



mainland 
greece


hotels 
in greece



travel agents & tours


greece itinerary suggestions



why visit 
greece?




archaeological sites



create-an-itinerary



guide to lesvos




articles, stories & info


greek
food


greece photos




sailing in greece



greek island cruises



history of greece



villas and apartments



off-season travel



traveling with children




all matt's
travel
sites


frequently asked questions



greek music




matt's greece blog 2006-14



greece unhinged 1986-96



honeymoon in greece





greek weddings



turkey



matt's greek comics






please help support this guide: when i had to find a way to support my web sites i had 2 choices. i could use modern advertising technology like most sites use with pay-per-click ads all over my pages and spy-ware that collects information and posts the ads each individual reader is most likely to click on. or i could choose to promote a handful of travel agents, and a reliable hotel booking system and keep my sites relatively ad free. no
obnoxious pop-ups, fake news articles, or gathering of information through cookies. i chose the second. if you book through the links on my site i will receive a commission which supports my work. but if you book elsewhere, (like air bnb for example) but still find my website useful i ask you to send a donation through paypal or you can use venmo at venmo.com/matt-barrett-greece
if you prefer to send a check you can email me. any amount helps. thank you for your support! 
you can also my find my travel tips for your greek holidays on tiplr





   




use ferryhopper to find all direct and indirect ferry routes for the islands of greece, spain, italy & turkey, compare ferry companies
& prices, and book cheap ferry tickets with no hidden fees in one go!














my greece travel guide began
as a hobby in 1995 and since then
it has grown in popularity and size.  99% of the material in my guides
was written by myself. i don't have a staff.  i update the site
continuously so unlike a guidebook i don't
have to wait for the next printing to fix a
mistake. people have been asking me how they
can contribute. first of all you can contribute by using the agencies i recommend, found on my  travel agents page.
without their support this site could not
exist. another way to contribute is to help
spread the word about my greece travel guides.
tell your friends. tell your family. tell
strangers on the travel bulletin boards. if
you have your own website or blog make a link.
 if you are on facebook  you can use the button at the bottom of this and many of the other pages. the only way i can compete with the big commercial sites is with your help. if you plan to book hotels on your own without the use of a travel agent you can go through my booking.com affiliate page which i get a small commission
from. 
important note: there is a lot of information on my website and it is all free to anyone whether you booked through the travel agents, the hotels or air bnb. but it is the commissions i get from hotel bookings on my affiliate website with booking.com that supports this website and enable me to continue doing
the work
i enjoy.  so my request to you is that if you are using other sites to book hotels and apartments and using my websites for everything else and are thankful
for the information you have received from it please think about donating whatever you can afford so i can continue to be creative. if you are appreciative of all the free information you get on my websites you can send a donation through paypal or you can use venmo at venmo.com/matt-barrett-greece. 
you can read                 what others have said about my greece guides and the travel agencies and services on my testimonials 
pages
remember if you have
any questions about services, itineraries,
problems or anything having to do with greece
or if you are looking for something on the site and can't find it you can e-mail me
and i will respond
quickly. there is no fee. all info is
free. 
                             i hope to see you in greece! 
matt barrett










help support matt's greece guides
do you enjoy using my site? have you found it entertaining as well as useful? if so please show your appreciation by booking hotels through the travel agencies and the links found on my hotels of greece site. the small commission i make on the bookings enable me to keep working and in most cases you won't find them any cheaper by searching elsewhere.  you can find
hotels in greece by location, price, whether or not it has a swimming pool, and see photos and reviews by using this link to booking.com which also contributes to my website when you book.
join matt barrett's greece travel guides group on facebook for comments, photos and other fun stuff. if you enjoy this website please share it with your friends on facebook. if you are appreciative of all the free information you get on my websites you can send
a donation through paypal or venmo









