










alloy software | top rated itsm and itam solutions

















































































 













products


featured products

   it service management
 it asset management
 it service desk
 software asset management
 network inventory


top capabilities

incident management
change management
cmdb
service catalog
it project management
self-service portal
purchase order management
equipment checkout
work order management
consumable management
mobile physical inventory
network map
switch port mapping
knowledge base
sla management
enterprise service management


platform

workflow automation
mobile apps
automated approvals
universal relationships
cloud and on-premises
performance analytics
dashboards
api
kpis
reports
email ticketing
integrations
itil processes library
–



all products and features
marketplace and integrations



pricing
resources


why alloy

awards
compare us
case studies


solutions by industry and function

healthcare
education
hr service management


for customers

documentation
downloads
support
training


more

news
articles and guides





company




about
contact
careers
partners
legal &  compliance





blog
get started
search




menu


menu

 







automate your it service & asset management
meet the itsm and itam solution that gives you the freedom to manage and improve your it services and assets exactly the way you want, without endless implementations or high costs.





it asset managementmanage your it assets in one place
an ultimate tool for comprehensive it asset management
alloy it asset management helps organizations manage it assets wisely. it provides the ability to gain complete visibility and control over it resources, save costs, and promotes better decisions.
it asset management it asset lifecyclecmdbequipment checkout


itsm and workflow automationeverything you need in it service management
an all-in-one it service management automation software platform
alloy packs amazing power to enhance your itsm operations, automate routine daily tasks, and resolve issues faster than ever.  smart task-oriented workflows reduce errors and elevate productivity and efficiency of your entire team.
it service management  itil processes workflow automation  service catalog


it service deskadaptable and easy-to-use it service desk
service desk software with integrated asset management
enhance your support teams, automate daily tasks and resolve issues faster than ever. with the perfect balance of it service desk, asset management and change management, your service levels will soar.
it service desk ticket management knowledge base self-service portal


network inventoryknow your network inventory
critical information about all types of devices
look around and you’ll quickly find our network inventory auditing capabilities are second to none. gather comprehensive information about your entire organization in a matter of minutes, with no extra software required on your servers or workstations!
network inventory agentless audit software inventory network map




trusted by leaders!






alloy navigator and alloy navigator express – summer 2022 release is now live!



loved by customers



my request for a solution to an integration project involving the navigator ticket system was met with not only an immediate response, but with the sample code i immediately used to have our integration solution easily implemented. alloy software, as usual, went above and beyond in support of their product.
makita usa
your support team has been amazing. they’ve helped every time i’ve had a question and they’ve done so with courtesy each and every time, even when my questions have been a bit of a no-brainer. i recommend alloy to my associates in the it field every chance i get.
freeman
as always i received excellent, knowledgeable and swift assistance. alloy has the best support of any company i have ever worked with.
adis international
the alloy support team has been an enormous help to me during the implementation of alloy navigator. the team has outstanding product knowledge and throughout the process they have always provided me with the right answers.
power and water corporation
i like alloy support because the technicians are knowledgeable and help me get the job done. they are also very friendly and answer questions that i have.
titusville area hospital
the it services and all the solutions of asset management are the best solutions for our company. it allows us to easily manage all of our technicians’ street work and our customers’ inventory management.
 in-solutions
great product!
we have many options to complete the information, to correctly follow up on each case. it is very important to have so much easy to exploit information with many statistical options. the basic handling of the product is very easy. the price they offer us for the amount of functionality we get is wonderful.
mccann
previousnext
read all success stories


top rated itsm and itam solution
alloy software designs smart, innovative, and powerful it management solutions that take organizations to new heights by empowering it teams to achieve incredible results. see how we can help your team succeed!



latest news


alloy navigator 2024 fall release: maintenance 2december 20, 2024/by anna markovaalloy navigator 2024 fall release: maintenance 1december 6, 2024/by anna markovaalloy navigator 2024: the fall release goes live!november 25, 2024/by anna markovaalloy navigator 2024.2: what’s cooking?october 17, 2024/by anna markovathe new self-service portal is coming!august 26, 2024/by alloy softwareai-driven documentation search goes live!july 29, 2024/by anna markovaalloy navigator 2024.1: first maintenance updatejune 21, 2024/by ivan samoyloveffortlessly manage it assets and handle equipment checkouts on mobile!may 31, 2024/by anna markovaload more

alloy by the numbers




20+years of experience


1,500+organizations that rely on alloy


10,000+it professionals who use alloy



1,000,000+users capitalization


1,000,000+computers and devices audited


30+industry awards in 2019-2023


let’s overcome challenges together




start your trial
   

latest newsalloy navigator 2024 fall release: maintenance 2december 20, 2024alloy navigator 2024 fall release: maintenance 1december 6, 2024alloy navigator 2024: the fall release goes live!november 25, 2024productsit service management
it asset management
software asset management | alloy
it service desk software
network discovery and inventory
it project management
resourcesawards
compare us
news
articles and guides
product documentation
support portal
companyabout
contact us
careers
partners
legal & compliance





protected by recaptcha
privacyterms

 





© 2001-2024 copyright - alloy software, inc.  
xfacebooklinkedinlegal
privacy statement
terms of service
end-user license agreement
security statement
sitemap







scroll to top

we use cookies 🍪
we use cookies to optimize the website performance, content, and the overall experienceacceptreject all

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
privacy policyyou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 
privacy statement
accept settingshide notification only 
 




   














