







home - chance rides











































































































































home
products


coasters

family coasters
hypercoaster
hyper gt-x coaster


rides

carousels
freestyle
pharaoh’s fury
revolution 20
wheels

century wheel
giant wheel
caw130 observation wheel
caw160 observation wheel
caw200 observation wheel
r80xl giant wheel


yo-yo


people movers

trains

electric c.p. huntington train
cp huntington train


trams

sunliner ii
tramstar hd




galleries

carousel gallery
products gallery
zoo ideas





services

technical support
customer care service
refurbishments


careers
news

current news
news archives


about

history
factory information
leadership

management team
technical team
chance family


industry links


contact

contact information
faq’s
social media


search




menu


menu

 







the art of movement

coasters
rides
people movers
get our newsletter


“our products deliver fun for the world.”– michael chance

coasters
the art of excitement
chance rides specializes in creating custom layouts to best utilize available terrain and provide a thrill factor appropriate for guest demographics. we offer formats for the beginning rider to the extreme thrill seeker.
learn more…

rides
the art of enchantment
whatever kind of pleasure you’re looking for, chance rides has a wide range of adventures that will suit your needs. we have elegant carousels, and more adrenaline pumping rides, like the freestyle, or classics like the yo-yo or the pharaoh’s fury as well as our assortment of ferris wheels.
learn more…

people movers
the art of transport
making sure the visitor has a good time is essential for repeat business. the chance rides people movers can assist you in directing visitors to your location, enhance their experience there, or operate as an attraction all on their own.
learn more…





about chance rides
chance rides manufactures diverse amusement ride products, including trains, trams, carousels, thrill rides, observation wheels and roller coasters that are enjoyed all over the world. with over 60 years of legacy and talent, our dedicated leadership, management and skilled workforce serves customers, including stand-alone attraction venues across the globe and large and regional theme parks, family entertainment centers, zoos and aquariums. our team has manufactured, delivered and installed over 3,000 amusement rides and people movers. chance rides is based in wichita, kansas, in the heart of north america.
learn more…



chance rides latest news and events

03.18.24
memphis zoo announces new electric “farm train”


the memphis zoo is announcing the addition of a brand-new electric farm train.
the new eco-friendly option will align perfectly with the zoo’s green energy initiatives.
it will be operated all day with the aid of an in-charging station.

…more

06.09.24
arizona boardwalk announces opening of new carousel

…more
05.01.24
new surge ride delivered to santa cruz beach boardwalk
santa cruz beach boardwalk received a new surge ride from chance rides, llc.
…more

06.19.24
phoenix zoo lakeside carousel is ready
the lakeside carousel, presented by america first credit union is officially open.
…more
05.28.24
englewood farm & train at belleview park welcomes new c.p. huntington train

…more
read more chance rides news
want to know when we have news on our latest ride?sign up for our newsletter now!
email address * first name * last name * company * phone number * country 

   

general inquires chance rides sales and marketing office
4200 w. walker st.
wichita, ks 67209     tel (316) 945-6555
chance rides mailing address:
p.o. box 12328
wichita, ks 67277-2328

general information for general information regarding chance rides, please contact us at: sales@chancerides.com
please refer to our frequently asked questions page before submitting your e-mail. if your question falls into one of those categories, you will not receive a reply.

new ride information sales@chancerides.com

chance rides – former dh morgan rides, parts and service service@chancerides.com

international inquiries contact: international sales tel 1-(316)-789-7712
jay.aguilar@chancerides.com

parts / service chance rides
p.o. box 12328
wichita, ks 67277-2328 usa
tel 316-942-7411
service@chancerides.com

chance rides non-exclusive tram distributor (usa only) specialty vehicles
440 mark leany drive, henderson, nv 89015
tel (702)-567-5256
sales@specialtyvehicles.com

chance rides newsletter signupcountry phone number * company * last name * first name * email address * 





© chance rides, llc 
facebookyoutubexlinkedin






scroll to top



































































