crunk + disorderly // it's only entertainment!





























 










3.04.2008
  





youtube clip of the daytop of the morning to you, bust it babies of crunkland! thanks for all the emails and concerned comments. the other site is almost out if the wig crypt but until it can escape 100 percent i will stick to what i know best. you can put the blame on kizzy!here's a little something to set the mood right for today. little richard + james brown on 'the  wheel of fortune.'labels: you can't make this shit up






 
posted by fresh @ 12:25 pm  
                
                
                

 













3.03.2008
  





fuck a domainthis just hasn't been my week. first i get a cd stuck in my car's cd player now all of this server / hosting bullshit with crunktastical.net.  i should have stayed my happy ass on on blogger until all the kinks we worked out but noooo. oh well, you live and you learn.i don't even have the energy to say anything remotely funny about plies and his finger lickin'  good bust it baby. heaven i need a hug and a nap.






 
posted by fresh @ 11:31 pm  
                
                
                

 













2.28.2008
  





three the hard way  teyana taylor, estelle, and kid sister [love that name for obvious 80's baby reasons] visited trl as apart of spankin' new music week. be sure to show these three ladies some loves by hitting up their individual myspace profiles for more music and information.   






 
posted by fresh @ 10:47 pm  
                
                
                

 













  





why must i sigh? sometimes i just want ty ty baby to go away but then i wouldn't be able to fully enjoy rich's antm posts. the clip above is from last night's season premiere episode where tyra talks about her inner struggle or some shit. here's what michael k from dlisted had to say about this mess:last night on "america's next top model" the girls participated in a photo shoot with homeless girls and were asked to portray their inner struggle while wearing fancy clothes. tyra banks understands what it's like to be homeless, because she was homeless for a day once on her talk show. she really fucking said that. i can't wait for this season! every photo shoot will somehow be "near and dear" to tyra's heart aka she will find ways to cross-promote her talk show and make things about her. i'm expecting the "kiss my fat ass" photo shoot and the "burn your uncomfortable bra" photo shoot.co-sign.labels: oh tyra






 
posted by fresh @ 3:50 pm  
                
                
                

 













  





gosh i hope notword on the curb is that re-up rowland make pose for the pages of playboy sometime in the near future. i hope this is just another net rumor, because if its fact then i really give up on kizzy. there has got to be a clause somewhere in her contract with the wig crypt that specifically says that she can't do shit like this. didn't farrah get kicked out of destiny's child for posing for some pimp's book cover or something? she better keep it quiet before papa joe 2.0 can stop her.labels: tales from the wig crypt






 
posted by fresh @ 3:02 pm  
                
                
                

 













  





doin' what she does bestso you say chris brown and rihanna are the new jay-z and bust it creole, eh? hmmm . . .i already have told ya'll that its all about fantasia and young dro around these parts! their love looks like it will stand the tests of time, i'm sure. dro is shouting out his boo left and right on his new mixtape, i am legend. ["no fantasia ain't pregnant! stay out our bidness!"]  now that's love!but i digress.    rihanna is back to airing her vajayjay out on stage, enjoy.






 
posted by fresh @ 1:21 pm  
                
                
                

 













  





she got that nasty woman's diseaseor at least i hope not. the ap sez:naomi campbell has been hospitalized in sao paulo and is being treated by one of brazil's top specialists in infectious disease, the hospital's press office said tuesday.a publicist for the 37-year-old british supermodel confirmed campbell was treated at a hospital and had a small cyst removed. there were no other details."naomi campbell was admitted to hospital ... to have a small cyst removed," her publicist, jeff raymond, said in a statement. "following the successful procedure, she is now resting and is looking forward to getting back to work. she would like to thank the doctors who have kindly looked after her."campbell, a frequent visitor to brazil, celebrated carnival earlier this month in the northeastern city of salvador. she was hospitalized sunday in sao paulo's sirio libanes hospital.she is under the care of david uip, a specialist in infectious diseases, and gynecologist jose aristodemo pinotti, the hospital said in a statement."the patient and her advisers have determined that the hospital's medical staff will not issue any formal or informal information on her medical condition," the hospital statement said. [source]get well soon nay nay! the world needs your blackberry tossing tantrums.






 
posted by fresh @ 12:42 pm  
                
                
                

 













  





the new video is bananas    remember that crazy ass video ashanti released a couple of weeks ago for her single "the way that i love you" ? well, turns out that was a leaked, unofficial version. or at least that's what her record label wants us to believe! i'm not drinking one sip of that kool-aid. if you ask me, they probably put that mess out there themselves just to see what type of feedback the public would give and turned around and made changes where they saw necessary.but at the end of the day this is ashanti we are talking about! i mean really. anyway, the singer said the inspiration behind the video is the television show 'snapped' that airs on the oxygen network. omg! makes sense now. bananas, yo! check it out under after the jump.mtvmusic videosmtv showsentertainment newslabels: finally some real talent






 
posted by fresh @ 11:52 am  
                
                
                

 













  





solange will make your dreams come truewanna work in the new pimped out dungeon of the wig crypt? well here's your chance!i was checking in with my splendiferous love muffin love b. scott when i peeped his post about solange holding auditions  for singers, bands and individual band members to become members of her band, hadley street dreams.you know baby daniel is going to be down there in a tight black t-shirt like simon cowell to help his mama weed out the haves and the have-nots. if you plan on getting down with solo it is a must that you know how to shake your money maker. 'cause nobody has the time to give you private lessons on shaking your chico stick, thanks.when: thursday, march 6, 2008 from 12:00pm thru 6:00pm. audition sign up will end promptly at 3:00pm.where: sir studios6465 west sunset blvdlos angeles, ca 90028labels: tales from the wig crypt






 
posted by fresh @ 11:16 am  
                
                
                

 













  





impossible is nothingjudging by the look on her face, cheri dennis was as shocked as the rest of the party goers at her album release party that the big day had finally come. i'm going to go out and buy 5 copies, so she never has to resort to selling ass or slave one more day in diddy's toothpick crypt ever again.labels: finally some good news






 
posted by fresh @ 10:27 am  
                
                
                

 













2.27.2008
  





happy people, yeah yeah [1]    kanye, alexis, and vivica hit up robert cavalli party in paris. no hate here, everybody looks good. with paris fashion week in full swing, expect to see more familiar celebrity faces checking out their favorite designers. i wonder if lil' boosie and webbie have their passports yet.[1] somebody mentioned that song yesterday in the comment box and its been stuck in my head every since. so this is how r.kelly's voodoo works, eh?






 
posted by fresh @ 1:15 pm  
                
                
                

 













  





quick quotes"there’s not one person on this planet that could ever say they’ve seen johnny gill step outside of the rim or conducted himself as a man. i keep a stable [of women]."- - johnaynay denies being donkey's secret midnight snackhe don't believe you, you need more people. outside of your stable of broads of course."i was very shocked and disappointed to hear of johnny gill's false spin on the chain of events surrounding our wedding. his outrageous lies were clearly a very desperate and pathetic attempt to clean up his reputation at my expense. i would appreciate it if mr. gill would refrain from continuing to spread false gossip and lies to the public, and allow everyone involved to move on with their lives. we all know the real truth."- - tracey edmonds responds to jonny gill's recent radio comments[thanks cheryl]labels: you need more people






 
posted by fresh @ 12:37 pm  
                
                
                

 













  





arnold got his swagger back!gary coleman and his old lady shannon made a trip to the today show to talk about their beautiful union. i still can't believe dude married somebody the same age as me but then again this is gary-fuckin-coleman we're talking about. say something nice, kids.labels: now that's love . . . black love [kinda]






 
posted by fresh @ 11:41 am  
                
                
                

 












<< home 
 







 




contact information 
use don't abuse (ie. adding me to your site's mailing list). and for the love of god please stop sending mp3 files of your music. i am not clive davis and to be frank i probably don't want to hear the shit anyway. you should also know that i take my slow, precious time responding to email. and sometimes i don't respond at all. fresh.crunkjuice@gmail.com  
       fresh@myspace.com
leave some $$$ on the night stand	    








get posts in your inbox 


   



free image and video hosting















enter your search terms

submit search form








web


search c+d














recent entries   




youtube clip of the day





fuck a domain





three the hard way





why must i sigh?





gosh i hope not





doin' what she does best





she got that nasty woman's disease





the new video is bananas





solange will make your dreams come true





impossible is nothing





blog advertising is good for you




site archives





august 2004


may 2005


june 2005


july 2005


august 2005


september 2005


october 2005


november 2005


december 2005


january 2006


february 2006


march 2006


april 2006


may 2006


june 2006


july 2006


august 2006


september 2006


october 2006


november 2006


december 2006


january 2007


february 2007


march 2007


april 2007


may 2007


june 2007


july 2007


august 2007


september 2007


october 2007


november 2007


december 2007


january 2008


february 2008


march 2008






your ad here

 fresh picks
 









 









