           california law revision commission home   


 
 


































         skip to main content                    meetings   next meeting agenda the agenda for the next meeting of the law revision commission meeting schedule the approved schedule of future law revision commission meetings    meeting minutes minutes approved from past meetings of the law revision commission   prior meetings agenda past agendas from law revision commission meetings video archive past video recordings from law revision commission meetings     studies   active studies a list of active and recently active law revision commission projects completed or inactive studies a list of completed or inactive law revision commission projects   topics authorized for study the commission's calendar of topics authorized for study by the legislature study number table a letter and number system the commission uses to categorize topic studied       reports   final reports the california law revision commission's annual reports, recommendations, and studies 						are published in bound volumes, which are assigned annual volume numbers reports as legislative history describes the law revision commission's legislative process and use of commission 						materials to determine legislative intent   tentative recommendations tentative recommendations and other similar requests for comment are made available 						so that interested persons will be advised of the commission's tentative conclusions and can make their views known to the commission background studies contains background studies prepared for the commission   press releases contains press releases issued from the california law revision commission legal publisher documents provides access to files used by legal publishers     research tools   staff memoranda provides access to a searchable database of all memoranda prepared by the commission's staff   sections affected by commission provides access to a searchable database of sections of california statutory law have been added, 						amended, or repealed on the recommendation of the law revision commission       about   history and purpose the history and purpose for which the law revision commission was created governing statute government code §§ 8280-8298, listing the governing statute of the law revision commission   commission process the process used by law revision commission topics authorized for study the commission's calendar of topics authorized for study by the legislature   commission personnel a list of commission members, officers and staff tribal consultation tribal consultation policy and subscription list slaa report state leadership accountability act     contact / subscribe   contact us contact numbers and e-mail addresses for commission staff   subscribe to mailing list sign-up to receive e-mails regarding commission agendas, press releases, and topic materials and they are distributed   outside links links to state agencies, legislative bodies and court self-help information                   general information    mission. the california law revision commission is an independent state agency created by					 statute in 1953. it assists the legislature and governor by 					 examining california law and recommending needed reforms.  active studies. active commission studies are listed in the sidebar to the right. if you are interested in following a particular study, you can 					subscribe to receive e-mail notices 					whenever material related to that topic is uploaded to this site. the notices will include a 					link to download the new material. meetings. the commission performs its work in open public meetings. the 					agenda for each meeting includes links to download the 					materials that will be discussed at the meeting. decisions made at commission meetings are 					recorded in the official minutes for each meeting. recommendations. once the commission has made preliminary decisions on how to reform 					the law, it issues a tentative recommendation soliciting 					public comment on the proposed reform. after the commission has thoroughly considered public 					input on the proposal, it will typically make a final recommendation, 					which is delivered to the legislature and the governor and then published. the final recommendation 					includes a narrative explanation of the proposed law, proposed statutory language, and official 					comments on each affected code section. historically, over 90% 					of the commission's recommendations have been enacted into law, affecting more than 22,500 					sections of the california statutory codes.  materials. materials relating to commission studies can be found in a searchable index of all 					code sections affected by commission recommendations, 					a searchable index of all staff memoranda, and a catalog of all 					final recommendations and reports.  personnel. the commission consists of seven  members appointed by the governor with the advice 					and consent of the senate, one senator, one assembly member, and the legislative counsel.  the 					commission is supported by a small professional staff. current personnel are listed here. contact us. the commission welcomes public participation in its process. public testimony and written 					comments play an important part in shaping commission decisions. please feel free to 					contact us with any questions or comments that you have regarding the commission or its work.                   california governor gavin newsom  visit governor's website         active studies   study b-750. antitrust law study e-200. recodification of toxic substance statutes  study i-100. equal rights amendment study i-200. terminology relating to persons with disabilities  study g-300. state and local agency access to customer information from communication service providers study x-100. emergency-related reforms        committee on revision of the penal code website      mailing address 				california law revision commission				c/o legislative counsel bureau				925 l street, suite 275				sacramento, ca 95814           


back to top
conditions of use
privacy policy
help
contact us
site map


		copyright © 2013 state of california
	

 
  