  knights of st columba – charity | unity | fraternity    skip to content


about usaims and objectiveswho we arest columbahistorystructuresupreme knightecclesiastical advisorboard of directorspast supreme knightsdevelopmentjoin usfounder’s dayknights in actionactivitiesmissionyouth and young peoplespirituality & welfarecontactnews & eventssupreme knight’s pagespiritual bouquet 2024 – timetablediary datesevent listcommunication


charity | unity | fraternity					
about usaims and objectiveswho we arest columbahistorystructuresupreme knightecclesiastical advisorboard of directorspast supreme knightsdevelopmentjoin usfounder’s dayknights in actionactivitiesmissionyouth and young peoplespirituality & welfarecontactnews & eventssupreme knight’s pagespiritual bouquet 2024 – timetablediary datesevent listcommunication


charity | unity | fraternity					

menu




slide 1"we need to return to columba, then we'll return to christ and that is all we need for the knights of st columba to succeed"cardinal vincent nichols, 23 may 2023slide 1charity - unity - fraternitywe exist to support the mission of the catholic church and at the same time to work for the spiritual, intellectual and material welfare of our members and their families.contact usslide 2faith  family fraternitymembers are encouraged to play an active role in the catholic churchthey support members, families, parish and the local communitythey support our widows  and pray regularly for the deceased brothers knightsjoin uslogoserve god by serving otherswe are an order of catholic men bound together in charity, unity and fraternity  to enrich our faith and spirituality by  words and actions to proclaim the  moral and social message of the catholic church.call us



 jubilee year 2025

 


uncategorized 



 

february 5, 2025 
read more...

 fr. stephen wang says

 


mission 



 

february 5, 2025 

we are ready for the jubilee pilgrims who are converging on rome this year. we have turned the salotto into a welcome centre so theyread more...

 “is our man a miracle?”

 


event, news 



 

december 12, 2024 

in august 1993, a front-page article in the catholic pictorial appeared under the banner: “is our man a miracle?” it was a reference to theread more...

 order loses two stalwarts

 


news, spirituality & welfare 



 

december 2, 2024 

it is with deep sadness that we announce the passing of two esteemed members of our order: - past supreme knight pat layden, k.c.s.g., k.h.s.,read more...

 ksc daily mass scheme 2024 – 25

 


news 



 

july 3, 2024 

throughout the year 2024, the knights of st. columba are united in a profound spiritual journey as mass is joyously celebrated by devoted brothers inread more...

 pope francis: cbs interview with norah o’donnell

 


news 



 

june 3, 2024 

pope francis sits down for a global exclusive interview with cbs evening news anchor and managing editor norah o’donnell from the vatican. in a wide-rangingread more...

head office:


ksc head office:								


curial offices 196 clyde street glasgow g1 4jy




phone:								


0141 883 5700




contact:								


get in touch

quick links:contactdiary datesjoin usmember’s area





 





 





 






 copyright © 2025  - knights of st columba  
 


receive the latest news				
subscribe to our knights news newsletterget notified about new articles




email address							



subscribe

        




