










home - fayette chamber of commerce



























































 
 

















skip to content


























 
member loginchamber meeting placecontact usleadership fayette











facebook





instagram





youtube





linked in 






































menu 
our chamber about us board of directors chamber staff committees & councils leadership fayette annual report contact usour community fayette community & leadership foundation find it in fayette about fayette county community data ga trend 2025 source magazines 2022 source magazine 2024 source magazine governmental affairs economic development atlanta region – 2024 economic outlook fayetteville – 2024 economic outlook ptc – 2024 economic outlook advocacy 2025 georgia general assembly legislative agenda  georgia chamber’s economic competitiveness trips & travel 2024 trip to irelandmembership why join? join the chamber investor benefits comparison membership application onboarding packet member directory membership directory map sponsorship & marketing opportunities member login #chamberconnectsprograms & events calendar chamber events community events annual events chamber event descriptions 2025 national civics bee pickleball tournament business on the green golf tournament annual awards summits business outlook dei summit small business workforce programs leadership fayettemember resources member login the chamber meeting place small business resources career services job search job posting instructions source magazine member benefits smart health care plan the champ plan™ member discounts (hot deals) certificate of origin ribbon cutting








 















 
   connectat the fayette chamber of commerce, we help members connect through networking events, strategic partnerships, and community engagement, ensuring a stronger, more vibrant local economy.


learn more


 


 
nonprofit check-up workshopjoin the  non-profit council for a workshop designed exclusively for chamber member nonprofit organizations to strengthen their operations and maximize their impact. this session will be facilitated by caroline creel, director education at the southern conservation trust.  caroline will guide you through key areas like governance, financial health, compliance, and program effectiveness, providing practical tips and tools to enhance your organization’s sustainability.


learn more


 


 
thriveat the fayette chamber of commerce, we help businesses thrive by fostering meaningful relationships, providing valuable resources, and advocating for a thriving local economy.


learn more


 


 
ai tools for business efficiencyjoin us for the next startup fayette meeting on february 25 at 5 pm at launch fayette in launch pad 3. this session will feature brian fletcher, principal & co-founder of fm, who will lead a discussion on ai tools for business efficiency. fm specializes in reinventing businesses through custom software and ai solutions, helping companies streamline operations, enhance productivity, and drive innovation.


learn more


 


 
 collaborateat the fayette chamber of commerce, we encourage businesses and leaders to collaborate through partnerships, networking, and innovative initiatives that strengthen our local economy and community.


learn more


 


 
membership matters: coffee & connectionsjoin us for our first membership matters coffee & connection of 2025! this is your opportunity to discuss your membership experience and community insights in a small group setting. we want to hear your thoughts on how we can enhance your membership experience.


learn more


 


 
battle of the paddles pickleball tournamentget ready to serve up some fun at the fayette chamber’s battle of the paddles pickleball tournament! whether you’re a seasoned player or just looking for a great time with friends, this event is perfect for friendly competition, networking, and community fun.
 


 
 


 
workforce iniativieswe collaborates with organizations to offer professional development, upskilling, and leadership training programs to help businesses improve employee retention and performance. we help businesses navigate workforce challenges by providing access to economic data, grant opportunities, and connections to hiring resources like worksource georgia.
 






























welcome to the fayette chamber of commerce






connect with us and we will help you connect to other businesses, to elected officials, and to the community. small or large, companies that invest in chamber memberships receive big business benefits. stop by our office today to learn more.

















					directory				








					jobs				








					news				








					events				








					hot deals				






















mark your calendar










view all events


































learn more
















 
fayette county 
fayette county is proud to be named one of the best cities to live in georgia. our county motto is "create your story", a perfect blend of suburban living and rural estates surrounded by nature's beauty and friendly neighbors.
learn more 














 
source magazine 
the fayette chamber source magazine serves as a visitor's guide, business directory,  and features places and stories that make fayette county the perfect place to create your story.
learn more 














 
sponsorship 
sponsoring a chamber event or program demonstrates your commitment to the local community. expand your network by investing in the county's growth and development, which can enhance your reputation and build goodwill among community members and leaders.
learn more 



















become a member
the chamber creates 40+ networking opportunities with other business professionals and build stronger relationships. joining our chamber is an effective business strategy. 63% of consumers are more likely to purchase from a credited member. we connect you with the proper resources to thrive.

















join today







new members


































 












© 2025 fayette chamber of commerce 
 | 
site by growthzone












chairman's investors





























we advocate for the success of our members and community.




















fayette chamber of commerce









map address




600 west lanier avenue, suite 205fayetteville, ga 30214 










phone number




770-461-9983











email




info@fayettechamber.org 










facebook





instagram





youtube





linkedin






















 © 2025 fayette chamber of commerce .  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















