


survivor 12 panama




























    
	survivor 12 panama
	
  
this blog will follow the hit cbs reality show survivor 12 panama, exile island. i'll post a preview and a re-cap of each episode along with my insights and observations. of course i'll post news and rumors as i get them.    survivor 12 panama home



monday, march 26, 2007



	 feed change
    


i will be ending the rss feed for survivor 12 panama, please change to http://feeds.feedburner.com/survivorhut also visit my survivor blog survivor hut - http://survivorhut.blogspot.com



posted by mydree @ 4:15 pm  

      
         0 comments






tuesday, august 29, 2006



	 survivor hut has started
    


i have started my new survivor blog, survivor hut, please check it out. the url is http://survivorhut.blogspot.com .this blog will no longer be updated.



posted by mydree @ 4:17 pm  

      
         1 comments






thursday, june 01, 2006



	 heidi strobel update
    


heidi strobel, who finished fifth in survivor amazon, is dating philadelphia phillies pitcher cole hamels. heidi got naked on survivor for food and later posed for playboy. she also contracted malaria while on survivor. cole hamels is a young pitcher recently called up by the phillies. he has a colorful past that includes a bar fight while he was in the minor leagues in which he broke his hand (really not a good idea for a pitcher). the lovely couple at wikipedia: heidi and cole.



posted by mydree @ 7:34 pm  

      
         1 comments






monday, may 29, 2006



	 'survivor' winner in trouble at work
    


million-dollar winner's $34,000-a-year highway job on the line.friday, may 26, 2006ted wendling, plain dealer bureaucolumbus -- chris daugherty, a state highway worker, survived 39 days on the volcanic south pacific island of vanuatu in 2004, walking away with $1 million for winning the cbs reality show.but it looks like he may not weather an ohio department of transportation investigation into the unauthorized leave of absence he took last fall to join past "survivor" winners for a european tour.an odot hearing officer ruled thursday that daugherty, 35, was guilty of taking the unauthorized leave and of dishonesty for falsely claiming that he needed time off work because he was under stress and suffering from depression.odot investigators concluded that, after being denied a leave because he had used all but 29 hours of his vacation, sick leave and personal leave, daugherty submitted a bogus excuse from a doctor in london, ohio, that said he needed to take off a month because he was suffering from anxiety and depression.daugherty later admitted to an odot investigator that he cured his depression by attending the cbs-sponsored "survivor" tour. full story my takei admire him for not quitting his job after winning the million dollars, but did he really expect to get away with lying in order to go to europe? the excuse about the trip curing his depression also sounds questionable. good luck with all of that, chris.



posted by mydree @ 7:12 pm  

      
         0 comments






thursday, may 25, 2006



	 'survivor' ratings flagging
    


off 17 percent heading into its sunday finale.by toni fitzgerald, may 12, 2006ratings for cbs's "survivor: exile island" have been eroding all season, and with the final episode just days away, they are not getting any better.last night's penultimate episode averaged a 5.7 overnight rating among adults 18-49. while that was well ahead of the second-place finisher, nbc's sitcoms, it was down 17 percent from the same night last year, when the second-to-last episode earned a 6.9. full story at media life magazineis the end near for our favorite reality show? i'm fairly sure it will last at least another year (two more survivor seasons), but what about after that?are there any changes that can be made to extend the life of the show? new host? new locations? new format or challenges? include survivors from other english speaking countries? what i like about survivor is the interaction of people. and people-wise exile island was more interesting than guatemala, although guatemala was one of the more interesting locales. now it is hard to imagine anyone other than jeff probst hosting survivor, but before survivor i would not have thought that the former host of rock 'n' roll jeopardy would have done this good of job. so i'm open to the idea of a new host, but i don't think any former contestants will be very good as host. well, that's about all i have for now.enjoy your memorial day weekend but don't forget its meaning. 



posted by mydree @ 4:10 pm  

      
         1 comments






wednesday, may 17, 2006



	 terry 'deserved' to win?
    


a lot of people seem to think that terry 'deserved' to win. their argument is that he won most of the challenges and that he is 'honest' and has 'integrity,' so he should get the million dollars.well, here's some food for thought:1. terry had an alliance with dan, so much so that dan said that he felt betrayed by terry when he was voted off. terry voted to remove dan after promising him he wouldn't. is that being honest or acting with integrity? i don't think so.2. survivor is a game of social interaction much more than a game of competitions. group immunity challenges are largely a crap-shoot and no one can expect to win all of the individual immunity challenges. terry couldn't break into casaya because he lacked the social skills. his only 'strategy' was to win all of the individual immunity challenges which is not a realistic game plan.3. after the merger terry couldn't make any real alliances with former casaya members so he had no alliance to betray, so he looks honest. late in the game it was easy for terry to promise danielle the final two with him and even easier to remind her of the promise after she won the final immunity. terry may be socially retarded but he's smart enough to know that he would have won the money sitting next to danielle. so please spare me the 'terry deserved to win' talk. yes he's a good father, husband and he honorably served our country as a naval aviator but in the game of survivor he was one dimensional. he was good at the challenges but lacked in the social aspects of the game. i like cirie but she was the opposite of terry. she was good at the social aspects of the game but weak in the challenges. aras was well balanced at both parts of the game so he won.



posted by mydree @ 12:46 pm  

      
         5 comments






tuesday, may 16, 2006



	 news flash: hatch sentenced (updated)
    


providence, rhode island (ap)richard hatch, who won $1 million in the debut season of "survivor," was sentenced tuesday to 51 months in prison for failing to pay income taxes on his reality tv prize and other earnings.hatch, 45, was convicted in january. the charges carried a maximum of 13 years in prison.u.s. district judge ernest torres said he issued a harsher than expected sentence because hatch had committed perjury repeatedly during his trial."it seems unfortunately very clear to me that mr. hatch lied," torres said.full story (at cnn)update: several news organizations are reporting that richard hatch must also "undergo psychological counseling." also his web site www.richhatch.com has been inactive for at least several days now. what? no jailhouse blog from hatch?



posted by mydree @ 4:02 pm  

      
         2 comments









	 ain't that a shane?
    


at the jury shane was full of righteous indignation towards aras and danielle. i know shane is crazy and all, but wasn't he being hypocritical?shane was going to betray aras but aras beat him to it and yet this is why shane was so upset with aras - that aras betrayed him! shane was similarly upset with danielle for wavering in the casaya alliance but wasn't it shane who sat down with aras after the merger and tell him that he might 'shake things up' by aligning with some former la mina members? later in private, shane hailed his acting as brilliant strategy and said that he was in control of the game. i guess it's all right when shane does such things but wrong when danielle does it. however i'm glad for shane's performance at the jury, otherwise it would have been boring. "why should i vote for the other of you?' 'what will you do with the responsibility of the million dollars?' 'what was your best and worst move in the game?' (i'm still trying to make out what the heck courtney was talking about.)  these questions make for a boring jury, it needs a little venom and bile to make it interesting.



posted by mydree @ 12:33 pm  

      
         0 comments












soccer philadelphia
soccerdelphia.com is view on the soccer world from philadelphia. 
 
previous posts

feed change
survivor hut has started
heidi strobel update
'survivor' winner in trouble at work
'survivor' ratings flagging
terry 'deserved' to win?
news flash: hatch sentenced (updated)
ain't that a shane?
aftermath
finale: as it aired
scroll down for archive

syndication 





















survivor links

official survivor site at cbs
survivor.com fan site
survivor fire message boards
survivor fever news

friends links

to be honest with you........
rambling rose cottage
where one day runs into another....
the mollyzine in australia

my home page & more




mydree    home page at geocities
my live journal    sports blog
contact me    web form
blogger profile
my space    my profile




technorati




the episodes

episode 1    tina
episode 2    melinda
episode 3    misty
episode 4    ruth marie
episode 5    bobby
episode 6    dan
episode 7    re-cap
episode 8    nick

the jury

episode 9    austin  la mina
episode 10    sally  la mina
episode 11    bruce  casaya
episode 12    courtney  casaya
episode 13    shane  casaya

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
august 2006
march 2007

credits & stuff



blog entries composedand submitted with:
macjournal 3.1



this work is licensed under acreative commons license.



most pictures hosted on:


listed on:












 


unique visitors since
january 23, 2006







it should be obvious but i'll state it nonetheless:
this blog is in no way associated with survivor panama exile island, cbs, viacom or mark burnett productions. 







