



	audiology equipment supplier | e3 diagnostics


































































#












supplies




careers




about us






find local office









products


abr - assr


audiometers


hearing aid test systems


newborn hearing screening


teleaudiology


occupational health - industrial


otoacoustic emissions - oae


otoscopes


sound rooms - suites


system software


tympanometry - middle ear analyzers


vestibular - balance


vision screeners


vra - cor systems


supplies




services


calibration services


repair services


preventative maintenance services




resources


download center


promotions


e-learning


national conferences


pre-recorded webinars


webinars




blog


events


offices

































your local audiometric equipment sales and service experts
e3 diagnostics is the leading provider of audiology equipment sales and service solutions in the united states. with over 30 offices nationwide, staffed with teams of highly-experienced hearing and balance instrument experts, our local approach allows us to be your most responsive, helpful option when looking for solutions to help you provide the best care and grow your practice. our goal is simple. we aim to make it easier for you to do what you do best – take care of your hearing patients. that’s the e3 promise. 
that’s the e3 way.










new: audible contrast
threshold (act™) test
your clients can say goodbye to the frustration of hearing 
in noisy environments, as act is here to change the game.
 

learn more











gsi audiostar pro


designed for the busy audiologist, the gsi audiostar pro is a versatile,
2 channel clinical audiometer that can be used for complete audiometric 
test evaluations on patients of all ages.
 
learn more











looking for options to offset 
the cost of equipment?
find out more about oticon business support services
 
learn more











interacoustics affinity compact
audiometry, rem, hit, and visible speech mapping in one device

made to follow your needs
choose between four base units and licensed software
upgrade down the road as your needs change

 
learn more











depisteo vt1 & q13

intuitive, fast and complete vision screener
comprehensive spirometer for accurately measuring lung capacity
both easily interface with your emr software package

 
vt1  q13







the e3 difference
e3 diagnostics was built on, and still lives by, three cornerstones: expertise, excellence, and everywhere.










expertise


our staff of audiologists, hearing instrument specialists, and nased-certified technicians offers you unparalleled expertise. we take a consultative approach to learn your pain points so we can equip you with the right audiology instruments to meet your unique needs.







excellence


our products and customer service meet the highest standards of excellence. we only provide audiology equipment and supplies from the most trusted manufacturers, and only employ the audiology world’s most skilled technicians and sales consultants.







everywhere


wherever you are located in the united states, there is an e3 office within arm’s reach. this saves you time and money, and allows us to easily work with you on an everyday basis. 














mye3shop
the best audiology supplies and best customer service, all at the best prices. browse mye3shop today and stock up on eartips, electrodes, printer paper, and more from the industry’s leading manufacturers! 
mye3shop.com












workshops/events
e3 diagnostics is dedicated to the success of our customers, so we curate comprehensive local workshops, trainings, and other educational events to help you better understand your equipment. check out our upcoming hearing and balance workshops and register for one near you today!
find a workshop






follow us on social
stay up to date on the latest e3 news, offers, and events by connecting with us on social!









                             
                        








                             
                        








                             
                        








                             
                        








                             
                        














connect with us on social!


       






















menu

blog
services
offices
webshop
careers



e3 diagnostics represents

expertise: personalized 
    consultation
excellence: world-leading
    technology and service
everywhere: relationships
    that go beyond a sale



corporate office
(800) 323-4371
info@e3diagnostics.com

mon - fri: 8am-5pm cst
find local office


shop online
browse our audiology supplies web shop today and stock up on products from the industry’s best brands!
go to our webshop








 © 2013-2024 e3 diagnostics. all rights reserved. 
info@e3diagnostics.com | privacy policy | terms of use | 3333 n kennicott ave., arlington heights, il.  60004




























 
 

 





