


















vintage classic car hire










skip to navigation


vintage classics
vintage and classic car hire
send us an email

home
what we do
where we are
our cars
prices
useful info
wings and wheels
news






the red fleetalfa romeo gtv & jaguar mkiimgc & triumph stag1972 alfa romeo spiderdamler sovereignjaguar e-typemgcmgcjaguar mkiijaguar mk iitriumph stagtriumph stagalfa gtv1966 austin healey 30001968 morris minor convertiblee-type jaguar & austin healey 3000jaguar e-type

the red fleetalfa romeo gtv & jaguar mkiimgc & triumph stag1972 alfa romeo spiderdamler sovereignjaguar e-typemgcmgcjaguar mkiijaguar mk iitriumph stagtriumph stagalfa gtv1966 austin healey 30001968 morris minor convertiblee-type jaguar & austin healey 3000jaguar e-type







testimonials
gift cards


subscribe to news and offers









latest tweets

tweets by @vintageclassics


find us on facebook


we are closedafter 20 years of running the business, we have decided that we are due a well-earned rest.after enjoying our time off we have decided to retire and put the business up for sale.we would like to take this opportunity to thank all our clients especially the growing number of regulars during our 20 years of successfully running the buisness.phil & nikkiclosure notice
drive your dream!
have you or your loved one ever wanted to drive an e-type or an aston martin or austin healey 3000 or did they once hanker after an audi ur quattro? we believe in helping people drive their dream. make the next special occasion that bit more wonderful with the hire of a classic car - beautiful memories available to hire.
vintage classics car hire fleet
classic car hire is very popular with classic car enthusiasts who wish to try before they buy or for those people who just like driving classic cars without the costs associated with ownership. our classic hire cars are just waiting for you to experience the thrill of motoring in a real ‘drivers’ car. relax into the leather seats, admire the nostalgic interior, feel the handling through the steering wheel and listen to the music made by these beautifully crafted engines. turn heads as you glide by, this is what classic motoring is all about.
award winning classic hire company
voted the best car hire company in the cotswolds for 2015, 2016 and 2017
award winning small business (sbs) from theo paphitis
looking for that exclusive gift?
hiring a classic car for that special occasion such as a 40th 50th 60th or 70th birthday present or ruby (ideal with a red car!) or silver wedding anniversary is a unique experience that guarantees to make someone’s dream come true. we can provide classic car hire gift vouchers in the form of a personalised letter. whether it is for a birthday, anniversary, valentine celebration, christmas present or just as a special gift, make a loved one’s dream come true, of enjoying the open road in an jaguar e–type, austin healey 3000 or mgc roadster, visit oxford in a ‘inspector morse’ jaguar mkii or see the delights of the west country from an alfa romeo gtv or spider. simply pick up the phone to enquire.
in search of an unusual weekend break?
combine the experience of hiring a classic car with a break. we can recommend local accommodation including country house hotels, luxury manor house and farmhouse b&b’s and may be able deliver the classic car of your choice. the west country – from the finest cities of bath and salisbury to the rural idyll of castle combe and the world heritage sites such as stonehenge and avebury – what finer way to view wessex than from one of iconic classic vehicles.
getting married?
whisk your bride away to the reception or even off on your mini-moon in a self-drive classic sports car, such as, an e–type jaguar, austin healey 3000, audi ur quattro, mg, alfa romeo or an aston martin, the choice is yours!










follow us on twitter
find us on facebook
website design / build / credits
© vintage classics all rights reservedlogin // newsletter // your feedback



top of page



