
















labor union for the 21st century - goiam












































































 w3 center
 iam bfo
 tcu union
 nffe





international association of machinists and aerospace workers











menu
close














subscribe to iam emails















quick links+

 w3 center
 iam bfo
 tcu union
 nffe
subscribe to iam emails



home
join
about
news
departments
territories
resources
mnpl
 































join the iamour purposemore info »












news | imail | press releases | social
most recent news







iam union urges reinstatement of illegally fired labor board member
iam union is calling on president trump to immediately reverse his decision and reinstate gwynne wilcox to the national labor relations board (nlrb). iam union believes this action is critical for ensuring that working americans receive the full protections they are entitled to under u.s. labor law. on jan. 27, president trump unlawfully dismissed wilcox, read more







protecting our members’ jobs: iam, nffe-iam join labor coalition in new lawsuit over illegal gutting of federal workforce
the iam union and the national federation of federal employees (nffe-iam) joined a coalition of labor unions in filing a lawsuit against the trump administration’s orders to gut the federal workforce. the complaint challenges the firing of probationary employees, the deferred resignation ploy to pressure employees to voluntarily resign, and large-scale reductions-in-force (rifs) that violate read more







new i.a.m. c.r.e.s.t. associate instructors complete train-the-trainer program
fifteen new i.a.m. c.r.e.s.t. associate instructors from district 19, local s6, district fd1, and other norfolk southern railroad representatives recently completed the train-the-trainer program. this comprehensive training is specifically designed to equip workers with the skills needed to educate their peers on the hazards associated with the storage, shipment, loading, and unloading of dangerous goods read more







54th cbtu convention set for may in orlando
iam members are encouraged to attend the 54th coalition of black trade unionists (cbtu) convention this may in orlando, fla. the event will be held from may 20-26, 2025, at the hilton orlando buena vista palace. click here for more information and to register. the convention theme is “preserving and building on our legacy: unbought, read more



 
 


iam activist center


tell congress: we demand union neutrality from delta
 

tell your reps: no cuts to the railroads
house republicans have launched a full-scale attack on rail workers. 

delta air lines: respect your employees’ right to organize
delta air lines employees have been trying to organize a union for years, but the company bosses have repeatedly interfered and intimidated them. it's time for shareholders and customers to stand up and demand that delta respect its employees. 

protect the right to organize, tell congress to vote yes for the pro act
now is the time to tell your member of congress to vote “yes” on protecting the right to organize (pro) act. 

explore iam activist center
 
 
 








quick links

update member information
shop iam gear
retiree and medicare resource center











latest videos






iam, nffe-iam rally to protect civil services from billionaire takeover
the iam and the national federation of federal employees (nffe-iam) joined unions and elected officials, like house democratic leader hakeem jeffries, to protest elon musk and the trump administration’s war on america’s civil services.   read more




iam union, working people protest billionaire takeover of government
the iam, unions and pro-labor politicians gathered wednesday in washington, d.c. at the department of labor to protest elon musk and his anti-worker agency called department of government efficiency (doge). doge wants to raid and hack the labor department’s database, a move that could cripple worker protections and displace union workers at the dol. doge’s read more





nffe-iam federal worker stewards train, prepare at winpisinger center
approximately 30 national federation of federal employees (nffe-iam) members recently traveled to the iam’s winpisinger center for a week-long steward class. read more




iam leadership, member activists pledge to continue dr. king’s legacy
recently, almost 60 iam members, including iam international president brian bryant and other iam executive council members, continued the union’s commitment to equality by sending a large iam delegation to texas, for the afl-cio martin luther king jr. civil and human rights conference in austin. read more



 
 
 








 





 




 
 










get iam mobile



iam mobile spaces offers more features and functions to read and share information about our union and the important issues we face as working families. this app combines all of the iam's popular online functions such as the iam journal, the machinists news network on demand video service, the iam webpage goiam.org, imail, an iam photo gallery, the iam facebook page, and lots more -- all in one easy-to-access app for tablets and smartphones.



















press / media kit
social wall
join the iam
contact us
history / timeline
imail signup
update member info
resources
member rights
benefit trust fund
pension fund
iam rss feeds
www center
iam journal
iam 401k
 


                        union member rights and officer responsibilities under the lmrda the labor-management reporting and disclosure act (lmrda) guarantees certain rights to union members and imposes certain responsibilities on union officers.                     
more





privacy & policies
sitemap
© 2016 iamaw
























follow us:




































subscribe to iam emails 


subscribe





iam disaster relief 


donate now





update member information 


update now


























































