

rosy-finches at sandia crest, new mexico




rosy-finches
at sandia
crest, new
mexico                                                                       



elevation
10,678 feet                                
   
           
       
           
       
           
       
           
       
           
       
           
         

 
           
       
           
       
           
       
           
       
           
       
           
       
           
       
           
       
           
       
           
      




















 read/post inquiries
and latest sightings reports here in these forums:
»»enter sandia crest   
     birding forum««
  »» enter
pembroke
pines  florida      
    bald
eagle nest watch forum ««











blog: rosyfinch
ramblings 
cedar crest backyard birds
ken's
family home page


birding
the sandias
birding manzanos/manzanitas
checklist:
birds of the sandias 



  
rosy-finch
sightings,
blogs &
correspondence:
 

  
sandia
crest
travel & 
birding information:
 


birding the
sandias

 
&
albuquerque area:
 





 

 





 research
plans, partners, 

 
links
& reports: 
 
photos
and film clips:
rosy-finch
species
accounts & biology:



 

 


 








latest
sandia crest blog here

 enter
a target bird or location in the search box to the right.
 please
provide us with suggestions for additional content. 
latest
correspondence 





  search
this site 
powered
by freefind



   














contact
ken and mary
lou
schneider
-- virtual residents of new mexico 



"if
the birds stick here for a few
years, this could easily become the 'canonical' location for worldwide
birders to get their rosyfinches since it is only an hour's drive from
a major international airport and the road is paved, maintained, and
clear throughout the winter." (jerry
oldenettel full text)
 
 ken,
with an assist from the internet, has catapulted our rosy finches into
undreamed-of heights of notoriety... never has it been so easy to enjoy
them!" (hart
schwarz full text)


sandia
ranger district receives recognition
as national "eyes on wildlife" viewing site  (full text) 

about fran and
dave, volunteer
coordinators of the rosy finch project




webcam
views-- 
the
golf course camera sometimes
updates irregularly. even
though snow may be melting down at the golf course, there may
be
frequent snow squalls up at the crest.  the parking lots
are usually kept clear at crest house, the ski area,
and the snow
play area. the lower road down to the capulin spring "bird
log" is closed. there have been past reports of northern
pygmy-owl sightings, either
at the entrance to the snow play or the base of the ski area. 
 
paa-ko ridge golf course live view
 the east slope of sandia crest
is in the far central background, just to the right (north) of the ski
runs that may be visible when there is snow cover. click
on the image
for a live
enlarged view of
conditions at the golf course (6,800 feet elevation), two miles north
of the base of the crest road,
where it is usually about 11 degrees warmer than at the top. since the
east slope of the sandias is heavily forested, the snow line may not be
clearly demarcated. there is usually much more snow on  the
ground at sandia crest.  check
the weather
and road information links below. 

kob-tv city cam

this
view of downtown albuquerque (elevation 5,312'), when aiming towards
the east, shows sandia crest
(10,678') in the far left background. south sandia crest (9,702') is
the higest point in the right background. while snow melts quickly in
the valley and on the west side of the sandias, it sometimes persists
all winter at sandia crest. click on the image for other
local webcam views.

don't miss
seeing this local pbs documentary about the sandias that
includes a segment on the rosy-finches, now archived on-line. 
click on the thumbnail to the
left, to view the movie on knmetv.org/  the
four chapters of this film document a project for
a one-night spectacular light show, but also delve into the cultural,
geologic and natural history of the mountain. chapter one describes the
ecology of the
sandias, and features the rosy-finch banding project near the end.
there are great views of the birds taken at the crest house, at the
feeders and in the hand, not to mention wonderful photography that
makes me really miss my former mountain home!






black
rosy-finch
through
windows of deck at crest house jan 30 2003 canon a40/ kowa 77mm x 20
zoom
(click on picture for larger image) ©
ken
schneider 

general
information and
guidelines
about observing rosy-finches at crest house (november through march)

please
sign the log near front door -- nick harada, manager, and the
staff at crest
house expect the finches
to attract many visitors, and we believe that birders are having a
positive impact on business.  show your
support by
purchasing souvenirs and food.  rosy-finch patches, pins and
t-shirts
are now
available.  sales of these items tell the merchant that
birders
are important to the local economy!

a word about counting -- we count
the largest number (total and species) seen at any one time during our
period of observation.   therefore the numbers may not add up.
  for example, one day we saw a flock of over seventy birds,
in
which black and gray-crowned rosy-finches predominated, with only 4
brown-capped species.   they departed and were promptly
replaced
by a small flock of 16 with 10 brown-capped individuals.   we
reported 10 brown-cap's and 35 blacks, based on the
separate counts. 

the feeders need filling every two to three days
and the rosy-finch feeding program volunteers can not always get up there.  join the cadre
of
volunteers who are willing to  help out.  thanks
to
those who have
left donations of seed in
secure bags (sealed or zip-lock; hull-less "patio mix," or hulled
sunflower seed  only-- no mixed
seed!).  please give it to the us forest
service volunteer at the visitors center near the gift shop door, or directly to one of the crest house staff. (cash
donations cannot be
accepted, but
thanks for offering).   if you happen to see that the feeders
need
filling, please advise alan mickelson or one of the crest house staff,
but please do not fill the feeder or spread seed
yourself.  
note
that the deck feeder is always  stocked with
hull-less seed to
reduce the amount of litter.  do not insist
that employees fill the feeders immediately, as they have
their own
work
to do,
and our volunteer project is carried out through the courtesy of two mile high, llc and crest
house management.  please do not scatter
seed on the
ground or
pavement.   

do
thank
the staff of the crest house
for
their
hospitality and consider purchasing souvenirs and snacks. crest house
is a private business that operates in a newly
expanded private building constructed on land that is leased from the
us forest service.  this is the only accessible "disturbed"
land
on sandia crest, as the us forest service prohibits feeding of wildlife
in the surrounding wilderness area, so we are most grateful for the
hospitality that crest house extends to birders. please respect their
10:00 am opening time, even though staff may arrive earlier to set up
for business. 


keep
in mind that non-birding customers and visitors have every right to
enjoy the view from
the deck,
even when their activities may cause the birds to stay away from the
deck feeder.  please do not occupy a table if you are not
purchasing food or drink.  take advantage
of every chance to orient visitors to these unique birds.  
allowing them a brief glimpse through your
scope or binoculars may turn some of them into birders for life, or at
least help them understand why you are enjoying a different view from
the crest house.  more than once we have noticed they gain
respect
for your wishes not to flush the birds, and may even become "lookouts"
for the next flock!  

 
please
keep
your coats and equipment off the
dining tables, so
that other visitors are free to sit down and eat.

when you get home, be sure to enter your observations into the cornell
lab of ornithology data base at ebird.org.






cnmas
ryan
beaulieu youth scholarship endowment fund
central nm
audubon society has established an endowed fund in memory
of  ryan beaulieu, the teen who, with his friend raymond
vanbuskirk, sparked
the
rosy-finch banding operation at
sandia crest.   raymond,
who was seriously injured in the auto accident that took ryan's life in
august, 2005,  has recovered and is
carrying on the banding with great dedication and enthusiasm.
 nmos 
ryan beaulieu research grants
ken's
blog: high fives to an "awesome" birder!

click
here
for tributes to
ryan beaulieu                           
 crest house bird
book dedicated to ryan






 







please be advised that the crest house staff
allow
only five members of the banding crew to enter the crest house before
opening time to set up
, etc.  however, they would appreciate it if the
other banders, visitors and
observers would respect the 10:00 am opening time. 
prior to the
opening time, all the staff have not yet arrived and finished preparing
the building for the day.  some of the staff can be seen in
the
building earlier in the morning because there are things they must do before opening the
doors at 10:00 am.   please be
considerate and do not
plan to
observe the banding or the birds from inside the crest house until
after the 10:00 am opening time.

we also wish to thank those who
left seed.   note that if you do wish
to donate seed, the "hull-less" or "patio" style is now in use as it
causes the least problem with waste. no nyger seed, please, as it
especially poses
cleanup problems and blows all around. please do not leave bags of seed
outside, as the "critters" quickly get into it. neither the crest house
or the us
forest service will accept cash donations, but we do appreciate those
who have offered.  please do not scatter seed on the deck,
parking lot, or anywhere in us forest service lands.

important 
 anyone
who
attempts to ascend the crest road during
or
soon after a snow event should be aware of the dangers.  even
our
suv with "low-low 4wd" and limited slip differential 
sometimes
was not up to the task.  my best advice to birders bent on
seeing
the
rosies is to defer visiting until the state highway department has had
a chance to plow and sand the road, which may be 24 hours after the
snow stops falling.  the crews do their utmost to clear the
first
seven miles up to the ski area, but even their big trucks can 
find the going
increasingly difficult as the 8,000 foot mark is approached (at about
capulin spring).  
the crest
house is a
private business that depends on its
employees to provide service to the public.   it is
not
unusual for the restaurant and gift
shop to remain closed for safety and security reasons if the parking
lot is iced over or under 3 foot
drifts or if its staff cannot make it to work.  the management
and staff have been most courteous to birders and welcome our
presence even if we do not always make purchases.  the banders
have often helped the staff open the restaurant by sweeping and
arranging tables before opening
time at 10:00 am.  i admit to
sometimes
being guilty of cluttering the tables with outerwear and blocking the
view with my spotting scope while other patrons were trying to enjoy
lunch and landscape.  

life
can be very harsh at 10k feet, and one should
not
visit without being prepared.   i often tell people
to plan
to visit at least two days, allowing time to adjust to the altitude and
provide extra observation time in the event the birds or the weather do
not cooperate.  dress warmly so that you can observe the birds
from outside the crest house if necessary.  if you have
specific
questions about the rosy-finches or general birding in the sandia
mountains, or wish to relate a report on your visit, please visit and
post to the forum.
following are a
few more suggestions
about how birders may increase their enjoyment and extend courtesy to
others while visiting the crest house.
return
to top of page









 after
your visit,
please report your observations  on the rosy-finch forum. 

also monitor and post sightings to the nm
rare
bird alert or directly by
e-mail to matt baumann who compiles the new mexico rba.
 

we
have relocated
to miramar, florida.  only 8 feet above sea level, our new
home
(rear view to the left-- click on thumbnail for more views of our home
and lake) is
42 feet from the shoreline
of a lake at the edge of the
everglades.  our "yard birds" now include wood
storks
and anhingas and even a hurricane-driven flock of greater flamingos. 
in may,
2004,  fran
lusso  and dave
weaver, 
our neighbors and fellow usfs volunteers  assumed our
duties at sandia crest.   fran and dave
were new to new mexico, in about the same position we
found ourselves when we moved there from dallas in 1993.  they
were already experienced in providing interpretation to the public at
the sandia crest house visitors center.  after dave was injured in
2012, alan mickelson took over the duty of tending to the feeders. alan
tries to get up there once a week, and the banding team is there on
weekends to fill the feeders. we will continue to
keep
up rosyfinch.com indefinitely until/unless someone else wishes to take
on the task of webmaster.  we
started the rosy-finch feeding project in 1999, and welcome this
opportunity to remain virtual "observers" and "residents"
of our beloved new mexico.


feeder locations
two feeders are now in use: feeder #1
is to the se of crest
house,
and is visible
from the lower parking lot and the gift shop picture windows; 
#2
is on the west deck, visible from
the dining
room. the location of trapping and banding may take place on the deck
or at feeder #1, at the discretion of the banding team and crest
house management..
 ken
reports:   in
this picture, which
i
took on february 5, 2003, the gray-crowned rosy-finch (hepburn's race)
is partially obscured by a black rosy-finch.  click on picture
for
larger image.
  note that the
pink
on
the undersides of the gray-crowned species is rather dull as compared
to the black (and brown- capped) species.  see chris fagyal's
stunning photos of rosy-finches at  www.avianphotos.org
in
march, 2003 ken took a panoramic
view from the deck of the crest house.  click here for
a 
view that will scroll itself in your browser.
 





other
species reported at or on the way to sandia crest

for
updated sighting reports vist the forum

northern
pygmy-owl has appeared 
intermittently  opposite
the base of the sandia
ski
lift   it has been seen most often around
sunrise
and 
sunset, but may show up any time of day.  it has been reported
on
the
east side
of the crest road
just uphill of the sign for the sandoval- bernadillo county line, and
just off the deck of the
crest house   once it perched right on the support for the
hanging
feeder on the
deck. 
during
most winters, cassin's
finch
(right, photographed by ken at deck feeder on february 5, 2003- click
on picture for larger image) flocks to the crest feeders daily, as does
hairy woodpecker, white- breasted and red-breasted
nuthatch.    
townsend's
solitaire is
fairly common below 7500 feet and appears at the crest, especially
later in the winter. 
northern
saw-whet owls may be
heard
near the tree springs trail head (see the mile-by-mile
guide to
crest road  for
directions).
pine
siskin and clark's
nutcracker are
irregularly present,
and
red
crossbill may be abundant but are even more unpredictable, absent all
of the
winter of 2002-2003 and not returning
until mid-summer, 2003, only to practically disappear in the fall of
2005 and appear intermittently during the winters since then. 
clark's
nutcracker can sometimes be seen at the base of sandia peak ski
area, especially when skiers are present, and appears irregularly at
the crest. 
the
elusive pine
grosbeak has shown up near the deck of
the crest house and near capulin spring,
as well as at the 10k trail
head.  nine mile picnic area and the ellis and
10k trail
heads are also good places to look for pine grosbeaks. 
northern
goshawk 
nests in the lower
reaches but may be seen any time of year at any elevation
american
three-toed woodpecker
has reappeared at sandia crest after an absence of  nearly 10
years.   click
here for an updated summary of american three-toed woodpecker
sightings.   
even
before spring
arrives,  look for red-naped
sapsucker (one spot for them is the
big snag right at mile post
6), and  white-throated swifts and
violet-green swallows may
fly over the
crest.  
occasionally
purple
finches are reported  at the crest, but so far their
presence has not been confirmed.  since this species is so
unusual
here, great care should be taken to distinguish between them and
cassin's finches. 
photographs will be useful to confirm any
sighting.   some female cassin's finches can have strong face
patterns, suggesting purple finch.  on these birds, check the
bill
(culmen or upper ridge very straight in cassin's but slightly curved in
purple) undertail coverts (almost always unstreaked in purple) and the
pattern of breast streaks (narrow and sharply defined in
cassin's).   listen
for their distinctive calls, and  see
this comparison from cornell lab.  house finches
do not favor the higher elevations and do not visit the crest house
feeders. 


writing
in
central nm audubon's newsletter (burrowing
owl),
raymond vanbuskirk estimated that the winter of 2004-2005 rosy-finch
flock numbered about
150
birds, of which 120 were banded.  the number newly banded the
next
winter (2005-2006) swelled to 298 (plus 255 re-captures), suggesting
that the flock now was more than 4 times larger. banding success was
largely due to traps that raymond constructed. on page 4 of the above
article, he
describes
the
newly-designed traps and invites you to observe the banding. 
he
and the team from rio
grande bird research are hoping that recapture data will provide
information about the birds' longevity and winter site fidelity.
 click
here to see the available banding statistics.
 


isotope studies

 
rio
grande bird
research is working in coordination with blair wolf, a
professor
at the university of nm, on hydrogen isotopes. nancy cox said "this
will hopefully allow us to
know
where an individual bird comes from latitudinally. we don't have to
collect blood for this analysis... our ryan
and raymond had been looking at the average distance traveled per
species and comparing it to the age ratio. it was looking very
interesting. the hydrogen isotope information should help analyze this
data more accurately." for more information about stable
isotope
analysis, see: isotopes
link birds to breeding and moulting areas: "since
the isotope composition of birds' feathers reflects their diet at the
location where feathers are grown, feathers sampled from
young-of-the-year as they migrated southward indicated breeding ground
location..." isotopes
from feathers reveal bird migrations: "the
principle behind the
work is simple: birds are what they eat. and what birds eat while
growing feathers on the breeding grounds contains isotopes of hydrogen,
carbon, and nitrogen. these vary in predictable patterns across north
america." also follow these links to results of studies of migrating
cooper's hawks
and wood
warblers.
 


radio transmitter
tracking and color banding


during
the winter of 2008-2009, rio
grande bird research attached radio transmitters to three
birds
of each rosy-finch species, for a total of nine transmitters. their
research protocol sets out a plan to expand the banding project by
using radio telemetry to study where these birds are roosting at night,
where they go when they are not at the crest house feeders, and their
general flocking behavior.

"all precautions
will be taken
to ensure the safety of the birds. using the snowshoes, gps, and
radios, two teams of three individuals each will maneuver the mountain
slopes, while triangulating the birds with the use of the receivers.
after we have found the roost sites we will take observations on
behavior, temperature of roost site, habitat, etc. not only will the
data from this research add to ornithological knowledge, but it will
also help to educate the public about bird and habitat conservation..."

rio grande bird research may also  institute color banding.
more information about this activity will be posted
as it becomes available. of interest, a color banding project is
underway in western colorado. an outline of this project may be
accessed at
this link to a word document with color pictures of the bands in use.


learn
more about the sandia crest rosy-finch research and how you
can help support it!
 

following are
two
contributions, one each from sandy
williams and hart schwarz, both respected new mexico ornithologists.
 they address the historical presence of rosy-finches at
sandia
crest.   
 
history
of rosy-finches at sandia crest and in new
mexico
the three
rosy-finch species seen
at sandia crest are: black rosy-finch (leucosticte
atrata), brown-capped rosy-finch (leucosticte australis),
and
gray-crowned rosy- finch (leucosticte
tephrocotis).

sartor (sandy) williams is
editor of new mexico ornithological society
field notes and chair of the new mexico bird records committee.
 
he searched the nmos archives and provided us with the following
information: 

 here
are a few comments
on the history of rosy-finches at sandia crest and on breeding by
brown-capped rosy-finches in new mexico that may be of some interest or
use in your overall summary of the situation: 

sandia crest: 

in looking back over the history of rosy-finches
in nm, it turns out that sandia crest has a fairly long history of
hosting these birds.   the earliest record i find for the
sandias
generally is january 1954, although the earliest record that
specifically mentions "sandia crest"
seems to be a flock of 40 on 26 nov 1955.   records become
more and more numerous through the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s.  
fair
sized flocks were being reported by the early 1980s (e.g., up to 85 on
8 jan 1981).   seasonally early are reports of
60 there 8-13 nov 1987 and 13 there on 8 nov 1992; these dates may be a
little earlier than some of the more recent early arrival dates.


summering/breeding in nm:


there seems to be some confusion or
misunderstanding regarding breeding by rosy-finches in nm.  
the
brown-capped is the breeding species of the southern rockies, nesting
from southern wyoming, through colorado, to northern new mexico.
 
the specific name "australis" refers to this "southern" distribution.
  there are now summering and/or breeding records for most of
the
higher peaks in the sangre de cristo mts in nm; from north to south
these are stateline, costilla, latir, gold hill, and wheeler in the
northern sangres and jicarita, truchas, pecos baldy, lake, and tesuque
in the southern sangres.   while some of these reports are
among
the earliest records we have of rosy-finches anywhere in nm (e.g., on
wheeler peak 20-30 july 1904), most date from the 1970s or later, and a
number of them were obtained incidental to work with white-tailed
ptarmigan.   although there are late may records, most of
these
records fall within the dates 26 june-22 august.   to my
knowledge, only one nest has been discovered in nm.   it was
found
and photographed by paul hendricks below lake peak in the cirque above
nambe lake, where he observed a pair feeding nestlings 21-22 august
1976.   given the
nature of the habitat where these finches nest, it is not too
surprising that only one nest has been documented.


return
to top of page


visit
to the crest house on 3-13-2003
by hart r. schwarz

 (hart is a neotropical bird
specialist with
the cibola national forest)

the
rosy-finch phenomenon: ken schneider of cedar
crest,
nm has put the wintering rosy finches on the map, but
they didn't suddenly appear in 1999 when ken first saw them.
they were conspicuously present in 1974 when i arrived in albuquerque
and had been reported from the crest as early as the
1950’s. and for hundreds, nay thousands of years, they have
undoubtedly
visited the sandias from early november through late march, just as
they do today—only no one was there to notice them. half a
century ago there were but a handful of birders in the albuquerque
area, and they were sorely challenged and precluded by a dirt road
well nigh impassable in the depth of winter.  today we take
easy access for granted, but it wasn't always so!

in any case, ken decided against chasing the finches up and down the
crest trail as
we were wont to do in years gone by, and instead scattered seeds in the
parking lot to attract them in 1999; subsequently, he was instrumental
in getting three feeders put up near the
crest house in 2002, one of which is just outside on the patio,
affording good viewing even from inside the building. this proved
to be a great arrangement for local birders, who could always be
assured that a roving flock would cruise in from time to time. but ken
took his finchophilia
a step further by creating a comprehensive and
very popular web site devoted to the rosy finches, an accomplishment
which has sparked world-wide interest in these fascinating birds
that hail from frigid arctic wastes to spend the winter months in the
comparative balm of new mexico. in other words, ken, with an assist
from the internet, has catapulted our rosy finches into undreamed-of
heights of notoriety. yes, the rosies have always been here, but
never has it been so easy to enjoy them! 

my
own recent encounter with the rosy finches: as it
had been
quite some time since i had last visited the crest
house, or the rosy finches for that matter, i was astonished not only
to see the “new” facility and its greatly expanded
interior, but also
the beautiful deck or patio where the primary feeder with the hulled
sunflower seeds is located. even with the
presence of these feeders, the rosy finches spend most of their time
cruising the crest and the canyons below, swirling and dipping across
their rugged terrain in coordinated flight and always on the lookout
for yet another place to feed. but every hour or two, they would fly
in, settle on the tops of nearby trees and then, when the coast was
clear, descend en masse onto the deck feeder, filling it to capacity
like so
many bees in a honeycomb. then, after a few minutes and their hunger
abated, they rose up as a body to resume their freewheeling lifestyle
beyond the ken of the earthbound. 

during the four hours or so of enjoying the deck and the local birds
hanging out near the feeder, the rosy finches appeared four times in
flocks numbering from twenty to eighty individuals. virtually all the
birds were brown-capped rosy-finches and black rosy-finches, with the
former outnumbering the latter about two to one. the gray-crowned
rosy-finches already seemed to have departed for their summer homes,
perhaps because they have to travel farther than their
comrades—all the
way up to alaska, the yukon and british columbia. only a couple of
hepburn’s had remained behind, as well as two or three
indeterminate
ones, having a hint
of gray flaring out behind the eyes. since gray-crowns are said to show
the least sexual dimorphism (bent), and therefore likely to show the
least attenuation of their classic field guide images, it is not
inconceivable that these faded-looking birds were female blacks. by the
end of march even these stragglers will return to
their frosty homes, the formidable bastions of the high rockies, where,
with white-tailed ptarmigans and american pipits, they will go another
round in the eternal game of survival against the elements. perhaps the
sunflower seeds they enjoyed in the sandias will give them a little
extra edge!

return to top of page

  

 
weather
conditions, forecast and fire closures: 


subtract
about 11 degrees
from
cedar
crest temperature (at 7000 ft) for sandia crest temperature (10,678
ft). 
average
temperatures and precipitation at sandia crest, by month

time of
sunrise and sunset, by month

road
conditions (nm-536, nm-14, i-40)  or
call road advisory hotline
at:  1-800-432-4269.
fire closures and
cibola national forest information

webcams
that show current weather
conditions:
view sandia
crest from the east, 
and current conditions at paa-ko ridge golf course (6800 feet
elevation), a
couple of miles north of  the intersection of nm-14 and the
road
to the crest. sandia crest is in the right background. 
views
of
albuquerque 
 
sandia
ranger station
in
tijeras (505-281-3304) winter hours: 8:00am-4:30pm monday through
friday; closed  saturday and sundays.  the sandia
crest visitor center (505-248-0190) is no longer staffed because of
budget restrictions.


return
to top of page





support nm
department
of  game and fish non-game share with wildlife
program.  

visit their web page for lists of  threatened and endangered
species, and lists of projects.




not an advertisement- profits from
wholesale sales donated to cnmas
ryan beaulieu scholarship fund

rosy-finch
t-shirt:   out of
stock at crest house!
generous
fit,
high quality, heavyweight t-shirts, gildan ultra cotton ts, 100%
cotton; 6.1 oz., with a screen-printed design.   they are
pre-shrunk, have a taped neck and shoulders, and double needle
stitching throughout the garment.   light blue or athletic
gray,
in sizes m, l and xl, with either large or small logo. (designed 
by ken schneider).  

rosy-finch
cloth
patch 
at crest house 
round, 3 inch, 7
color, fully embroidered. (designed ken
schneider).  

metal
rosy-finch lapel pin  at crest house
round,
1
inch solid brass, black nickel metal coated and filled with  5
colors, covered by clear epoxy dome.  ideal for the tourist
and
serious
"lister" to wear on vest or hat. (designed by ken
schneider)



3"
cloth
patch
 
                                                                                            

 1" metal pin
















report
your
rosy-finch sightings to ebird!




visit 
surfbirds.com for world birding news.









return to top of page

 

 click
here to find
other web pages that link to my website  








visitors
since october 1,
2003


report
any errors, broken links and send comments to us at  e-mail:
ken and mary lou schneider

