





















onfocus by paul bausch



onfocus


home
 ◆ 
about






	welcome to onfocus—a weblog by paul bausch where i post recommended links, my photos, and occasional thoughts. subscribe here if you like rss.



 a working library
make life possible

…screens and all the technologies that accompany them are tools to make the world seem more predictable and less uncertain: infinite scroll; autoplay; the always-on “live” news cycle; the steady drumbeat of notifications; the apps that summon servants to our doors, hiding all the labor and improvisation and accidents (often involving blood and bone) that go into moving atoms from one place to another. these tools train us in convenience, which is training in predictability, in the facade of certainty. and when that facade inevitably breaks, we often find ourselves at sea.

strategies for living with uncertainty.
 
recommended · feb 15th, 11:28 am
paul bausch



 aresluna
the hardest working font in manhattan

one day, i saw what felt like gorton on a ferry traversing the waters bay area. a few weeks later, i spotted it on a sign in a national park. then on an intercom. on a street lighting access cover. in an elevator. at my dentist’s office. in an alley.

beautiful story of discovering some surprisingly ubiquitous typography that tells us about past production methods.
 
recommended · feb 15th, 10:06 am
paul bausch



 nbc news
trump administration wants to un-fire some nuclear safety workers but can't figure out how to reach them

the individuals, who work in an agency that overseas the nation's nuclear stockpile, had been fired on thursday and lost access to their federal government email accounts.

trimming the fat.
 
recommended · feb 15th, 9:31 am
paul bausch



 the atlantic
there’s a term for what trump and musk are doing

although trump and musk insist they are fighting fraud, they have not yet provided evidence for their sweeping claims. although they demand transparency, musk conceals his own conflicts of interest. although they do say they want efficiency, musk has made no attempt to professionally audit or even understand many of the programs being cut. although they say they want to cut costs, the programs they are attacking represent a tiny fraction of the u.s. budget. the only thing these policies will certainly do, and are clearly designed to do, is alter the behavior and values of the civil service. suddenly, and not accidentally, people who work for the american federal government are having the same experience as people who find themselves living under foreign occupation.

this is a demolition, not a restructuring.
 
recommended · feb 15th, 8:38 am
paul bausch



 talking points memo
not hyperbole anymore: musk is in charge of the us government

i tell ya, i’m tryin’, dear friends. i’m struggling here not to engage in hyperbole. but i don’t know what else to call these people besides political commissars. and again, they report to elon musk. he’s already very clearly operating here as an independent actor whose actions the president blesses after he’s found out what’s happened. this is a parallel overlaying of authority over the entire structure of the u.s. government.

at least he got a security clearance and was approved by congress. oh wait.
 
recommended · feb 12th, 10:10 pm
paul bausch



 wweek.com
trump’s cuts to nih funding would be “devastating” to ohsu, interim president tells staff

“it’s a shit show,“ says dr. jeff jensen, vice chair of research in obstetrics and gynecology at the ohsu school of medicine. “but it’s that way by intention. they are doing it to destabilize everyone who didn’t vote for them. people will lose jobs.”

ohsu is a fantastic organization that does important work for humans regardless of party affiliation. it’s painful to watch them (and every research institution) being attacked for the lulz.
 
recommended · feb 11th, 6:52 am
paul bausch



 techdirt.
no, the people didn’t vote for this

a stunning 54% of americans now believe we’re in a constitutional crisis, according to recent yougov polling. they’re right. 

it’s not going well for uncle sam.
 
recommended · feb 11th, 6:42 am
paul bausch



 americanbar.org
the aba supports the rule of law

it has been three weeks since inauguration day. most americans recognize that newly elected leaders bring change. that is expected. but most americans also expect that changes will take place in accordance with the rule of law and in an orderly manner that respects the lives of affected individuals and the work they have been asked to perform.

just a completely normal statement from the american bar association advocating for the rule of law. very precedented.
 
recommended · feb 11th, 6:39 am
paul bausch



 politico
judge blocks trump administration from putting 2,200 usaid workers on leave

nichols noted that despite trump’s claim of massive “corruption and fraud” in the agency, government lawyers had no support for that argument in court. aside from that assertion, the judge said, the administration was unable to explain “what harm would befall the government if it could not immediately place on administrative leave the more than 2000 employees in question.”

it’s interesting to see what shows up in court vs press conferences. lawyers are still hesitant to present false evidence in court.
 
recommended · feb 9th, 8:12 am
paul bausch



 nbc news
head start child care programs are still unable to access federal money after trump's funding freeze

"this is terrible, these families are the most at risk, the most vulnerable across our state, and they depend on us for many services," said morrison-frichtl. "for some of our children, we meet two-thirds of their nutritional needs each day. families depend on us to get to their job, to have their child in a safe, educational, caring place."

the suffering is what people voted for. no, i don't really think everyone voted for this level of suffering.
 
recommended · feb 9th, 8:02 am
paul bausch



 the atlantic
the government’s computing experts say they are terrified

based on what has been reported, doge representatives have obtained or requested access to certain systems at the u.s. treasury, the department of health and human services, the office of personnel management, and the national oceanic and atmospheric administration, with eyes toward others, including the federal aviation administration. “this is the largest data breach and the largest it security breach in our country’s history—at least that’s publicly known,” one contractor who has worked on classified information-security systems at numerous government agencies told us this week. “you can’t un-ring this bell. once these doge guys have access to these data systems, they can ostensibly do with it what they want.”

republicans are a criminal organization. there's no other way to look at it.
 
recommended · feb 9th, 8:00 am
paul bausch



 salon.com
"the greatest threat we've ever faced": us treasury division classifies doge staff as extreme danger

an intelligence team within the department recommended stripping doge staffers of their access to data immediately.

what happens when the people who are supposed to enforce the law are breaking it?
 
recommended · feb 9th, 7:58 am
paul bausch



« older posts

showing 1 through 12 of 5,570 posts.





home ◆ about ◆ archive








