



orange public schools / overview


















































































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school

orange high school
stem innovation academy of the oranges
orange preparatory academy of inquiry and innovation
central elementary school
cleveland street school
forest street community school
heywood avenue school
lincoln avenue school
oakwood avenue community school
park avenue school
rosa parks community school
scholars academy
orange early childhood center
john robert lewis early childhood center
twilight program






sign in


search our site
















home
"



homepage landing



our district
"



about our district
our schools
meet the superintendent →
our administrators
strategic plan 2021-2026
district calendar 2025
district assessment calendar →
district goals and objectives



board of education
"
presidents message
board associations
board liaison to designated schools
board of education goals
board presentations
rfq
lead water test results
district goals
superintendent's contract


board members
memorandum of agreement b/w education and law enforcement
njqsac
board committees
disciplinary hearing committee
board meeting agendas
board minutes
board announcement
every student succeeds act (essa) and individuals with disabilities education act (idea)
boarddocs



departments
"
gifted and talented
guidance department
parent engagement
english language arts
bilingual/esl/world languages
career and technical education (cte)
nurse's corner
overview-old
photo galleries


office of the superintendent
office of early childhood education
office of humanities
office of innovation and community engagement
office of special education and behavioral intervention
office of stem-focused learning
office of bilingual / esl / world languages
central registration
testing



business office
"
pension
hr payroll module
district policies and regulations
vendor information


overview
budgets, salaries, benefits
district reports & presentations
ofac compliance review
standard operating procedures
manuals
certificate of excellence in financial reporting
opra
business forms
district food service
information technology
lead in water testing
district safety committee
indoor air quality (iaq) written plan



human resources
"
information technology
why teach in orange?
organizational chart


meet the hr team
employment opportunities
general information
hr forms
policies and employee rights
affirmative action
district mentor plan
employee benefits
district evaluation advisory committee (deac)
covid-19 information



for staff
"
daily covid-19 employee survey


office 365 email login
genesis login
hr payroll module
help desk support
facilitron administrators
frontline single sign on
asset essentials single sign on
genesis schoolfi employee portal
genesis schoolfi staff management portal (admins only)
class intercom for social media →
wasp asset cloud



parents & students
"
academic competition experience
grading, promotion, retention guidelines
parent portal aup
parent portal deny aup
students
learning and homework resources
district online subscriptions  links


parent portal



facilities use
"



online facility request and rental system
facilities



calendar
"



calendar redirect



community
"
central campus community school
parents



employment
"




schools
"




curriculum
"
educational technology
english language arts
instructional technology
mathematics
njsla and parcc results
office of the deputy superintendent
opa auditorium schedule
physical education/health
professional development
qsac
s.t.e.m.
science
social studies
teacher induction
testing
training
visual & performing arts
summer programs
gifted and talented curriculum and standards


grading, promotion, and retention guidelines



special programs
"




special services
"
special services forms
parent advisory group-special needs amazing parents (snap)
services offered
articles
special education programs
important links
easy iep login (for staff)



emergency extended learning resources
"



expectations for at-home instruction



covid-19 resources
"



covid-19 resources









what are you looking for?

submit search
















                                orange public schools
                            

                                gerald fitzhugh, ii, ed.d.,                   superintendent of schools
                            





language



users























































special announcement from the superintendent of schools
 

orange school district community,
should you have any questions about returning to school, you are encouraged to send an email to reopeningofschools@orange.k12.nj.us. you will receive an email response within 24 hours. thank you for your continued support of the orange public schools.
gerald fitzhugh, ii, ed.d.superintendent of schools 
 



















find it fast













district news











inspiring the next generation:  bowie state, howard, and montclair state universities

join us for an inspiring three-part workshop series designed to highlight the impact and opportunities of a career in teaching, especially for students, parents, educators, and university partners.

comments (-1)












important message for parents & guardians

january 30 — our district is committed to the safety and well-being of every student. where reports about ice activity near schools have raised concerns, we want to reassure families that federal law protects schools as sensitive locations, and we are dedicated to upholding student rights. 

comments (-1)












district update: addressing community concerns

january 29 — the orange public school district is aware of concerns regarding ice presence at orange high school and orange preparatory academy. we want to clarify that no ice officers were present at either school. please read the full letter for details.

comments (-1)












essex county college dual enrollment application is open!

apply now!  the essex county college dual enrollment program application is now open!  grade 8 students & parents, take advantage of this opportunity to apply to our program; earning both a hs diploma and associate degree in four years.

comments (-1)












2025 graduation & moving up ceremonies announced

january 23 — mark your calendars! the orange public school district is thrilled to announce the dates for this year's graduation and moving up ceremonies for pre-k, kindergarten, grade 7, grade 8, and high school.

comments (-1)












orange public schools welcomes guests from south korea

january 17 — orange public schools proudly welcomed a distinguished group of international guests from busan national university of education, south korea, as part of a collaborative partnership with montclair state university and the network for educational renewal.

comments (-1)












district hosts 3rd young womens' leadership summit

january 10, 2025 — 180 young women came together for a day of empowerment at the young women’s leadership summit. the special event connected students with mentors to spark their potential and inspire them to grow with confidence and purpose.

comments (-1)




more 
























2024 - 2025 cep school meals and ebt benefits

greetings parents and guardians:
orange public school is participating in a federal program available to select schools as part of the national school lunch program called the community eligibility provision (cep). our participation means that all students attending the orange public schools are eligible to receive breakfast and lunch at no charge throughout the current school year.  yearly, your participation is essential in order for us to provide the department of education with the information it needs to ensure our school will continue to receive critical state funding.  

community eligibility provision - parent letter
documento de la disposición de elegibilidad deo al communjdad - carta para padres 
dokiman pwovizyon pou elijibilite kominote - lèt pou paran yo

 
please visit the food services department to complete the household survey in english, spanish or haitian creole.
click here to complete the 2024 - 2025 household english survey today! 
 
 
summer ebt
learn more about how summer ebt benefits will be received at https://www.nj.gov/summerebt/recieve-benefits/










































notices






calendar



comments (-1)







parent university

the orange public schools is pleased to announce the launch of the 2024–2025 parent university!
we invite parents, families, and the orange community interested in attending the workshops to apply. all applications will be reviewed upon submission with quick feedback on acceptance status.
to register, visit parent university website at: https://trst.in/sdab8a


comments (-1)







superintendent's weekly messagefebruary 14, 2025
 


 
the latest update from dr. fitzhugh for the week of 
february 14th is now available!


comments (-1)







marking period timelines

marking period timelines are now avaialble fo the 2024-2025 school year! learn more at orange.k12.nj.us/calendar.


comments (-1)







genesis parent portal registration
 

click the links below for 
genesis registration forms:
•in english •en español •an kreyòl ayisyen
click here for more information.
click here for the flyer.


comments (-1)

















quick links


district calendar

district assessment calendar

district goals 24-25 → 

district professional development plan →

district policies and manuals

 bylaws and policies for the board of education


employment opportunities

facilitron - online facility request and rental system

genesis parent and student login

orange public schools grading, promotion, retention guidelines

orange public schools registration information

superintendent's report

other important links

city of orange township

oea web site




































upcoming events



there are no upcoming events to display.

view calendar
























orange high school athletics



comments (-1)












orange high school live athletic schedules



comments (-1)







subscribe to rss feed - null 











#goodtogreat🍊







visit us
orange public schools451 lincoln avenue
orange, nj 07050
get directions


contact us
phone: 973-677-4000 
fax: 
email us




site map









disclaimer text



















questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close





















