




















amazonas by viverde: discover the amazon forest



 
 
 
 









versão em português
version en español

the amazon forest as you want


					located in manaus, amazonas by viverde has a close partnership with the main protagonists of local tourism, knowledge of the region and its peculiarities.
				






hotels of forest

						the lodges offer complete packages including accommodation, transportation since manaus hotels or airport,
						all meals, guided excursions to know the many different aspects of the rainforest (fauna, flora and local) with specialized and bilingual guides and native guide.
						the difference is the location and few particular characteristics of services offered.
					
[see our comparative list of hotels of forest].
				






river cruises

						rivers are the best way to discover the mysteries of the amazon rainforest.
						for small groups or traveling alone, you can opt for regular cruises or charter cruises, with itineraries covering the amazon basin, national parks, and state reserves.
						you even have the option of making your own itinerary according to your time and resources, combining a jungle hotel stay with a river cruise.
					
[list of cruises regular and charter options].
				




hotels in manaus

						get to know our city, our culture, our fauna & flora and even the work of some institutions that help in the development of the amazon,
						such as the science forest (inpa) and the cigs zoo (brazilian army). manaus is the gateway to jungle hotels and cruises, a different city,
						with interesting history and cuisine.
					
[a varied hotels in manaus options for your style].
				



about us
get in contact
info & booking







last updated: february/2025

amazonas by viverde
cnpj: 01.153.724/0001-38 / razão social: viverde turismo ltda. 
rua das guariúbas, 47 - parque acariquara - zip: 69082-665 - manaus/am - brazil
whatsapp/sms: (55 92) 99983-3206 pt/es  -  (55 92) 99996-1832 en - e-mail: amazon@amazonastravel.com.br









all rights reserved to amazonas by viverde, 1996/2025



