






the university of rhode island













































skip to content





search



searchbox






university of rhode island


you

future students
students
faculty
staff
parents and families
alumni
community






 
main menu open/close

admission
academics
research
campus life
about
giving

 









university of rhode island achieves prestigious carnegie r1 status, ascends to top tier of u.s. research universitiesa milestone in research excellence



showcasing women artistsuri will showcase the work of a dozen women artists this spring with the exhibit “vibrance/essence(n): defining color and texture,” in celebration of women’s history month.feb. 18-apr. 24, higgins welcome center, lippitt hallcarnegie r1 celebrationfaculty, students, staff, state officials, and friends celebrated the prestigious r1 carnegie classification, which places the university among the nation’s top research institutions. 'beginning of a new era at uri' 
international partnershipuri professor of environmental and natural resource economics emi uchida led a u.s. team to indonesia to conduct fieldwork for the global center for blue climate solutions in january. two-year nsf research project
unity luncheon gallerythe uri martin luther king jr. unity luncheon welcomed keynote speaker rev. j. timothy quainoo ‘12 and introduced the work of artist agonza ‘16 to the 2025 annual event.see photos


more features
news
events




 






you can do that here.
discover everything that uri has to offer.
learn more















the wall street journal ranks uri

#1


publicuniversity
in new england


and #35 public universityin the nation












 
 
academics
at the university of rhode island, our faculty and programs challenge you to expand your vision of what’s possible.



academics overviewuri's academic programs offer you the opportunity for a broader view of the world.explore academics at uri


undergraduateour 90-plus majors and 100-plus minors offer you a whole world of possibilities. the choice is yours.find your major


graduateexplore our full-time and part-time graduate degree and certificate programs.search graduate programs








admission
the university of rhode island offers you a welcoming community, a beautiful campus near the ocean, and countless options for creating the future of your dreams.


common app
learn more
international admission








connectapplytourgive 






university

leadership
diversity and inclusion
global
campuses
safety




campus life

housing
dining
athletics and recreation
health and wellness
events




academics

undergraduate
graduate
advising
libraries
internships








facebookinstagramxyoutube 




work at uri
public records
web accessibility

copyright © 2025 university of rhode island | university of rhode island, kingston, ri 02881, usa | 1.401.874.1000
uri is an equal opportunity employer committed to the principles of affirmative action.

















