



psychology resources in india and world
















 


skip to content


a2z
pschology




directory
dictionary
india
forum
free test
feedback
















  
 custom search 




 












attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd))
      adhd can make children feel bad about themselves. they may see themselves as failures, when they are not. they need help with this common childhood illness. with the right care, children with adhd are able to pay attention, control their behavior, and slow their fast pace.  

bipolar disorder

      bipolar disorder, also known as manic-depressive illness, is a brain disorder that causes unusual shifts in a persons mood, energy, and ability to function.           different from the normal ups and downs that everyone goes through, the symptoms of bipolar disorder are severe.
  

borderline personality disorder

      borderline personality disorder (bpd) is a serious mental illness characterized by pervasive instability in mood, inter-personal relationships, self-image,           and behavior. this instability often disrupts family and work life, long-term planning, and the individual's sense of self-identity.
        

depression and hiv/aids

      research has enabled many men and women, and young people living with hiv, lead fuller, more productive lives. as with other serious illnesses such as           cancer, heart disease or stroke, however, hiv often can be accompanied by depression, an illness that can affect mind, mood, body and behavior.
        

schizophrenia

     schizophrenia is a chronic, severe, and disabling brain disease. approximately 1 percent of the population develops schizophrenia during their lifetime - more than 2 million americans suffer from the illness in a given year.
        

social phobia

      social phobia is a real illness, but can be treated. if you have social phobia, you are very worried about embarrassing yourself in front of other people.           your fears may be so serious that you cannot do everyday things. 
        



 

exclusive links




great psychologists
              hall of fame : biographies of all time great psychologists... 



rorschach 
              ink blot
              a projective test used for personality assessment...



brain and behavior
              brain is the master control of body. 
              the brain constantly receives...





india exclusive




psychology jobs
exclusive 
              job site | uk jobs



 alumni zone



courses in psychology in india



career guide



 ias psychology guide



psychology 
              associations in india




recommended




making psychology part of life
 



 psychology dictionary



 
          dsm-iv classification



apa style guide for 
          citations



interpretation of dreams
                        
 e-book 



 
                    icd 10 guide for mental retardation



who guide to need 
      assessment



hand picked psychology links



resources on web




recently featured




kurt lewin's change theory 




emotional intelligence



tips to get rid of stress



adolescents depression



psychological well-being



schools of psychology



psychology as career



hypnotism : a scientific approach



view all>>










browse

search a psychologist
psychology guide
hall of fame
organization directory
discussion forum
india exclusive
articles
book stand
pink city: jaipur

 

bookmark this page





script generator
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





 advertisements 









 




home
disclaimer
privacy policy
advertise with us




copyright © a2zpsychology.com (2002-2010). all rights reserved.







 