



the randsburg inn






























enjoy nature in comfort in randsburg, ca
the historic commercial hotel has been completely refurbished to become a marvelous inn with modern comforts and amenities, while retaining all the charm, romance and history of a bygone era.
experience an authentic, turn of the century, gold mining town that has been preserved in time.
randsburg has numerous historic buildings, many containing small shops similar to those that thrived here during the gold boom.
experience this "living ghost town" and the surrounding beauty, quiet and tranquility of the high desert.
enjoy the vast landscapes, including vistas of the el paso mountain range and the high sierras.
come explore! for images of the hotel





inn amenities include: full kitchen, wood burning stove, common room with dvd & vcr player,  outdoor bbq, back porch with mountain view.
also available:
horse hotel- $20.00 per horse/per night3 stalls: 20' x 20'includes water, feed not supplied










reasonable rates starting at $105.00 plus 6% tax(based on double occupancy)


























to make a reservation call- 760-374-2332
or send us an email here























just one mile by paved road off of highway 395from highway 395, turn west at the randsburg sign and follow the road until it forks left onto butte avenue.we're ahead, on the left about 1/2 block, just past, and across, from the randsburg general store at the "randsburg inn"

1 to 2 hours from the los angeles area
1 1/2 hours from bakersfield
1 hour from barstow
2 hours from san bernardino/riverside
1 hour from victorville
2 hours from death valley
20 minutes from ridgecrest







where the hellis randsburg?









google mapsto the general store










back to the top




























site history:
orpheum theater -the original building on this site was the orpheum theater which was opened in 1897 by joe petrich.  the orpheum was the center of entertainment for the miners in town.  stage plays, dance hall girls, ladies of the evening, and a gymnasium in the basement were just some of the offerings of the establishment.
roberta martin starry states in her book desert bonanza that, "according to one oldtimer, in 1899 the orpheum theater or woodward's dance hall  was at its best.  each night there was a brass band in front to render the opening noise; bass drums and horn, cornet and trombone."  joe woodward ran the orpheum from 1899 until it burned down in the fire of 1903.
my place dance hall- from 1903 until 1907, marguerite roberts ran a "house of ill repute" on or about this location called, my place dance hall.  several trade tokens from this dance hall and the orpheum theater have been found around the small buildings called "cribs" located directly behind the hotel. 
the "goody two shoes" types tried repeatedly to shut down this house but marguerite was able to keep the dance hall open until her death in 1907.  marguerite is buried in the local cemetery. 
the commercial hotel- the mining boom of 1922 created a demand for more hotels.  to help fill this demand, a mrs. artibe had the commercial hotel built in 1922.  the lumber for this hotel was furnished by the johannesburg lumber company.












the randsburg inn
hotel photos
find us
map
links



website designed by cheryl mcdonald




the randsburg inn
hotel photos
find us
map
links



































