






marchant thomas genealogy











descendants of marchant thomas
and related families of owsley county, ky
this is the home of the descendants of marchant thomas, born 1771 south carolina.

it includes families of carmack, combs, couch, gabbard, sizemore, & others.






stories
mary campbell

mary ann mangan

hugh & rena's journey

lewis thomas

susie's place

four sons of joseph thomas

in the civil war


c. 1923

elijah thomas, b. 1842
(son of joseph thomas and anna couch)

with children:   standing, mary thomas
campbell.  seated,

  isabell thomas tirey and  lewis "bud" thomas.

articles
from the researcher

acknowledgements

marchant vs abraham

early thomas families

about the author

glenn twist

noah anderson twist

betty thomas finger dna results



visit our sister site sizemore cherokee records




surname
list     persons
index     what others
are saying

marriage records
about kentucky marriages


catharine thomas & john s.
johnson
1824


jane thomas & daniel davidson
1826


isaac thomas & elizabeth smith
1827


mary ellen thomas & john "ky john" wilson
1830


william thomas & mary mccollum
1837


jessee thomas & martha combs
1843


elisha thomas & rachel mccollum
1844


mary thomas & james brandenburgh
1853


elisha thomas & elizabeth bowman
1859


simeon thomas & sarah mays
1865


baird/biard thomas & deborah brock
1871


kimber azo thomas & elizabeth
carlton
1871


henderson sizemore & nancy
gabbard
1871


rachel thomas campbell & william
pruit
1903




griffith cemetery

our privacy policy




attention please. if you are using any data from my site, i
would appreciate it if you would attach my name to it as the source. i have put a great deal of
time and effort into separating the wheat from the weeds in my thomas information.
that's not to say it's infallible, but my conclusions are based upon extensive research. i
have made every attempt to go to the primary source wherever possible, even going to the
national archives in washington, dc to view original pension records. all of my sources are
documented and i have tried to verify information given to me by others. you are welcome to use
information from this site if you credit me as the source (can be in the form of a link to my
site). your cooperation in this will allow me to keep my site freely accessible to
everyone.



thank you


© 2018 betty thomas finger



search the marchant thomas site




 keep in mind that the name you are searching
for may be found

anywhere on the page, so at times you may have to scroll

down quite a bit to find it. 

since this search engine is a free service of freefind,

some advertising (links) will appear first on the results page.














a coat
of arms is an emblem or a device which is displayed by titled persons, persons of royal blood, and
their descendants. coats of arms were originally used for purposes of identification and
recognition on the field of battle as well as
in civil life.


it is claimed by some writers that coats of arms, in a crude form, were used by noah's sons
after the flood. there are records of other coats of arms, in one crude form of another, at
different periods of ancient history. heraldry, however, as we know it today, did not become of
much importance until soon after the invasion of england by william the conqueror, 1066 c.e.
heraldry became of general interest at about the time of the crusades.


the thomas coat of arms shown here is the arms of the thomases of wales. coats of arms very
similar to it are used by the thomases of selling, co. kent (confirmed 1622); clevening and
brittens, co. kent (ante 1663); and many others. numerous other branches of the thomas family have
coats of arms resembling it.


this is the most widely used of all thomas coats of arms. it is described in burke's general
armory, burke's landed gentry, burke's peerage and baronetage and other reliable works on
heraldry, in some cases accompanied by illustrations and pedigrees. the thomas book, published in
new york city, 1896, records it as the arms of sir rhys ap thomas (knight of the garter), the
thomases descended from him, and many allied lines. it has been used for generations by other
american branches of the thomas family. — thomas family history, lewis j. thomas and
james lewis thomas








this site is maintained by
betty thomas finger.

for comments, corrections, and additions please contact us


hosted by sacranet



