

greaseman.org














main page

a biography
the bit vault
video
pictures

articles
comics
the book
miscellaneous
greasy links
feedback













topicality








june 11, 2024
-- time for a featured video!  in 1994, grease visited atlanta's z-93 on his world tour '94.  john babcock & joe kelly from georgia state tv (gstv) visited the studio and got some behind-the-scenes
action and an exclusive interview with grease for their show 'mixed nuts'.  they are kind enough to share this episode with greasefans here.  thanks, guys!  check it out in the video page:
video - tv profiles & appearances - 'mixed nuts' at z-93 atlanta

august 21, 2023
-- grease is now on cameo!  you can request custom videos for greetings, anniversaries, retirements, etc.  just go to cameo.com
and search for 'greaseman', or click here!


may 21, 2023
-- two updates for you today.  first off, there's a new collection of 7 hours (!) of grease bits from z-93 in 1994.  thanks to aaron for sending them in!  click the following link to listen:

aaron's z-93 collection
second off, ever want to have a way to listen to bits easily on your phone or in your car?  well wait no longer, because we now have a podcast!
one of the og's, carlos (of carlos' bit server in the bit vault), has created a podcast feed full of random bits from the greaseman.org bit server which updates regularly.
if you're a podcast listener, add this feed to your subscriptions to get a few bits efd (every day):


https://pods.jcas.com/greasepod.xml (copy & paste to a podcast player, not a clickable link)



march 27, 2023
-- we've got something a little special for ya, greasefans!  when the greaseman first came to dc/101 in 1982, pm magazine producer/director steve howard did a 13-part series of profiles & comedy
bits with grease to introduce him to the d.c. area.  steve was kind enough to share these with grease, and here they are for your enjoyment.  thanks, steve!  check them out in the video page:
video - tv & filmography - pm magazine 1982
august 28, 2022
-- time for another triennial (google it) update! grease fan robert coats sent me a write-up of his experience as a part-time joke/bit writer for the grease show during its syndication run.
check it out for some behind-the-scenes info and listen to one of the bits he contributed!

i was a writer for the greaseman show - by robert coats
september 2, 2019
-- whoa, an update?  yes, it's been over three years, but this site is still alive and will be updated when there is greaseman news or new media.  in this case, i was recently sent
a new animated video from rebecca friedman which is a welcome addition to the video - fan creations section.  enjoy ...the toe monster!

may 22, 2016
-- added some material to the bit vault that's been sent in to me.  check out wape airchecks from tim, dc/101 bits from
mark and younglove two, and new music bed youtube links from jeremy & tom!



december 20, 2015
-- merry christmas, everybody! long time no shriek. to celebrate the 10th anniversary of grease's christmas cd: "a very greasy christmas, volume one",
grease is letting us post it here for the holiday season! the audio was provided by greasefan axeman as a single mp3 file to download or stream. enjoy the tunes, and thank you to grease & axeman!
the greaseman - a very greasy christmas, volume one
october 8, 2013
-- check out the great new animated bit sent in by a fan, or rather by a fan's dad :-)  a classic grease bit brought to life...
tapeworm!
february 25, 2013
-- fans of the greaseman from the big ape era, rejoice! greasefan doug williamson has sent in nearly 9 hours of vintage
greaseman airchecks from wape from 1979-1982, most of which has never been available before! check out grease with hoyle dempsey,
traffic reporter robbie rose, interviewing the march 1980 playmate, and talking about his big move to washington d.c. on his last show at wape on july 2nd, 1982! thanks, doug w.!

august 17, 2012
-- greaseman animations! grease fan and professional animator rebecca friedman has created animations to match a couple of classic grease bits.
check them out in the video - fan creations section!


















greaseman.org is an unofficial greasefan website









grease on the web






the greaseman has several social media sites that are actively updated with topicality & media. for the latest & greatest from grease himself, click it!



    
grease's facebook page


    
grease's youtube channel


  
grease's cameo page



























