
























homepage | the united nations office at geneva






      skip to main content
    






welcome to the united nations



العربية中文englishfrançaispусскийespañol

العربية中文englishfrançaispусскийespañol




















united nations 


the united nations office at geneva



 

menu






quicklinks
visitors
meeting participants
permanent missions
journalists
civil society
vendors
students & graduates
job seekers
practical information









search


 











main navigation







about 

about
learn more about the un presence and work in geneva.


who we are 

director-general 

the un in geneva 

the league of nations 

blue book 

topics 

careers 

practical information 




news & media 

news & media
latest information from un geneva and news from around the globe. 


press centre 

latest news 

video series 

podcasts 

for journalists 




meetings & events 

meetings & events
important and practical information for meeting organizers and participants.


meetings 

events 

conference rooms 

practical information 




library & archives 

library & archives
a centre for research and instrument of international understanding.


library 

archives 

un museum 

publications 




engage 

engage
be part of the united nations efforts.


take action 

join our events 

un for kids 

students and graduates 

civil society 

campaigns 




visit us 











 


























        focus on
        


















un rights office warns of ‘dangerous tipping point’ as abuses surge in sudan.
 

      the un human rights office (ohchr) on tuesday sounded the alarm over escalating rights abuses in sudan, warning that impunity is driving violations as fighting spreads and more armed groups become involved. in a new report, un investigators detailed multiple attacks on civilians, healthcare facilities, markets, and schools, as well as ethnically motivated summary executions. “some of these acts may amount to war crimes.
  














stand up for social justice: special concert at the united nations
 

      on 12 february, the palais des nations opened its door for a powerful celebration of unity and justice.to mark the world day of social justice, the un research institute for social development (unidir), in collaboration with shap shap for the antigel festival, brough together local youth, artists and collectives from the global south to amplify their voices, challenging inequalities and inspiring change.
  














geneva press briefing: ohchr, unhcr, ifrc, unece, unesco - 18.02.25
 

      🎦 entrenched impunity fueling violations in sudan 🎦 three years of full-scale invasion of ukraine 🎦 dire situation in the democratic republic of the congo 🎦 persecution of opponents and activists in tunisia 🎦 road safety
  














international mother language day celebrations
 

      2025 marks the 25th anniversary of international mother language day. with this silver jubilee celebrations, let us demonstrate our commitment and efforts to cultivating a multilingual workforce and preserve linguistic diversity.
  
















happening at un geneva

















        international mother language day celebrations
    

from 17 to 28 february -  photobooth located close to the cagi cultural kiosk

as part of its celebrations of this year’s upcoming international mother language day, the division of conference management is happy to announce the return of its multilingual photobooth! starting monday, 17 february, join us at the entrance of the serpent bar in building e; you will be able to take photos at the photobooth, showcasing all the languages you speak! don’t forget to share your photos on social media, tagging @ungeneva, using #iammultilingual. 




     

event page



















        committee on economic, social and cultural rights (cescr)
    

 77th session - 10 to 28 february 2025

the committee on economic, social and cultural rights (cescr) is the body of 18 independent experts that monitors implementation of the international covenant on economic, social and cultural rights by its state parties. the covenant enshrines economic, social and cultural rights such as the rights to adequate food, adequate housing, education, health, social security, water and sanitation, and work.the committee seeks to develop a constructive dialogue with state parties, determine whether the covenant's norms are being applied, and assess how the implementation and enforcement of the covenant could be improved so all people can enjoy these rights in full.




     

meeting summaries



















        committee on the elimination of discrimination against women (cedaw)
    

90th session (03 - 21 feb 2025)

the committee on the elimination of discrimination against women (cedaw) is the body of independent experts that monitors implementation of the convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women. the cedaw committee consists of 23 experts on women's rights from around the world.the cedaw treaty is a tool that helps women around the world to bring about change in their daily life. in countries that have ratified the treaty, cedaw has proved invaluable in opposing the effects of discrimination, which include violence, poverty, and lack of legal protections, along with the denial of inheritance, property rights, and access to credit.




     

meeting summaries



     

information





 







meeting summaries 




press releases




biweekly calendar of activities




calendar of major meetings




today's meetings









        website highlights
        







blue book







the league of nations







graduate study programme







visit us







careers







about the palais des nations




















social media links


 
facebook
 

 
flickr
 

 
instagram
 

 
linkedin
 

 
x (formerly twitter)
 

 
youtube
 








footer links



contact 

terms of use 

privacy notice 

multilingualism disclaimer 














