




the panda’s thumb

























 main
 archives
 search









fratercula arctica
 by matt young

february 17, 2025 12:00 mst
 0 comments




fratercula arctica   – atlantic puffin, iceland, august, 2010.


the eminent physicist r.w. wood is well remembered for his work physical optics, published in 1911. i always had a paperback handy and used it well into the 1990’s. in 1907, wood published how to tell the birds from the flowers, a manual of flornithology for beginners, illustrated by the author. his discussion of the puffin follows:
upon this cake of ice is perched,
the paddle-footed puffin
to find his double we have searched,
but have discovered—nuffin!
the puffin is the only creature in the book that has no double.







conservation of arguments
 by joe felsenstein

february 6, 2025 21:00 mst
 0 comments



a shell game in which 
the odds are not too bad, especially as we can see what's going on.

 
william dembski has recently made two posts (on january 10 and on january 20) at
evolution news, the advocacy site of the discovery institute’s center for 
science and culture.  he describes them as sections of a paper he 
submitted to the di’s house journal bio-complexity.  the paper was not 
immediately accepted, he said, and in the meantime he wanted to post the
sections at en.
as dembski declares in the preface to the first of these posts, their argument in these posts is, in effect, that

conservation of information is a big result of the intelligent design literature, even if to date it hasn’t gotten the attention it deserves. it quantifies the amount of information needed to increase the probability of finding a needle in a haystack so that the needle can actually be found. the upshot of conservation of information is that the information needed to find a needle in a haystack in turn requires finding another needle in a haystack, implying there is no free lunch in search.

in dembski’s account, when evolutionary biologists argue that processes such as natural selection can put 
adaptive information into the genome, they are failing to explain where the information comes from.  they are 
building it into their evolutionary algorithms as a detailed goal, and not informing the reader that they have done that.  the biologists’ argument has thus simply displaced the question, not answered it.  dembski’s first post is illustrated by an illustration of the shell game, to label the argument of evolutionary biologists as a dishonest trick.
actually, the two posts leave dembski’s argument no further than it was 
some years ago.  we can deal with it without going into great detail, 
because we have seen these arguments before.  let’s ask, and answer, some brief questions as to what 
was accomplished:
continue reading 







a plug for the elements of marie curie, by dava sobel
 by matt young

february 4, 2025 13:31 mst
 0 comments







this is a plug, not a review. the full title is the elements of marie curie: how the glow of radium lit a path for women in science, by dava sobel. the use of “elements” in the title is a pun in more ways than one: besides mme. curie’s discovery of radium and polonium, each chapter is related, sometimes very tenuously, to a chemical element.
the book is a scientific biography of marie curie and her myriad of protégées. interestingly, though madame curie was sometimes perceived early on as pierre curie’s assistant, and as a woman she was not voted into the académie des sciences, ms. sobel gives no indication of any deliberate prejudice. in north america, by contrast, at least one of her protégées was threatened with losing her job if she married, and another simply gave up science upon her marriage.
continue reading 







uria sp.
 by matt young

february 3, 2025 12:00 mst
 0 comments




uria sp., probably u. aalge – common murre, or guillemot (but what do i know?), iceland, august, 2010.









the big chill: how yosemite valley and other glacial examples disprove the way-too-short biblical creationist ice age
 by gregory paul

january 23, 2025 09:00 mst
 0 comments




the author at yosemite.


gregory paul is an independent polymath researcher including in paleozoology and geology. his technical studies and popular articles have appeared in scientific american, bioscience, the anatomical record, annals of the carnegie museum, evolutionary theory, journal of vertebrate paleontology, journal of paleontology, modern geology, historical biology, paleobiology, evolutionary biology, cretaceous research, science, nature. his work has been covered by the new york times, washington post, science friday, science news, new scientist, discover, reuters. he designed the tyrannosaurus in jurassic park.
this article focuses on a subject that has received not much in the way of consideration, the young earth creationist (yec) view of the ice age that they propose followed the super flood. in this examination i am going to put some emphasis on one of the biggest canyons in these united states. not the often discussed grand canyon – the reasons why that colossal ditch was formed as a classic riverine v-shaped valley over millions of years in rocks up to 1.25 billion years old, rather than suddenly cut by a super flood in short order in post-flood deposits, has been well detailed.
the valley focused on here is yosemite. yosemite has received notably little attention in either the anti- or pro- creationist literature. that is both despite, and precisely because, the california canyon poses overwhelming problems that yec theory lacks practical means of explaining. this article also focuses on the apologetics of the top two creationist organizations, the institute for creation research and, especially, answers in genesis headed by the most popular living yec, ken ham.
the creationist conspiracy theory versus the natural truth
that the role played by the 2.5 year old quaternary ice age is on the side burner of the creation debate is ironic in that it played a critical role in beginning the scientific undermining of scriptural creationism.
continue reading 








    

  to see earlier posts, select the archives at the top of this page




recent comments

       to see the comment in context of the discussion click on the text that indicates how long ago the comment was posted, such as "2 hours ago".  then wait for the post 
     and then the comments to load (may take many seconds).  the comment should have a gray vertical bar to the left of the commenter's avatar.
      







copyright © the panda’s thumb and original authors — content provided under creative commons by-nc-nd license 4.0.








