







cleverwood marketing - seo & marketing advice for painters

































skip to content







search toggle



cleverwood marketingseo & marketing advice for painters


digital marketing


how to market your painting business online
5 ways to grow your st. petersburg, fl painting business with seo
what is seo? a quick guide for beginners
3 reasons seo can significantly increase your painting business


painting business


3 keys to starting a painting company website
pricing residential painting in tampa, fl


about patrick
contact
blog


chicago: a fascinating city to visit
a food lover’s guide to chicago
the best bars in chicago


 










menu









search for:



submit



















i’m moving to chicago for an seo job




post author









						by patty 




post date



july 16, 2020 




categories



						in seo 







i am excited to say that i was given a great opportunity today to come work for a digital marketing agency in the chicago area. i will be an seo tech, so that means i will focus on performing audits on company websites and reporting back to the seo manager on ways we can improve the website so it gets crawled better by google. 
chicago seo agencies typically work with larger companies so i am excited to see what companies i will work on. hopefully, i will be able to work with clients such as puma, disney, or lacoste. i have seen some of these companies on their our client’s page so i guess, i’ll just have to wait and see what projects they will give me. 
i also know that i will have a lot more work ahead of me because i only typically work with smaller local businesses, like painting companies. 

the city of chicago is a great place to work in the seo field. i have always heard good things about the city and the people who live there. i am excited to finally be able to experience it for myself. the weather will be a bit colder than what i am used to but that is something that i can adjust to. i am looking forward to exploring the city and finding new places to eat and visit.

i must try all the original foods like the chicago deep dish pizza and chicago style hot dog. i have also been told that the city has great shopping so i am excited to go to all the different malls and shops.

i have already started to look for apartments in the lincoln park area and i have found a few that i like. i am hoping to find one close to public transportation so i can easily get around. i am also looking for an apartment that is pet-friendly as i have a cat that i would like to bring with me.

i am also a die hard chicago cubs fan. so, it will be nice to be able to go to wrigley field and watch a game in person. i have been a cubs fan my whole life and it will be surreal to actually be able to see them play in person. go cubs go!

i start my new job in two weeks and i cannot wait. i am excited for this new adventure that i am embarking on and i cannot wait to see what the future holds. thank you for reading and i will keep you updated on my progress.

overall, i am extremely excited for this opportunity and i cannot wait to start my new job in chicago. i am looking forward to meeting new people and experiencing all that the city has to offer. wish me luck!

i will continue to post on this blog because i love helping out local businesses. i think they are the fuel for this economy and want to help out in any way that i can on the digital marketing side of things. 

be sure to continue to contact me. 





i’ve made it to tampa, fl! new home, same painters, and of course photo shoots in this beautiful city.




post author









						by patty 




post date



september 30, 2019 




categories



						in uncategorized 






it has been awhile since i have posted due to the busyness of life, but i have officially moved to tampa, fl. i was relocated for my job and i am happy with the results. the weather is warmer which is something i really appreciate. 
the weather in south bend gets brutal during the winter months and i will not miss them one bit. sometimes we got as much as 3 feet of snow which is not fun by the way when you are running late to work. we also had a crazy snow storm due to a polar vortex where the weather was in the negatives. i believe it was around -30 degrees at one point during the storm. 
winters in south bend, in. so glad i’m gone. 
the image above is what you can expect if you ever visit south bend during its winters months. this goes on for about 8 months of the year as well, so prepare yourself. you will need a heavy jacket for sure. 
but now i am officially here in tampa and can enjoy the whole year without a jacket or sweaters. i took a couple photos in the downtown area. here is one in the parking garage.
new photo shoot in this amazing and “warm” city. loving it here.
i did manage to find a nice home here in tampa which i’m happy with. it’s about 20mins next to the beach so i can already imagine i will spend a great deal of my time by the water. if you ever want to get together and explore the tampa with me be sure to contact me. i’m more than excited to meet some of my blog followers and find new places to eat or have fun here. 
another thing that i pleased with is that my painting company brothers colors painting has a location down here as well, so i will be able to hire them again to repaint the inside of my home. i’m sure there are other painters in the area, but since they did such a wonderful job at my home i will just stick with them again. i will let you all know if they do a good job here as well. also, be sure to check out my blog post about pricing painting jobs in the tampa area. 
anyway, i will find a new spot down here for my woodworking. i heard from the locals there are a few different spots i should check out. i need to get back into the hobby since it was a good way for me to relax. i also want to learn how to build a concealment lampstands. i seen a couple posted on etsy that i thought were pretty nice looking. i think it would be a good way for me to make a couple of extra bucks if i can get really good at it. might take me some time, but i think i could eventually learn how. 
well, i guess i will try to explore this new city of mine and try to stay consistent with writing on my blog. be sure to write to me if you live in the tampa area and want to grab a bit to eat or show me around. best!  

 





a much needed paint refresh & why i’m moving from south bend indiana to tampa florida.




post author









						by patty 




post date



february 5, 2019 




categories



						in south bend 






i recently got a job offer in south bend, as a software developer so i will be moving there in the next several months. it has been fun up here, but i do think it is time for me to spread my wings. i have been going to indiana university south bend to finish my master’s in computer science and working at a media company here as well. it’s a smaller campus than the one in bloomington, in but i did like how all the classes were a lot smaller.  
one of the projects i recently finished was getting my house painted. i decided to get both the inside and outside done to increase the value of my home. it was in dire need of some painting. some of you, my friends, who read this blog have known that i have been wanting to get this done for some time now, but have been holding it off. main reason being i wasn’t planning of selling for awhile, but since i now have a set in stone job i figured i could fit it into my budget. 
fresh repaint, just need to put up the shutters to make it pop.
here is the finished project above. as you can see they did pretty nice. i was able to find some great south bend painters to tackle this job since i have no expertise in painting houses yet but it is something that i want to learn. i can paint images but when it comes to my home which everyone can see, i would much rather have someone else do the painting for me. 
they did a great job and were fairly quick with the process as well. i will be sure to refer them to anyone of my friends if they are in need of painting their home. 
well that is all i have to say this time around. i will try to post more soon but may be a little busy since i will be packing and getting ready to make my move down to tampa.








		© 2025 			
				cleverwood marketing			









