















home | south carolina state library








        skip to main content
      










secondary


contact


about


news


events


my account




























main navigation


south carolinians


center for the book


collections


discus


in the library


interlibrary loan (ill)


library card


research & resources


sclends


south carolina government & statistics


south carolina public libraries


studysc


talking book services


u.s. government information




libraries & librarians


library consulting


library grants & funding


professional development


services & programs




state agencies & employees


state documents depository


state legislator resources


sc library systems at a glance


certified public manager program assistance


sc government social media idea exchange








launch search modal














search the website
smartsearch+
search the catalog



search
 

search the south carolina state website.


smartsearch+   
 

smartsearch+ searches the a-z list of our databases and connects you to both discus and state library resources.


 search sclends
 

search the shelves of 20 library systems statewide, or visit sclends to browse or use the advanced search.




search
 



















celebrate black history month with us as we honor the achievements of black south carolinians—trailblazers in music, sports, science, education, politics, and literature—whose resilience and excellence have shaped our state and nation.






celebrate black history month with the south carolina state library
federal documents on black history month 
state documents for black history month
african americans and labor: selections from the a.s. salley collection
students — research renowned black south carolinians on studysc


 









celebrate black history month with us as we honor the achievements of black south carolinians—trailblazers in music, sports, science, education, politics, and literature—whose resilience and excellence have shaped our state and nation.

celebrate black history month with the south carolina state library
federal documents on black history month 
state documents for black history month
african americans and labor: selections from the a.s. salley collection
students — research renowned black south carolinians on studysc

 













explore our services






search the catalog
search the shelves of 20 library systems statewide, or visit sclends to browse or use the advanced search.









collections
the south carolina state library maintains an extensive print and digital collection of public domain materials about south carolina.









state documents
the south carolina state documents depository program provides access to publications produced by state agencies and state-supported academic institutions.











get a library card
a south carolina state library card is available to south carolina residents age 18 and over to access the sclends catalog.









online resources
the south carolina state library subscribes to a number of online resource databases for south carolina state library cardholders, residents, and students.









library jobs
the south carolina state library posts job and career opportunities for our library and library positions all over the state and region.
















in the library







state documents
state documents for black history month
learn how black south carolinians have shaped the palmetto state’s history and culture for over 400 years through the south carolina state documents collection.




display case
african americans and labor
in honor of black history month, come view selections from the rare and a.s. salley collections featuring items like porgy, potee’s gal, and sunclouds. this display will be up through the end of the month.




federal documents
federal documents on black history
explore our collection of federal publications that provide valuable insights into the history, culture, and contributions of african americans, highlighting their significant roles in u.s. history.




featured shelf
celebrate black history month!
join us in honoring african american history month as we highlight the incredible contributions and achievements of black south carolinians.


















events & education
















 

speaker at the center author talk with carolyn click
february 25, 2025, 3:00 pm
join us at our next speaker at the center series for an author talk with carolyn click. click's recent release is, "the cost of the vote: george elmore and the battle for the ballot" - one man's fight for the ballot reveals the sacrifices of those who shaped the civil rights movement in the american south.











view the full calendar  
























new & noteworthy








image
 





claflin library partnership expands opportunities for students 
claflin university’s newly renovated h.v. manning library is more than just a quiet space for studying – it has become a hub for academic resources, community engagement and innovation in 2025.
*this links to an external web source





image
 





new january electronic state publications
the south carolina forestry commission was established by law in 1927. at its inception, the agency had three charges – to protect the forest, to promote the benefits of forest management and to monitor the forests' condition.





image
 





s.c. house government efficiency and legislative oversight committee announces an online survey seeking citizens’ input on eight agencies under study by the committee
speaker murrell smith and the south carolina house of representatives’ government efficiency and legislative  oversight committee are inviting the public to participate in an online survey to provide feedback on eight state  agencies currently under review.





image
 





february's new acquisitions
we are excited to present the following selection of books added to our collection for february 2025.





view all the latest news  













research

the south carolina state library maintains a number of research resources and tools in a wide variety of subjects.



genealogy resources



south carolina history



grants research



black history



south carolina culture


 
view all subject guides  













get a library card!


borrow circulating materials from our collections and access our electronic resources.


apply for a library card 



sign up for more
more - the newsletter for south carolina libraries, with weekly information about agency programs, continuing education events, and state and national library news.
sign up now


book a librarian


need more one-on-one time with a librarian? schedule an online appointment and we will be happy to meet with you virtually for all your reference needs.
schedule an appointment 














 


1500 senate street
columbia, sc 29201
(803) 734-8666



 

secondary


contact


about


news


events


my account





 

footer main


south carolinians


libraries & librarians


state agencies & employees





 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 













