










homepage | duke global health institute















    skip to main content
  

















apply


give


subscribe
















about



our institute


where we work


our impact


our history


equity, diversity, and inclusion




people



leadership


faculty & staff




education



programs



undergraduate


master of science in global health


graduate certificate


doctoral scholars


clinical programs


postdoctoral fellowship




academics



courses


graduation with distinction


independent study


study away




experiential learning & research



programs & opportunities


requirements


funding


student research training program


research showcase




student resources



advising


careers & professional development


student organizations




alumni



alumni stories


engaging with dghi






research



projects


centers and labs


grants and funding


resources for researchers




news


events






search


search












 






homepage






a global network on climate and health
dghi to launch climate observatories to spark research on climate threats such as extreme heat.

  learn more
  














our mission
we work to achieve health equity for vulnerable groups and individuals around the world through research, education and partnership.














      voices of dghi
  
  our continued commitment to global health equity












      commentary
  
  experts discuss impact of u.s. foreign aid freeze












 featured event 
  feb 19: from marlboro to meta: combatting the health impacts of market-driven epidemics  














get news and events emails



  sign up
  







where we work
dghi faculty, staff and students collaborate with organizations and communities across the globe to train students, conduct research and pursue global health solutions. this map shows where faculty and students worked in the past year. 
























































































































































































  faculty projects


  student projects




world map illustration with the following  countries highlighted: australia, bangladesh, benin, botswana, brazil, cambodia, canada, chile, china, democratic republic of the congo, ecuador, ethiopia, germany, ghana, guatemala, haiti, honduras, india, indonesia, israel, kenya, madagascar, malawi, mali, mexico, mongolia, mozambique, nepal, nicaragua, nigeria, pakistan, peru, philippines, rwanda, sierra leone, singapore, south africa, sri lanka, tanzania, thailand, uganda, united kingdom, united states, vietnam, zambia, zimbabwe, mozambique, zambia, belgium, bhutan, dominican republic, france, hong kong, italy, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, maldives, netherlands, panama, somalia, sweden, uzbekistan.



































































world map illustration with the following  countries highlighted: china, denmark, ethiopia, ghana, honduras, india, jamaica, kenya, malawi, mongolia, nigeria, peru, rwanda, sri lanka, switzerland, tanzania, uganda, united states, eswatini.



























225 research projects


225
research projects

dghi faculty earned 225 external research grants with total annual funding of more than $56.5 million in 2023-24.
view projects



49 countries


49
countries

dghi faculty, staff and students are engaged in projects and partnerships in 49 countries across the globe.
explore partnership locations



293 students


293
students

dghi hosts education programs for undergraduate, master's degree, medical and doctoral students from a broad range of disciplines.
see education programs












education & training
















      featured program
    

        master of science in global health
      


  learn more
  







      featured program
    

        undergraduate programs
      


  learn more
  







      hands-on experience
    

        the advantage of fieldwork
      


  learn more
  










voices of dghi









              student stories
          
notes from the field: hena vadher ms’25

                  dghi master’s student delves into the intricate relationships between malaria, migration, and climate change in panama.

              
                  dghi master’s student delves into the intricate relationships between malaria,...
              

  read more
  














              student stories
          
notes from the field:  tobenna ndulue ms’25

                  dghi master’s student is working in south africa on a new strategy to help caregivers of children with autism.

              
                  dghi master’s student is working in south africa on a new strategy to help caregivers...
              

  read more
  
















  








contact


visit us


jobs


sign up for news


dghi communications toolkit


dghi it help


user login


accessibility





duke global health institute(919) 681-7760globalhealth.duke.edu310 trent drive, durham, nc 27710box 90519, durham, nc 27708





 






 





 






































