




jim wilson's home page







mathematics  education



welcome to
  jim wilson's home page/server!


home files




my e-mail is jwilson@uga.edu.
    - - - - - - - last modified june 27, 2018









courses
          i taught 

papers 

 
          a few gsp lessons



links 



personal information
            and interests




 




mathematics
            education program page 

class
            rolls 
          


intermath project web site
 
              interactive dictionary for middle
                school level
 
          contextual
                    teaching and learning -- emat
 
                      
cptm        
                      
         





hooten award 2017
nctm boston 
situations project   (password required)
let us teach guessing -- 60 minute video of george polya




using the arithmetic mean-geometric mean inequality in problem solving 

the arithmetic mean-geometric mean (am-gm) inequality is a very useful algebraic tool for reasoning about many maximization and minization problems without calculus.   yet, this tool gets very little attention in modern mathematics curriculum.   i have presented basic information and definitions about the arithmetic mean-geometric mean inequality, showed a range of proofs and demonstrations for the cases with 2 positive numbers and a range of problem solving episodes where the am-gm inequality is used.

a presentation for the annual meeting of the school science and mathematics association, birmingham, november 8-10, 2012, was prepared using parts of this paper.






courses i taught prior to may 2016,
    j. wilson, instructor (last time taught indicated).

emat
          4600/6600 - emat
      4600/6600 problem solving in mathematics (2015)
emat
      4680/6680 - technology and secondary school mathematics (2016)
emat
      4650/6450 - mathematics in context (2013)
emat 7050 - mathematics instruction (2014)  
emat 6690 - technology enhanced instruction
      in  school mathematics (2014)
emat
      4500/6500 - connections in secondary mathematics (2014)
emat 4000/6000 - special problem in mathematics education (2014)
emat 8990 - doctoral seminars in mathematics education (2009)
math 7200 - foundations of geometry i (2010)
math 7210 - foundations of geometry ii (2010)
emat
      6700 -  advanced explorations with technology in mathematics instruction (2009)






nctm
      lifetime achievement award, 2001



research council on mathematics learning -- 2009 keynote
2008 nctm illuminations institute
2009 stem academy presentation



papers. 

taxi cab geometry investigations with technology

this is a set of materials exploring the use of technology to visualize and understand the geometric consequences of using a tcdistance metric. geometric constructions of the tccircle, tcellipse, tchyperbola, tcparabola, tclines, and tc distance are included.

comment on triangle center investigations.
the fibonacci sequence and the golden ratio in stock market theories

this  technical analysis introduces the use of the fibonacci sequence and the golden ratio in elliott wave theory. elliott wave theory is a useful technique for trading forex -- foreign exchange.

taking some mystery out of the nine point circle
    with gsp

this paper examines the nine point
        circle as the common circumcircle of three special triangles
        of any given triangle -- the triangle formed by the midpoints
        of the segments from the orthocenter to the vertices, the medial
      triangle, and the orthic triangle.

resa
    august 23 presentation
smsg: a personal
    perspective
mathematics education
    web course development on a shoestring
middle
      school mathematics and technology
    -- project intermath
mathematics
    problem solving using geometer's sketchpad and graphing technology 
multiple
    solutions
technology
      in secondary school mathematics. a presentation for the department of mathematics,
      university of kansas, december 7, 2000.
an elementary application of similar triangles. this note derives from a comment
      in workbench on how a logger estimates the height
    of a tree.
prospective elementary
      teachers' conceptions of rational numbers. a paper by dina tirosh and efraim
        fischbein, tel aviv university, anna o. graeber, university of
        maryland, and james w. wilson, university of georgia, from a
      project
      supported by the us-israel
        bsf.
the teaching module on rational numbers for
      prospective elementary teachers. a teaching module by dina tirosh and efraim
        fischbein, tel aviv university, anna o. graeber, university of
        maryland, and james w. wilson, university of georgia, from a
      project
      supported by the us-israel
        bsf.
implementing mathematics reform: the
      challenges within.
        a paper by azita manouchehri of maryville university and terry
      goodman of northwest missouri state university.
technology in mathematics teaching
      and learning.
        paper by j. wilson, university of georgia. this draft reflects
        some of the considerations i have implemented in the courses
      tied to this web site.
technology
      experiences for prospective secondary teachers, a paper in progress by azita manouchehri,
      maryville university.
problem-solving using graphing calculators, a paper in progress by june jones,
      university of georgia. this study reports on the problem solving
    performance of 56 college freshman in a college algebra course.
toward
      a theory of teaching-in-context, a paper by alan h. schoenfeld, university of
        california at berkeley. the mathematics education student association
        invited dr. schoenfeld to visit the university of georgia on
        may 14 and may15, 1997. preliminary versions of this paper and
        supporting documents were read in preparation for his visit.
      
      



return



envelopes of lines and
      circles. this
        paper was constructed for a presentation/demonstration to elbert
        county high school mu alpha theta club. the paper examines the
        curves formed by sets of lines or circles that move along some
        defined paths.
trisecting the area of a triangle. this is an investigation of the
      constructions required to divide the area of a triangle into
      three regions of equal area, under different initial conditions.
squares. what is the
      ratio of areas of the two squares? 
      this is a discussion of some exploration and extensions of this
      problem. 
capturing area and a solution. this paper by pagnucco and hirstein
      also explores the squares problem with a somewhat different route.
curve building. when two relations are multiplied, points
      (x,y) on either will appear on the product graph. characteristics
      of the graph are described to tell whether a relation is factorable.
roots 2 and 5. this paper examines familes of curves that
      pass through 2 and 5 on the x-axis.
orthotravels.
      what is the locus of the orthocenter when one side of a triangle
      is fixed and the third vertex is moved along some path?
tangents problem. find two linear functions f(x) and
      g(x) such that the product h(x) = f(x).g(x) is tangent to each
      of the original lines.
alternative approach to tangents problem
explorations
      with heron's formula. heron's formula for finding the area
        of a triangle given the lengths of its three sides is a nice
        tool for problem solving explorations.
exploration of a triangle ratios problem. given a triangle abc and an interior
      point m. extend a segment from each vertex through m to its intersecion
      with the opposite side creating segments ad, be, and cf. the
      exploration will evaluate some ratios of segments within the
      triangle.
multiple-application medium for the study of
      polygonal numbers

      this article is an expanded version of the paper presented at
      the 1994 international symposium on mathematics/science education
      and technology, san diego, ca, and published as: abramovich,
      s., fujii, t., & wilson, j. (1994). exploring and visualizing
        properties of polygonal numbers in a multiple-application computer-enhanced
        environment. in g.h. marks (ed.), proceedings of the 1994 international
        symposium on mathematics/science education and technology. charlottesville,
        va: aace.
witch of agnesi. this is an essay by two students in my 1995
      emt669 class.
some comments
      on the glad construction.
the
      sard construction: an elegant solution for euclid's partitioning
      problem by sriranga
        s. dattatreya (with help from ravi e. dattatreya).
an
      interesting ratio result for triangles. this
        paper by sriranga s. dattratreya and ravi e. dattratreya shows
        a construction and general ratio result for triangles that can
        be used to segment a line segment into parts.
some explorations with lemniscates. this paper suggests some investigations
      with the lemniscate of bernoulli and the lemniscate of gerone.
discussion of an equal segments problem. given three points a, b, and c. construct
      a line intersecting ac in the point x and bc in the point y such
      that ax = xy = yb. the problem is from polya's mathematical
        discovery, vol. 1, pp. 7-8.



return






geometer's
    sketchpad material

gsp lessons.
jim's
      gsp library
see also many of the papers,
      course materials, and problems throughtout the site.



return






links

some
        mathematics links.
          
other mathematics resources

megan davenport's mathematics and mathematics teaching resources
           

  local links

mathematics
        education program page 

university
          of georgia home page

uga college of education
              home page 
lpsl home page
graduate
          school



return





personal
      information

post
        tenure review
back
application for reappointment to graduate
      faculty
my
      brief resume.
for very short resume click here.
      for the longer, more boring, version click
      here.
first
        version, nsf proposal
      format biographical sketch 
second
        version, nsf proposal
          format biographical sketch.

third version, nsf proposal format biographical sketch 2015 
professional bio i
professional bio ii
professional bio iii
      professional bio iv
my
    current and former doctoral students



return 



hooten award 2015





st. louis nctm meeting, october 26-29, 2011 

problems my students and i have found challenging 




 


the brain on music -- a roundtable discussion

on wednesday, november 17, at 4 p.m. in 148 miller learning center, the willson center sponsored a roundtable discussion on “the brain on music.” the lecture and discussion focused on the relationship of early music training to intellectual achievement in other areas. roy martin (professor emeritus of educational psychology and a violinist) gave the opening lecture. panelists for the roundtable discussion included jean martin-williams (hugh hodgson school of music), jed rasula (english) and james w. wilson (mathematics education). martha thomas (hugh hodgson school of music) moderated the discussion. following the panel discussion, questions and comments were contributed by the audience.
professor martin's paper is provided here since many people who could not attend the discussion have expressed interest in the paper.




workshop on mathematics problem solving

mastery project, mathematics and science teacher education in yemen
may 16-21 2009





 

national pingtung university of education

visit december 5 - 19, 2006

contemporary issues in the use of computer
          technology to improve mathematics teaching and learning


pictures from our visit.

taiwan welcome
taiwan visit part 1
taiwan visit, part 2
taiwan, pictures from class
pictures from talk
pictures fron tainan university visit
taiwan farewell party



 



disclaimer

the content and opinions expressed on this web page do
        not necessarily reflect the views or nor they endorsed by the
        university of georgia or the university system of georgia.





