






belleair coins | gold, silver, diamond buyers near me














































 727-585-4502 




 text us
                        




  chris@silverqueen.com 




 text us
                        

 click here to
                           
                           sell to us
                        

 shop now
                        








  








 



 



 



 


























honesty, integrity & reliability


















about our store


                                    about our store
                                 

our story


 coins & bullion 
 what we buy 
 free quote
 spot price 
 jewelry repair

social

videos
blog




 contact 
 review 
ebay store














looking to sell your valuables for ca$h
 selling valuables made easy!
                              safe, simple and professional 

learn more














get the best pay-out for your gold & silver

                           sell your valuables to #1 gold silver buyers.
                           

                              great price comes with peace of mind. 

sell now

















 belleair coins buys your gold and diamonds at the best price.





                     your browser does not support html5 video.
                  




welcome to our family-owned business, [gold silver sales], belleair coins, gold, and diamonds, in business since 1972

                     our family-owned business, belleair coins has served largo and surrounding regions of clearwater, belleair, belleair bluffs, seminole, st. pete, pinellas, pasco, tampa, and beyond since 1972. 

                     we accept everything ranging from individual pieces to large lots of scrap gold, silver and platinum. when it’s time to sell, come to us; we are the area’s leading buyer of gold, silver, jewelry, coins & bullion, estate collections & more. dealings are done in the privacy of our office, away from the prying eyes.




















what all do we offer?

top dollar in exchange for your gold and silver. 
hassle-free experience at all levels.
expert advice with fast pay-outs.
100% safety and privacy.
we offer free evaluations & appraisals.
bbb member with a+ rating.
just walk-in. no appointments needed.
conveniently located.















we buy gold and much more!

sell your diamonds & old engagement rings.
sell your antique luxury watches.
sell antiques and fine jewelry.
we test and weigh right in front of you.
convenient & stress-free.
we make house and estate calls.



 get a quote for your jewelry! 




















                           highly rated #1 antique jewelry buyers - buying gold, silver & diamonds in belleair bluffs, fl since 1972
                        
belleair coins is a family-run business that specializes in buying and selling gold and other precious metals, as well as fine jewelry. with over 50 years of experience, we offer professional and reputable services and great customer service. if you are looking to sell your silver, diamond, and gold jewelry.
we buy gold, silver & diamonds
to get the most value from unused grandma’s gold and fine jewelry, like a love bracelet, a pricey watch, or a diamond engagement ring, you can sell it to a reputable jeweler or to gold silver sales. we will evaluate the pieces based on their weight, karat, and condition, and offer a fair price based on current market rates.
what makes us unique?
we offer outstanding customer service and strive to help our clients with all their needs. having 50 years of experience serving the areas of tampa bay, largo, and clearwater, we are a locally-owned, family-based business with knowledgeable expert staff. when you come to us to sell your valuables, rest assured there are no risky mail-ins or waiting for your money, we offer instant cash. we are always looking to build relationships with fair, honest, and pleasant transactions. we aim to please and buy every piece if it’s real.
                           
                           belleair coins [gold silver sales] has built a reputation over the years through these values. if you refer to some of the highly accredited business directories that the internet has to offer, you're going to see review after review about the great service that we offer our customers every day, and how we are the place to sell gold in tampa bay area.
                           
                           rest assured that your gold, silver, diamonds, and/or jewelry is going to be evaluated by a true professional in the field, which ensures a fair pay-out.
                        
where are we located?
looking for somewhere in your neighborhood to sell the valuables gold and silver? buying & selling gold, silver, diamonds in tampa bay or in st.pete and even the tri-county area of pinellas, hillsboughand pasco county has truly never been easier. our locations provide a professional atmosphere and is staffed with certified g.i.a graduate gemologists.
                           
                           we are located at 1350 west bay drive, largo, fl 33770. phone number is: 727-585-4502. fax # is: 727-586-0822. store hours are 9-6pm est monday through friday and saturday from 9-5pm, closed on sundays and on major holidays.
                        

"chris helped us, he is knowledgeable, friendly and very honest"
                              diane chholm




                           call (727) 585-4502 to make an appointment!
                           
                           for any questions, call and speak to our knowledgeable staff or check out our valuable online resources.
                           
                           we would love to meet you and answer any questions you may have so you can make an informed decision.
                           relax with us at the desk while we sort through your pieces. they will never leave your sight. visit us today!
                        


















where should i sell my coins?








where do i sell my gold?
                     







where should i sell my sterling silver?
                     








what is my watch worth?
                     



















































why choose us
                  

 choosing the right gold buyer
 our other offerings 
 our retail store 
 antique jewelry buyer 
 antique coins buyer 







items we buy
                  

 selling gold
selling silver
selling jewelry







how to sell

request a kit
sell gold 








legal
                  

contact us
common questions

directions







get help
                  

our store policy 










 

 

 












  


 
 
 
 

  










©
                  2025. designed by 















