













electrical and computer engineering | electrical and computer engineering



















skip to main content




faculty directorycornell engineeringapplyvisitgive to engineeringindustry partners



homeprogramsgraduate programsundergraduate programscoursesschedule a tourresearchstrategic research areasresearch groups, centers and labsundergraduate research opportunitiespeopleexecutive leadershipfacultyadministrative stafffaculty awards and honorsresources and groups for ece womenalumniece advisory councilece connectionsgiving opportunitiesways to giveresourcesacademic supportfinancial supportmental health resourcesexperience and employmentundergraduate servicesgraduate services and activities


open the search panel



menu









search







close








            shaping the future of technology
      
              make an impact — ways to give
      

              our research areas
      

              schedule a tour of ece
      
            exceptional
      
				            faculty and students
      
			            the latest 
      
				            research news
      
			            upcoming
      
				            seminars and events
      
			            the latest from cornell ece
      newsstudents build creative prototypes in magnetics engineering coursedecember 13, 2024              led by amal el-ghazaly, assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering, the course moves beyond textbooks and challenges students to design, build and troubleshoot devices based on magnetic principles.


      
      read more about students build creative prototypes in magnetics engineering coursemore newsmore eventsspotlightadeel mahmood wins outstanding ph.d. thesis research award              adeel mahmood is the winner of this year's ece outstanding ph.d. thesis research award. the annual award is given to a graduating ph.d. student from the school of electrical and computer engineering...


      
      read more about adeel mahmood wins outstanding ph.d. thesis research awardmore spotlights
                                explore undergraduate programs
      
                  b.s. in electrical and computer engineeringundergraduate research opportunitiesminors
                                explore graduate programs
      
                  m.eng. in electrical and computer engineeringph.d. in electrical and computer engineering            explore our priority research areas
      computer engineeringrobotics and autonomyinformation, networks, and decision systemsphysical electronics, devices, and plasma sciencecircuits and electronic systemsbio-electrical engineeringpriority research areas


about usnewseventsspotlightsstaff directorycontact usdirections and mapsintranetadmissions:607-255-2792dept address:229 phillips hall
ithaca, ny 14853-5401connect with usfacebooktwitteryoutubecopyright © 2025 cornell university
        all rights reserved.web accessibility assistance









