






south lake tahoe property management - tahoe rental connection | short and long term vacation rentals in lake tahoe



























































(800) 542-2100 | (530) 542-2777
trc@tahoerentalconnection.com















home
long term leases
seasonal leases
short term rentals
concierge services
privacy policy
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 










tahoe rental connection
the right choice







the right choice for your long term and seasonal rental needs









lake tahoe is one of the nation’s premier destinations for vacation getaways in the us. the south shore in particular has an abundance of lake tahoe activities whether you arrive in winter, spring, summer or fall. we have compiled all the information you need to plan your tahoe vacation including lodgings in our vacation rentals, information on the local golf and ski resorts, interactive lake tahoe maps, weather, ski conditions, events, and even equipment rentals for all seasons.
we have vacation specialists ready to help you find accommodations for your next lake tahoe vacation. we’ll help you select from a variety of fully furnished vacation rentals including cabins, houses, cottages, and chalets with features such as private hot tubs, lake views, and proximity to heavenly, sierra-at-tahoe, and kirkwood ski resorts.







take a look at our reviews










neil t. from petaluma, ca
“you went above and beyond what you had to do, we will recommend you to all of our friends and family!”








janice s. from fair oaks, ca
“we had an amazing time, this is the best home we have ever stayed in!”








julie d. from kenosha, wi
“very comfortable and relaxing vacation getaway! you guys were the highlight of our tahoe experience!”








jenny g. from pleasanton, ca
“perfect size!  tahoe rental connection was great!”








maura d. from bonsall, ca
“excellent service. they accommodated my needs in every way. made my stay in tahoe an extra pleasant one. super nice staff and well run office. very responsive. i would totally use them again.”








stephanie e. from sacramento, ca
“thank you to tahoe rental connection for making our lakeside rental experience one of the best in tahoe. we had an issue with the plumbing and dan was on top of it and within one hour everything was back to normal!! it was amazing! we recommend them and look forward to our next rental!”








mark s, from cambridge, ma
“beautiful unit and a great location!”








wilson e. from layton, ut
“main office was great to work with!”








michael v. from salinas, ca
“i just don’t know how you (tahoe rental connection) can improve! it was an excellent experience staying at the rental and dealing with people who work there. thank you!”








lauren f.
“great time had by all! clean and well equipped space. will definitely be back!”








mark s. from vacaville, ca
“great location… staff was great!! very helpful. your staff was terrific in helping me find a house on very short notice. thank you!”








franco p. from san jose, ca
“my kids loved it! excellent service! great front yard, perfect for kids! we loved it and will be back again!”








dave p. from sacramento, ca
“your company made this an easy and great experience! well done!!”








leave us a review

followfollow



 









connect with us

tahoe rental connection2241 james streetsuite #3south lake tahoe, ca 96150
 (800) 542-2100 (530) 542-2777

followfollow



quick links

homelong term leasesseasonal leasesshort term rentalsconcierge servicesprivacy policycontact us



owner links

property management

weather





 
































