







american values coalition


















































































































              home
            

            team
          

        newsletter
      

        bookshop
      

            store
          

        donate
      





























































































hometeamnewsletterbookshopstoredonate









scroll








welcome to american values coalition building bridges for americans who value family, tradition, and integrity.




    tell us your story
  











our missiongrowing a community of americans empowered to lead with truth, reject extremism and misinformation, and defend democracy.

 
















 

who we area community of americans empowered to lead with truth, reject extremism and misinformation, and defend democracy.

 
















 

what we doprovide resources, skills, and community to counter extremism and misinformation in our families and neighborhoods. 

 
















 

get involvedget involved with us by signing up for our email list, making a donation, and joining our facebook community.




    learn more about our faith outreach
  








about usamericans who value family, tradition, and integrity have been abandoned by both major political parties and ignored by most of the media. we've seen families, friendships and faith groups torn apart by tribalism, partisanship and polarization. fed up with the biases of mainstream news, many americans have sought alternatives, but these alt-sources are often far worse. while using cultural symbols to gain loyalty, they mislead, redirect, and deceive. they traffic in divisiveness to inflame passions. this extreme right, along with the extreme left, dominates our national discourse. but there is an exhausted majority desiring to heal our broken polity. american values coalition provides shelter for these politically homeless by connecting them to a fact-based community in order to prevent radicalization and restore democratic norms.




    make a donation
  






 

our current initiatives

  











j29 coalitionthe j29 coalition is a network of theologically conservative pastors seeking to disciple the american evangelical church in kingdom-shaped politics. learn more at j29coalition.com.




    learn more
  













mending division academymending division academy exists to give christians and churches hope that they are not alone and they are not powerless when it comes to confronting division with the goal of bringing healing, restoration, and union back to our churches and communities. learn more at mendingdivisionacademy.com.




    learn more
  













events for everyonefrom in-person conference, to book clubs and webinars, avc hosts all kinds of events to heal the divisions in our communities and society. learn more about our current offerings at our events page.




    learn more
  

























welcome



our mission



about us



initiatives



contact












 

get involveddonate nowabout us













get in touchcontact usback to top



american values coalition is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization




































 

contact












