

  


























        skip to main content
      















close


hoofdnavigatie


about us


rooms & pricing


contact


gallery


faq


home




ennlfrde




book your room








menu

















ecohotelfeveryin brugge









  best rates on our website.






 
fevery - your favourite eco hotel
welcome to the eco hotel fevery with its family ambience and the amenities of a modern 3*** hotel.
we commit ourselves to offer the best service and quality and meanwhile reduce the impact of our management on air, water and soil by means of an effective environment care system.about us









      our hotel


family run, 10 non-smoking rooms all en suite with latest water and energy control features. guaranteed comfort.
duplex room for families and friends. children welcome from the age of 12.
free breakfast made of local, fairtrade and organic produce. central and quiet location. walking distance to all sights. free garage for bikes (limited space)
the hotel was the first in belgium to receive the european ecolabel, the eceat-label for ecological and agricultural tourism and the first in bruges to receive the 'green key'.
10 minutes by bus 2 from the railway station (stop at 150 m)
private parking (secured and limited).





rooms & pricing







   



   



   



   



   



   



   



   



   



   











enjoy a relaxed stay in bruges




quietly located, walking distance to all attractions and must sees.
local supermarket, cosy restaurants and traditional bars within a few minutes walk.











good to know




situated in the old heart of bruges next to the 13th cent. st. gillis church
only 150m from the grand canal lange rei
9 minutes walk until the chocolate museum
12 minutes walk until the market square
private parking (from feb 2017 the inner city becomes a paying zone)





how to reach the hotel by train, bus and car







 














 






  eu ecolabel & green key hotel









 






  in the historical heart









 






  free daily breakfast









 






  quiet hours and quiet neighbours
















9.3





jakob




belgium






what really separates this hotel from the others is the owner paul.
this is a family-owned hotel and paul really makes your stay enjoyable.
he goes above and beyond in terms of customer service.




read more











 








 









 









 








 








 














 











booking partners






 










 
























 





facebook






collaert mansionstraat 3
8000 bruges - belgium
t: +32 50 331 269
e: paul@hotelfevery.be
 
 











main menu


about us


rooms & pricing


contact


gallery


faq


home









© 2016 - 2025   
 

footer


disclaimer




















made by duo











book now on our site and get a 5% discount! use code 'fevery' 





cta














