



































log siding - log cabin siding - cedar log siding | modulog, inc.

















































 
























resources

frequently asked questions
why modulog?
find a distributor
how to install log siding
warranty & care


about modulog
contact
 


 360-836-4322





products
photo gallery

all galleries
log siding for houses
log siding for manufactured homes
barns & outbuildings
log siding on commercial


videos
reviews
request quote
 








call us  360-836-4322



schedule a phone call











america's favorite log siding
"cover of cabin life magazine - feb 2012" log siding transforms any home into a log cabin and changes your existing house into your dream home.  
watch the video















100% cedar log cabin siding
converted older home transform any home into a log cabin, therefore change your existing house into your dream home. 
watch the video















log siding for homes
new home construction
 side your new home with modulog and create a log home at lower cost. as a result you are adding better insulation, easier maintenance, and modern interior. 
watch the video















log siding for manufactured homes
manufactured home upgrade install on any manufactured or modular to completely transform your home. 
watch the video















log siding for vacation homes
vacation home makeover
 rather than old ugly siding, upgrade with modulog.
100% western red cedar log cabin siding 
watch the video




































schedule a 100% free phone consultation
let us help you walk through any questions you may have about modulog log siding.

 











please leave this field empty.




request a call









100% western red cedar log siding
log siding will help you enjoy living in a log home without moving. 

modulog patented solid criss cross log ends also known as butt and pass corners, give the true log look and feel to any site built or manufactured home. 

re-side any existing home into a log cabin.

benefits include the appearance of a real log home with true log cabin siding made from solid western red cedar.


increased home value, pride of ownership, and an authentic log home look that is extremely attractive.


 









easy installation
simple and easy to install
improved r value 1.5 points
reduces noise from outside
rustic lifestyle
very cost-effective
low maintenance





extremely durable
north america's great renewable resources. slow growing and naturally durable, cedar has one of the longest life spans of any north american softwood and provides superior weathering.



lifetime warranty
select tight knot and kiln dried 
natural decay and insect resistance is one of western red cedar's most valuable and well-known characteristics 
keep the natural beauty of wood for decades. 
































modulog vs. fake siding
modulog siding is 100% real cedar
for over 50 years modulog has used only the finest western red cedar in north america. this naturally beautiful and tall cedar timber is grown in the lush forests of western british columbia as well as northern washington and idaho. cedar grows clean and tall producing long runs of the finest cedar lumber in the world. our cedar specifications only allow for the highest quality of wood fiber, therefore we only use what is referred to as inland or interior fiber which can be seen in the tight growth rings in every board. at the factory, we assemble and manufacture our patented deluxe log ends which create an authentic log home look and feel. each piece is hand touched and chosen for quality! 
 get a free sample



 











request free modulog sample
complete this form to receive a free sample. you will receive a small piece of 7" log siding approximately 2" in width. natural wood varies in color and the final overall color could be slightly different from sample.




please leave this field empty.



- choose color -raw - unfinishedhoney timber - mb2brown tone medium - mb3woodtone cedar - mb4pecan - mb5natural - mr1natural cedar - mr4red tone medium - mr5

yes, add me to your quarterly newsletter that includes news and exclusive special offers
request sample
 
























"modulog made my dream of having a log home come true. my home went from a ranch style home to log siding in a couple of weeks. thanks to modulog for giving me my dream home. i would recommend this company to everyone looking for log siding."

nancy s.
portland, or







"we love our new "log home" and our friends are always amazed to learn it's a siding. it was the perfect option for us! ... it is an amazing transformation to the feel of our whole property. "
cara & james t.
granite falls, wa







"we are so glad we made the decision to go with modulog. our home was completely transformed. it's a joy to see every time we come home."
kevin k.
canton, tx







"i am so happy with the final result of my house."

adona r.
aumsville, or







"awesome product which enhanced our vacation home!...sean was exceptional to work with!...worked with me to meet the requested delivery schedule..."
larry n.
bayfield, co







"not only knowledgeable but answered all of our questions and worked side-by-side with us through each step of the process. i felt that we were all a team, working together. there was no strife and when we talked about adding a project inside our home, it was met with excitement. it all turned out so beautifully and transformed our home!!!"
gayle r.
birkenfeld, or









 


additional resources






installation help
                                                                                learn more 










warranty & care
                                                                                learn more 










faqs
                                                                                learn more 


















                                     360-836-4322                                




                                    email us
                                




                                    schedule call
                                


schedule a 100% free phone consultation
let us help you walk through any questions you may have about modulog log siding.


 











please leave this field empty.




request a call
 






navigateproducts
warranty & care
how to install log siding
 

get inspiredphoto gallery
videos
reviews
 

more infoabout modulog
contact
 











                        © 2025 modulog, inc. all rights reserved.website by graticle













homeproductsphoto gallery▼all photo gallerylog siding for houseslog siding for manufactured homesbarns & outbuildingslog siding on commercialvideosreviewsrequest quoteresources▼frequently asked questionswhy modulog?find a distributorhow to install log sidingwarranty & careabout modulogcontact 



















































