




award winning ingredients - beacon foods







































									what we do
							



									development
							



									sourcing
							



									processes
							



									pack and deliver
							





									products
							



									why use us?
							



									the green bit
							



									quality & consistency
							



									awards
							





home





									about us
							



									our story
							



									the team
							



									join us
							





									news
							



									contact
							

 











at beacon foods, we’re proud to supply into some exciting customers, from food manufacturers, food service providers and the travel and leisure industries – you get the picture. you've probably eaten our products without even realising it. our ingredients become integral components of sandwiches, ready meals, soups, drinks, desserts, the list is endless and ever evolving.

we're passionate about sourcing and preparing the most delicious foods possible, from raw base ingredients to expertly finished ready-to-eat products, we understand that everyone's needs are different, and we make life easy by tailoring our ingredients, process, packaging and deliveries to your specific needs.
our products are nut-free, we only use clean ingredients, no preservatives (and no artificial stuff either!). we pride ourselves in offering responsibly sourced, lovingly prepared, value added ingredients to compliment your dish or menu.
if you're looking to spice up your salsa, master your marinades or perfect your pizza, don't hesitate to give us a call, and find out what our award winning ingredients can bring to your table.

read more






chargrilled and barmarked english asparagus spears





sauteed leeks, charred corn and chipotle relish, bramley apple compote, apple bbq sauce





julienne of carrot, courgette and butternut squash





cooked chickpeas and lentils





garlic, chilli and ginger puree





our roasted and chargrilled vegetables taste amazing!


 




					our processes
				
when it comes to adding value, we’re on it every step of the way! in simple terms we take the best fruit and vegetables, herbs and spices, beans and pulses and make amazingly tasty stuff with them
read more



					our products
				
we're famed for our ability to provide high-quality, delicious ingredients to large manufacturers across the uk and europe. you can find our products in major retailers, food service, qsr, horeca, airlines and trains, as well as independent food companies
read more












			we have 5500 recipes to choose from, producing 120 sku’s per day for over 200 customers a week
		











									sitemap
							



									cookie policy
							



									privacy policy
							



									​job applicant privacy notice
							



									disclaimer
							



									copyright
							

 

				tel: 01874 622577								email: sales@beaconfoods.co.uk
				beacon foods ltd
unit 2 brecon enterprise park
warren road, brecon, powys
ld3 8bt
			








our site requires cookies to function. more information





close





				copyright © 2025 beacon foods limited
			




