










weiu






















television



schedule
weiu
fnx
hit-mix 88.9


local programming
being well
city spotlight
issues & attitudes
school talk
take a hike
this is our story
the paw report
news watch
weiu productions





streaming

watch weiu online
weiu on amazon prime video
weiu on local now
weiu on hulu + live tv
weiu on youtube tv
fnx livestream



radio

hit-mix 88.9
listen online



education



educational programming
pbs learning media
for grownups
pbs kids learn


pbs kids
summer adventures
value pbs
pbs food





weiu passport

weiu passport content
get weiu passport
sign in and watch



support weiu

membership details
weiu passport
underwriting
donate now
leave a legacy

















search



















vienna blood
early access to season 4 episodes on weiu passport!
season 4 finds the unlikely detective duo in vienna in 1909, where the double murder of a senior public official and an arms dealer in police custody has shaken the city to its core.









finding your roots
monday, 8 p.m.
family recipes: exploring the ancestry of chefs josé andrés and sean sherman.









big pacific
tuesday, 8 p.m.
voracious: for creatures of all sizes, the challenge of finding food drives life in the pacific.









independent lens
wednesday, 8 p.m.
dallas, 2019: covering five weeks in dallas the year before the covid-19 pandemic, including stories that capture the city's pulse and the people who work and live there.





previous



next





—  give to weiu  —




weekly highlights








weiu-tv on prime video!
we are now accessible on prime video via the app, web, and fire tv. click above for more details!










weiu kids day
saturday, march 1 - click above for details!











supporting weiu with a passport membership gives you access to a multitude of pbs programs you can't get any other way!










monday, 7:30 p.m.
seafood in a skillet










tuesday, 7:30 p.m.
ridgewood: sugar maple revival










wednesday, 7 p.m.
new episodechrisman and arthur - episode 1112









weiu daily tv schedule










alumni success stories!
weiu has no shortage of alumni who have gone on to amazing professional success, and we're excited to share their stories with you!
read more →









listen up!

                                hit-mix 88.9 fm streams live online 24/7 along with weiu's strictly online station, the odyssey!
listen online →









no tv? no problem!
over the air or on the net, weiu's programming is here for you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week! if you live within our viewership area, you're good to go.
watch weiu online →














vienna blood



now streaming on weiu passport!
1900s vienna is a hotbed of philosophy, science and art. dr. max liebermann's extraordinary skills of perception and detective inspector oskar rheinhardt's determination lead them to some of the city's most mysterious and deadly cases.

find it on weiu passport!
sign up for weiu passport
learn more about weiu passport
 







finding your roots



monday, 8 p.m.
family recipes: exploring the ancestry of chefs josé andrés and sean sherman. 







big pacific



tuesday, 8 p.m.
voracious: for creatures of all sizes, the challenge of finding food drives life in the pacific. 







independent lens



wednesday, 8 p.m.
dallas, 2019: covering five weeks in dallas the year before the covid-19 pandemic, including stories that capture the city's pulse and the people who work and live there. 








cook's country



monday, 7:30 p.m.
seafood in a skilleta visit to the basque block in boise, idaho; clams with chorizo; worcestershire sauce; shrimp and garlic; spanish-style sizzling garlic shrimp. 







this old house



tuesday, 7:30 p.m.
ridgewood: sugar maple revivalthe whole gang comes down to help as the build nears completion; boiler installation; pantry tiles. 










                    weiu | 1521 buzzard hall 
                    charleston, il 61920
                    (217) 581-9348 | 1-877-727-9348
                

                    this website and its contents are a production
                    of weiu-tv. all content © copyright weiu-tv. all rights reserved.
                

contact | about us | coverage area


                    radio/tv center advisory board meetings (open to public)
                    weiu conference room, buzzard hall - 1521
                    12 p.m. | thursday, april 3, 2025
                

                    next eiu board of trustees meeting: april 17, 2025 | bot meeting schedule


weiu-tv fcc public insp. file | weiu-fm fcc public insp. file | required documentation | annual eeo report | weiu public file contact | cpb community service grant compliance documentation | diversity, equity and inclusion



 












