










department of plant pathology and environmental microbiology

skip to main content














department of plant pathology and environmental microbiology







undergraduate






degree options


student resources








graduate






degree options


funding opportunities


how to apply


student resources


contact us








people






people








research






microbial diversity and ecology


mushroom science and technology


plant disease management


plant-microbe interactions


faculty labs


international agriculture


centers and institutes


publications








extension & outreach






extension & outreach








about






news


events


facilities


alumni and friends


support the department


contact us






























department of plant pathology and environmental microbiology












penn state’s home for protecting plant health.
the department of plant pathology and environmental microbiology is penn state’s hub for the exploration and prevention of plant disease. students prepare for leadership roles in production agriculture, education, medicine, government, and more. staff, faculty, and students engage in quality research, education, and outreach in plant pathology, mushroom science, and environmental and on impacts to agricultural and natural ecosystems, food safety, and human and microbiology environmental health.









latest news










january 24, 2025
harnessing mushroom microbiomes for better crop development










january 22, 2025
jimenez-gasco leads department of plant pathology and environmental microbiology











december 10, 2024
penn state awarded grant for workforce development for spanish-speaking farmers











december 10, 2024
college of ag sciences celebrates faculty, staff achievements in research










more news
























research
penn state is a tier 1 research university. everyone from faculty, to first-year students, to doctoral candidates can participate in meaningful research in a broad range of areas. current research areas include microbial diversity and ecology, mushroom science and technology, plant disease management, and plant-microbe interactions.
explore research areas



















extension and outreach
outreach connects the resources of the department of plant pathology and environmental biology with community members, industry, and institutions in pennsylvania and beyond by offering the latest research-based, usable information.
explore outreach opportunities

















teaching
our faculty is associated with teaching and advising for the undergraduate plant sciences major and minor degree programs in mushroom science and technology and plant pathology. our graduate degree programs in plant pathology are based on research in a wide range of subdisciplines, as well as faculty mentoring for degree opportunities in interdisciplinary majors including bioinformatics and genomics, ecology, genetics, and plant biology.



















international agriculture
the department of plant pathology and environmental microbiology has a strong commitment to international agricultural research, extension, and education. we work to apply science to solve the most important problems of our times through global engagement.
international agriculture











back to top





department of plant pathology and environmental microbiology









                                    
                                    about
                                




                                    
                                    directory
                                



department telephone
                                    814-865-7448
                                




                                    
                                    contact us
                                






facebook







x (twitter)







instagram




















privacy and legal statements
—
accessibility
—
©
                    2025 the pennsylvania state university








                ×
            


















                                                explore
                                            





                                                        degrees & programs
                                                    



                                                        admissions
                                                    



                                                        research
                                                    



                                                        extension
                                                    



                                                        about
                                                    



                                                        college directory
                                                    



                                                        contact us
                                                    











                                                information for
                                            





                                                        students
                                                    



                                                        industry
                                                    



                                                        alumni
                                                    



                                                        faculty & staff
                                                    



                                                        visitors & public
                                                    









                                request info
                            

                                schedule a visit
                            

                                apply
                            


                             
                        











