






bluemountain.com - games





<script type="text/javascript">
var tracking_js = "https://www.bluemountain.com/share/session.pd?page=customer%2fgame.pd&wv=%3f";
var tracking_vars = '';
var tracking_events = '';
var tracking_group = '';
var tracking_sub_group = '';
var delay_om_ping = true;
</script>
<script type='text/javascript' src='https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/js/segment_tracker.js'></script>










































my account
address book
reminders
my favorites
ecards received
sent ecards















how can we help you
about membership
how to
create & print
ecards
reminders
games
creata mail
troubleshooting guide
computer requirements
contact us








games
top questions

where are bluemountain.com games?
how do i get my game's registration key?
my registration key doesn't work. the game says: 'wrong email or key'. what can i do?
first steps

what are the system requirements to run my games?
how can i play the game after installation?
purchase inquiries and registration issues

i purchased the game and get the message: 'your trial expired'. how do i enter my game's registration key?
i didn't receive a confirmation letter and don't have a registration key. what should i do?
my registration key doesn't work. the game says: 'wrong email or key'. what can i do?
i lost my registration key, how can i find it?
i changed my email address; do i need to contact you?

problems while playing

my screen is black and the game doesn't appear. what do i do?
the game runs very slowly. what can i do?
the game's graphics or sounds are not functioning properly. what can i do?


where are bluemountain.com games?

bluemountain.com games is no longer available. if you require assistance with a game you already downloaded or purchased please browse this help section or contact us. 

you can continue to enjoy games at:
msn games 

return to "where are bluemountain.com games?"        return to top

first steps:

what are the system requirements to run my games?

minimum system requirements

windows 95/98/me/2000/nt/xp
pentium 200
32mb memory
6mb disk space
sound card
800x600 resolution or greater

recommended system requirements

windows 98/me/2000/nt/xp
pentium iii 600
64mb memory
24mb disk space
sound card
3d video card 800x600 resolution or greater

each game has its own set of requirements. when you click 'more info', you'll be able to read about the system requirements of each game and make sure that your system is compatible. many games require operating software called directx from microsoft. to install directx, please visit microsoft's directx download center and follow the installation instructions.

return to "what are the system requirements to run my games?"      return to top


how can i play the game after installation?

after your installation has been completed, a shortcut icon should appear on your desktop. double click on this icon to start playing.

return to "how can i play the game after installation?"        return to top

purchase inquiries and registration issues:

i purchased the game and get the message: 'your trial expired'. how do i enter my game's registration key?

the registration key is normally not required, as after purchasing, the game should be unlocked. if it says that 'your trial expired', follow these steps:

click on the game's icon and on the screen that comes up choose: 'enter registration key'
  go to the purchase confirmation email sent to you. this is the email that was sent to you to confirm your purchase of the game.
  copy from your confirmation letter both the registration key and the email address with which you registered for the game. the registration key is a special code of numbers and letters.
  enter the registration key and email address in the space provided.

click here for tips how to copy.

return to "i purchased the game and get the message: 'your trial expired'. how do i enter my game's registration key?"        return to top


i didn't receive a confirmation letter and don't have a registration key. what should i do?

if you purchased the game from us, we sent you a confirmation letter with your registration key. if you haven't received it yet, you may have entered a wrong email address or had a problem with your email account—make sure it's not over its storage capacity. still can't find it? contact us.

return to "i didn't receive a confirmation letter and don't have a registration key. what should i do?"        return to top


my registration key doesn't work. the game says: 'wrong email or key'. what can i do?

upon purchase, you received a license to use your registration key only on the same computer that you used to purchase the game. make sure you download the game from our website, and register with the email address you originally used to purchase the game.
there are no o's (letters) in the registration key, only 0's (zeros, digits). to avoid making mistakes, copy and paste both the registration key and the email address from your confirmation letter as explained here:

put your mouse cursor (the i shape) on the left of the key (or text) you would like to copy. left-click on the mouse and drag it over the text you wish to highlight. you need to be accurate. release your mouse button. you will see the text highlighted.
  now, when the cursor is on the highlighted area, right-click once on the mouse, a little menu will open. choose (left-click once) copy. the text is now copied.
  move to the document or area (the registration bar) you wish that text to be placed. place the cursor there.
  when you're there, press ctrl+v (control button simultaneously with the letter 'v') once to insert your registration.

now you should have the entire key number in the right place.
still getting an error message? please contact us and provide full details of your purchase (the email address you used when purchasing, order number, game name) and the exact error messages that you are getting.

return to "my registration key doesn't work. the game says: 'wrong email or key'. what can i do?"        return to top


i lost my registration key, how can i find it?

if your game has not unlocked automatically and you cannot find your registration key, please contact us and we will email it to you.

return to "i lost my registration key, how can i find it?"        return to top


i changed my email address; do i need to contact you?

the email address you registered with is part of your personal code. your old email address will still work with your keys even after it's been changed.

return to "i changed my email address; do i need to contact you?"        return to top

problems while playing:

my screen is black and the game doesn't appear. what do i do?

it is possible that you do not have the latest version of directx installed on your computer. please visit microsoft's directx download center and follow the instructions to install directx.

return to "my screen is black and the game doesn't appear. what do i do?"        return to top


the game runs very slowly. what can i do?

make sure your computer meets the game's system requirements. if it does, try to close all other applications before playing again. you may need to restart your computer and try again.

return to "the game runs very slowly. what can i do?"        return to top


the game's graphics or sounds are not functioning properly. what can i do?

make sure your multimedia drivers are updated. if not, install the latest drivers from the web site of the video or sound card's manufacturer. if that still doesn't work, contact us for further assistance.

return to "the game's graphics or sounds are not functioning properly. what can i do?"        return to top


if you have a problem that is not solved by the faq list on this page, please click below to email our customer support team. emails sent to support will be answered promptly within 72 hours click here to contact us.















wondering if the ecard you received is valid? read how we protect you.
help - customer service |  ecard site map | create & print site map |   ecard pick up
bluemountain.com is a service of  .
 copyright © 1996-2013  ag interactive, inc. all rights reserved.
terms of service | privacy policy
visit our friends at: americangreetings.com  | cardstore.com
featured categories: ecards  | birthday ecards  | christmas ecards  | printable cards  | printable birthday cards  | printable christmas cards









