







baby sleeping bags, also called baby sleep sacks for infants and toddlers.



























cart
order status


$4.95 flat fee 2 to 3 day shipping






 













home
products
sizing
promotions
faq
contact
order status
cart
























february special - 20% discount on all products and free shipping
 discount will be applied during checkout. as always, we offer flat fee shipping - regardless of how many sacks you order for only $4.95 usd (us, apo, fpo, dpo only).	discount	expires	on 02/28/2025. 


baby sleeping bags are the safer alternative to blankets




minky blue winter
2.5 togs quilted winter model. minky outer shell, 100% cotton inner lining.
starting at $31.95



minky pink winter
2.5 togs quilted winter model. minky outer shell, 100% cotton inner lining.
starting at $31.95



minky yellow winter
2.5 togs quilted winter model. minky outer shell, 100% cotton inner lining.
starting at $31.95



why shop with us?





the babyinabag advantage

over 20 years of experience in the design, development and production of sleep sacks. 
6 months warranty on the zipper, snaps and seams.
high quality, very soft fabrics. ykk zippers and snaps. very thick and warm winter models.
eliminates loose bedding in the crib - an identified safety hazard. no more kicked-off covers means your baby sleeps more comfortable.
beautiful designs and fabrics for every budget and style. 









cotton or fleece, what is the better material?

				  is your baby sweaty in their sleep bag? synthetic fibers like fleece and polyester are good insulators but absorb moisture in very small amounts and hence are the least desirable fabrics touching your babies skin. all of our bags have a cotton inner shell. with our sleep bags only soft jersey 100% cotton touches your baby's skin, allowing for as comfortable sleeping experience as possible. if babies are comfortable, they tend to sleep longer. so enjoy that extra rest!
				  
choosing the right thickness and warmth
 you need to find the right thickness and warmth first. the tog rating or weight of a sleep bag determines its thickness and therefore how warm it keeps your child. the higher the tog rating (weight) the warmer the sleep bag. we are referrign to winter models as double layered and quilted bags with a warm and plush polyester filling. summer models are not quilted.
				 
				  


sizing chart by weight and length
 please measure your little one from head to toe and match the length of your baby with the corresponding size next to it. please do not buy one size up! the bag will not fit
					  until your little one reaches the right age. the bags will start to fit once your baby reaches  about 3 months old. it is generally recommended to swaddle your infant for the first 2 to 3 months or when they start ro roll. 





















tell me more?

contact us
affiliate program
sizing
faq



need some help?

shipping policies
returns policy
order status



for your security

payment information
privacy policy

© copyright 2002 - 2024 - all rights reserved























