










homepage | grand rapids community foundation






























donor advisors




fund login
have a donor advised fund with us? you can access information about your fund and even make grants online






nonprofits




grant login
akoyago is the place to apply for a grant, access a grant award agreement and/or submit progress reports.




fund login
if you have a nonprofit endowment fund with us, you can access fund information online




use our space
reserve our meeting room for your next gathering.






scholarship-seekers




general scholarship application
scholarships applications can be completed online. submit by march 1!




additional scholarships
in addition to our general scholarship application, some funds at the community foundation require a separate application.








search
search





grand rapids community foundation (en-us)
menu



search form
search form







give
view subpages



give now


create your own fund


give later


donor recognition


covid-19 recovery





$16 million raised - gifts come in all shapes and sizes. last year, we were entrusted with $16 million from our donor partners.





apply for funding
view subpages



what we fund


additional funds


grants awarded


grant application








apply for scholarships
view subpages



general application


additional scholarships


student resources + faqs





$1.77 million in scholarships - this year, deserving students received $1.77 million to pursue higher education.





community leadership initiatives
view subpages



black legacy fund


challenge scholars 


somos comunidad fund


our lgbtq fund


our approach to education impact


youth fund





bold leaders - when there's a knotty issue that needs unraveling, we gather people, work together and take action





about
view subpages



staff


careers


trustees + committees


annual report


our history


regional affiliates


professional advisor partners


2022: centennial celebrations


sponsorship requests





100+ years - grand rapids community foundation was established in 1922. we're proud to be michigan's oldest community foundation.







secondary navigation

news
connect
















our community foundation
connecting people, passion and resources






grand rapids community foundation is a nonprofit organization that connects people, passion and resources—building and managing kent county's permanent endowment and helping philanthropists accomplish their unique goals. the community foundation provides grants to nonprofits, scholarships to students and other supports to eliminate barriers to opportunity, prosperity and belonging.

about the community foundation








a message from leadership 
we can’t do this work without partners like you!

in our 2023-2024 annual report you can read a leadership letter from lasandra gaddy, president and ceo, and reneé williams, board of trustees chair, discussing grand rapids community foundation today and its investments and impact during last fiscal year. lasandra also shares her vision for the community foundation and her thoughts during her first year as president and ceo. 




community happens here 
learn more about us and the work we do





give
grand rapids community foundation has a staff of professionals to help you accomplish your philanthropic goals. whether you are interested in giving during your lifetime or want to create a gift in your will, we can help. we'll listen and provide ideas and options to help you find your unique way to make our community an even better place to call home.
give





apply for scholarships
since 1945, grand rapids community foundation has been a major scholarship provider in kent county, awarding more than $1 million every year to hundreds of students pursuing a higher education.
apply for scholarships





apply for funding
all across kent county, we are committed to creating a community that aggressively seeks to put an end to inequity. since 1922, thanks to the generosity of donor partners, we have awarded over $244 million in grants to benefit our community. 
apply for funding






philanthropists among us

both of us get a great sense of pride by giving back to and supporting the causes that have impacted us and the community in which we live. we both feel that we give so other people have opportunities and that helping other people succeed is one of the greatest rewards.
colin chelovich and molly tupper chelovich

learn about our 100 new philanthropists










community foundation updates
recent news and publications


2023-2024 annual report
in a pivotal year, grand rapids community foundation awarded $16,078,689 in grants to nonprofit partners and scholarships to students. the organization's total assets were stewarded to $448,331,707. other results and stories from partners are highlighted in the 2023-2024 annual report. 
read the annual report


join our email list
join our email list to receive periodic updates on community foundation news. 
click here to join















triangle left














triangle right















grand rapids community foundation (en-us)


give
apply for funding
apply for scholarships
community leadership initiatives
about
news
connect



our accreditations



council on foundations








policies and copyright information
policies © copyright 2025



185 oakes street sw
									
grand rapids,
				michigan,
				49503


(616) 454-1751


social media links

facebook
instagram
vimeo













