













email marketing | social media | e-mail lists - emailresults.com















sign up for our free news letter






home

about us

find lists & services

promote yourself & recieve business leads

contact us




this month's featured marketing company


the right list
contact: john foster
20a northwest blvd #290nashua nh 03063 usa
phone: 1800-697-5977 ext 112
website: http://www.therightlist.com/


email marketing
types of data: micro-targeted, semi-exclusive, hotline, double opt-in, can-spam compliant
we provide b2b and b2c targeted opt-in email, co-registration, lead generation, hard data, contextual marketing, creative services, 
                                email append, reverse append, mobile marketing, data cleansing, and list management. finally marketing with a guarantee.
                            
it is our mission to create successful business relationships built on trust. this requires providing you with not 
                                only inexpensive solutions, but high quality marketing campaigns as well. to achieve this goal our top priorities are to: listen to 
                                our customers needs, employ flawless solutions to fully monetize each of our clients marketing goals, make our clients vision our own. 
                                our main focus is success through innovation, technology and strategy and you can expect only the finest assistance in accomplishing your 
                                objectives. experience a company that will work hard for your success, the right list. act now and receive 20% off your next email campaign. 
                            

social media marketing solutions including facebook, twitter and google+


understanding the request form...

what are you selling: most email campaigns are 
				            selling a product or service. name that product and/or service 
				            in this field. (for example: security services, accounting 
				            software)
target market: name here who you see as the market or 
				            potential buyers of your product/service. (for example: home 
				            owners, accountants)
size of your mailing: how many emails do you plan to 
				            send -- this will affect your potential revenue and cost. (for 
				            example: 100,000 to 250,000)
your time frame: when do you plan to do your mailing? 
				            (for example: mailing within one month)
campaign details: give a more complete description of 
				            what you are planning. (for example: i plan to do 3 sequential 
				            mailings to homeowners in new jersey in order to sell a new 
				            security system.)



useful resources

email marketing 
social media marketing
opt-in email lists

email results is an online marketing company directory.  our main offerings include:  listings of 
						companies that offer email lists 
						for purchase, informative marketing articles and resources, 
						and lists of companies offering social media marketing, 
						email appending services, 
						copywriting, website design, email hosting services and more.







                        if you are looking for a list or marketing services please 
	                    fill out the form below and you will receive proposals pertaining to your 
	                    project.
                    


request information from suppliers




description of campaign or project*:







type of email list you're looking for*:





not looking for a list
consumer
business-to-business
professional
small business
other list or service needed





product or service to be promoted*:







target market*:







select the size of email campaign or number of recipients:





consumer     
under 10,000
10,000 to 100,000
100,000 to 250,000
250,000 to 1,000,000
over 1,000,000
not sure





your budget:





choose budget 
			                                amount   
under $2,000
$2,000 - $5,000
$5,000 - $10,000
$10,000 - $20,000
above $20,000
not sure





services required
(select more than one by clicking with the ctrl key):





email list rental/purchase
email delivery & execution
email campaign tracking & analysis
email creative assistance
email marketing strategy









check box to release your contact








information to suppliers when they reply.



name*:





email*:





phone*:





location*:




check box to release your contact








check box if you are the decision maker on purchasing these services. 



inquiry purpose:



choose one
testing the sytem
general research
checking campaign viability
finding vendors for 
		                                                campaign































home
about us
find lists & services
promote your service
contact us
site map
policy & disclaimer





@ all rights reserved




