










nursing ceus | continuing education for nurses and healthcare providers | wild iris medical education





















































skip to main content



































			          	nursing ceu 


nursing ceus
course bundles

arnp pharmacology

license renewals




			          	courses 


nursing ceu courses
case management ceu courses
occupational therapy ceu courses
state mandated ceu courses
physical therapy ceu courses
emt / paramedic ceu courses
ce courses with audio option



|



free ceus

|


accreditation
blog







			          	my account 


sign in
create account















					limited-time offer: $10 off cardiac patient care: coronary artery disease (cad)
|
special promotions
|
ce courses with audio





 
 





i work in nursing


i work in occupational therapy


i need state-mandated courses


i work in physical therapy


i work as an emt / paramedic




i work innursing


i work inoccupational therapy


i needstate-mandated courses


i work inphysical therapy


i work as anemt / paramedic



 
 






nursing and healthcare ceus
continuing education courses for nursing and other healthcare professions
get started now
how do i earn ceu?
latest deals and discounts


 
 









1 read course
2 pass test
3 pay & get instant certificate



 
 







accredited and approved nationwide
						
						high-quality ceu courses since 1998



















 
 







30 ancc hours nursing ceu package

get renewal-ready and enjoy deep discounts versus purchasing individual courses. get immediate access to our top-selling continuing education course. ancc-accredited provider. instant online certificates of completion. 

view course bundle now





case management ceus now available

wild iris medical education is pre-approved by the commission for case manager certification to provide continuing education credit to ccm board-certified case managers.

view courses




 
 







child abuse recognition and reporting in pennsylvania - act 31 (2 hours)

2-contact-hour training course for license renewal for all mandated reporters.approved by the pa department of human services, with 24-hour electronic reporting to the pennsylvania department of state (dos).


view pa state-mandated course





50% off - sexually transmitted infections (stis) and diseases (stds): a growing epidemic

nursing ceu course to care for patients at risk or with sexually transmitted infections. recognize signs and symptoms for stis; understand prevention based on the national strategic plan; and review treatment for chlamydia, gonorrhea, hpv, and syphilis. covers challenges in controlling the spread of stis and the impact of covid-19.

view course now - 50% off




 
 







clinical care for the heart failure patient

5-contact-hour online ceu course on clinical care for patients with heart failure. learn more about cardiac failure (formerly called congestive heart failure or chf), including the types, causes, signs, symptoms, treatment options, and cardiac rehabilitation. includes american heart association (aha) guidelines.

view course now





free nursing ceus

wild iris medical education offers two free nursing ceu courses for our new nurse customers. sexual harassment for 1 ancc contact hour and covid-19: the impact of a pandemic on mental health for 1 ancc contact hour.sign up now for your free online continuing education courses.

view details




 
 







get 10% off when you sign up for our newsletter


get special offers and discounts on our courses
receive important news and updates


subscribe





read our latest blog

wild iris medical education's new blog 'nursing management of prostate cancer' discusses understanding current, evidence-based interventions to support the patient’s impacted by prostate cancer and effects of treatment.


read blog now











why choose us?


 
 





trusted ce provider





accredited and state-approved





available on any device




















donna ketchum, rn
i truly enjoyed this course.it was one of the most value-added online courses i have ever taken. excellent and thank you.




 
 






join us and become one of our million+ satisfied customers today!

high-quality, accredited, evidenced-based continuing education courses in an easy-to-use format designed for learning, from wild iris medical education. we've been providing online ce since 1998.


get started now



 
 





news, updates and tips





february 2025
february is american heart month


heart month is dedicated to raising awareness and offering prevention strategies for heart disease. 

no matter what age, nobody is immune to heart disease. fortunately, it is largely preventable, and there are lots of strategies to reduce the risk of getting sick. help your patients incorporate a healthy diet and exercise into their daily routines! 

in recognition of heart month, we offer our cardiac patient care: coronary artery disease course at a $10 discount all month.


					











healthcare continuing education


 
 







quality ce made simple for you since 1998
for over 20 years, wild iris medical education has been providing accredited and approved online continuing education to healthcare professionals like you.  we strive to ensure that our courses are consistently high-quality, presenting current, accurate medical information for:

nurses
occupational therapists and occupational therapy assistants
physical therapists and physical therapy assistants
emts and paramedics
other healthcare professionals










accredited, approved, and accepted
our ceu courses for nurses are accredited nationwide by the american nurses credentialing center, accepted by all u.s. nursing boards. our occupational therapy continuing education courses  are approved by the american occupational therapy association or a state board/agency.  we are approved by the california physical therapy board to offer physical therapy ceu courses, which are also accepted by many other state physical therapy boards.  our continuing education courses for emts and paramedics are approved by the coastal valleys ems authority, based in northern california.









fulfill your state’s requirements
many u.s. states require healthcare professionals like you to complete a certain amount of continuing education in order to renew your license to practice, and our courses meet that need.  some states also mandate licensees to complete specific continuing education courses on important topics.  we provide dozens of state-mandated ce courses, which are specifically required by the following states:


california
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
florida
illinois


kentucky
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
nevada
new jersey


new mexico
new york
ohio
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island


texas
washington
west virginia











we are a woman-owned company
most of our customers are women, and we are proud that we can personally relate to your needs and concerns as female professionals in the american workforce.  though we’ve always been women-owned, we made it official a few years ago when we were certified by the women’s business enterprise national council:

certified woman-owned small business
founder and president, ann johnson, is also a registered nurse 
owned and managed by women since our founding in 1998













providing excellent ce since 1998





back to top







providing excellent ce since 1998







about
contact
faq
reviews







wild iris medical educationquality ce made simple


linkedin

instagram
facebook






courses for

nurses
nurse practitioners
case managers
state-mandated
occupational therapists
physical therapists
emt/paramedics





accounts

sign in
create an account
personal accounts
group accounts
help





accreditation

all professions
nursing
state-mandated
occupational therapy
physical therapy
emt/paramedic





about

our company
our team
authors
customer reviews
customer service
services and benefits
privacy policy
security
get our newsletter

25 year anniversary












© wild iris medical education, inc.
terms of service | copyright policy | medical disclaimer | legal disclaimer



































