









cl-solutions - 25 years of successful bioremediation! - cl-solutions





































































































twitterlinkedinyoutubecontact us: 283-223-2325 


0shopping carthome
about cl-solutions
bioremediation products

munox sr
cl-out®
petrox


case studies

dry cleaners
gas stations
industrial sites
oil fields
storage tanks


order now

munox sr
petrox
cl-out


contact us

order now
plate count request
contact us


search




menu


menu

 








effective 1/15/2025 all microbe orders will require payment at the time of order placement. packing and freight will be invoiced upon shipment.


place an order



ncp-approved microbes for marine spills

more about munox sr®

microbes for petroleum bioremediation

more about petrox™

microbes for solvent aerobic cometabolism

more about cl-out®


cl-solutions – safe, natural organisms for bioremediation
microbes using 1,256 metabolic reactions, 32 carbon sources, 28 nitrogen sources, and 29 phosphorous sources for  bioremediation of petroleum and industrial solvents.
cl solutions provides microbes for removal of environmental contamination by petroleum and industrial solvents. cl solutions’ microbial cultures are safe for human health and the environment. when used under appropriate conditions, our microbial blends remove contaminants from surface spills, soil, surface water and ground water fast, safely and more economically than alternative technologies. in addition to standard blends for petroleum and solvent remediation, cl solutions has patented blends for perchlorate, 1,4-dioxane and other contaminants and conditions.
industries served
brownfield redevelopment
petrox and cl-out accelerate redevelopment of environmentally-impaired property through fast, reliable and cost-effective in-situ or ex-situ bioremediation of petroleum and industrial solvents.
manufacturing
cl solutions’ products provide green technologies for industrial maintenance, wastewater treatment, oil-water separator improvement, and chemical and fuel spill remediation.
read more about cl-out bioremediation of industrial solvents and degreasers.
dry cleaners
cl-out has been used to remediate spills and restore value to hundreds of dry cleaners for more than 20 years. this fast and reliable approach removes the contamination and environmental stigma.  for information on dry cleaner remediation view the us epa citizen’s guide to drycleaner cleanup.
read more about cl-out bioremediation at dry cleaners.
gas stations
petrox bioremediation safely removes petroleum and oil contamination from soil and ground water around usts and buried piping without interrupting business operations.
read more about petroleum bioremediation.
refineries and pipelines
petrox microbes metabolize and remove the full range of refined and unrefined petroleum products at pipeline leaks and operating refineries without excavation or business interruption.
agriculture
petrox removes excess nitrate from soil, runoff and ground water. petrox removes a wide range of pesticides from soil, runoff and ground water.
defense
cl solutions’ products have been used at military bases to address soil and ground water contamination from fuel, solvent and explosives, including tnt, dnt and perchlorate.  our microbes have been used at these military installations among others
fort stewart
moody afb
edwards afb
vandenberg afb
avon testing range
macdill afb
badger army ammunition plant
defense logistics agency fuel storage facilities
marine spills
munox sr is us epa approved and an ncp-listed product for the bioremediation of marine oil spills.


i have worked with cl solutions for several years using both cl-out and petrox. my last project used cl-out and an oxygen release compound to remediate a plume emanating from a dry cleaning business in an old shopping center. cl-out remediated the plume before it migrated off the shopping center property into the adjacent neighborhood. the shopping center has since been razed and redeveloped with a community theater and a micro-brewery. cl-out was cost-effective, non-intrusive and the client was very pleased with the results. cl solutions will continue to be my first call for in-situ remediation of chlorinated solvents and petroleum products.
richard d. ordeman, cp, p.g.senior project manager & environmental assessment & brownfield revitalization group manager   gtenvironmentalcolumbus, ohio
cl solutions has been a long time supplier and team partner on numerous projects. cl solutions provides superior products and technical support that helps me solve my client’s problems. we have used cl-out bioaugmentation to remediate solvents in ground water at many dry cleaner and industrial sites. it is a reliable and cost-effective remediation method.
michael f. marcon, capm, pgvice president  incontrol technologies, inc.  houston, texas
eps environmental has been a cl solution customer for eight years. their products have always given us speedy results and their customer service is excellent. we have closed numerous sites using cl-out and petrox solutions and they continue to meet our expectations, even in the difficult soils we encounter in the chicago area.
nicholas j. cuzzone, p.e.senior project engineer  eps environmental services, inc.  chicago, illinois
applied science & engineering, llc has been a cl solutions customer for over 10 years. we have remediated and closed out numerous challenging petroleum contaminated sites in florida using their petrox™ microbes combined with a variety of oxygen releasing compounds. their customer service and technical assistance have been excellent. cl-solutions continues to be our trusted “go-to” vendor for our bioremediation needs.
john blanchard, p.e.regional executive manager  applied science and engineering, llc  tampa, florida
previousnext
  


contact cl solutions


contact us

linksabout cl-solutions
bioremediation products
cl solutions case studies
contact us
follow ustwitterlinkedinyoutube search






 
©2025 cl solutions
all rights reserved


  


© 2025 - cl-solutions 






scroll to top














