







children's music - jim valley rainbow planet music and educational workshops and assemblies



















home



about jim

bio
press
history
jim's garden




programs

mission
why rainbow planet?
school assemblies
school workshops
school adventures
family concerts
educational conferences


teachers

lyrics
movements
lesson plans
posters
what teachers say


kids

coloring pages
kid's art
kid's poetry
what kids say


what's new 

current update
media
travelogue


music, etc.

cd's
dvd's
books
store
videos
sample jim's music


contacts










 















												
												
												
												click to play video:


 


 bringing the joy and magic of music to children  
everywhere



rainbow planet children's music workshops take kids and teachers on a cooperative adventure
of creative expression....in which group singing, movement, creative writing and art are explored through themes of friendship, self esteem, diversity, ecology and imagination!
check out jim's videos!








jim valley, a parent’s choice award winner, is a musician, composer, 
entertainer, and world renowned performing artist.  in his thirty-year career, 
he has created numerous albums, books, a musical play and a dvd. he has been touted by 
educators as an international troubadour -- bringing the magic of music 
and motion to children everywhere -- including twenty countries on five continents. 



"jim brings something special to our schools-music, song, dance, poetry and a sense of community and friendship. jim has visited taipei american school three times in 10 years. every visit is positive, rejuvenating and full of memories for children, parents and teachers. many of jim's songs tie into our character education themes and reinforce the values of kindness, respect and responsibility to others and the environment.
prior to jim's visits, we teach our students his songs and they eagerly anticipate the class sing-a-longs with him, the family concert and the all-school assembly. they are never disappointed! a particular highlight for many students is getting their poetry set to music - how powerful is that! jim has unbounded energy; he is dependable and professional and, he is easy to host. jim valley had provided our students with some of the best memories of their elementary experience. we are already looking forward to his next visit."
-- dr. catriona moran, lower school principal, taipei american school





jim’s music inspires creativity, interaction, and imagination~lifetime learning tools -- 
that strengthen friendships and encourage stewardship of planet earth.

step on in to learn more about the magic of jim valley and rainbow planet!





















sign up to receive jim's e-newsletter
email:  















follow jim on facebook:













for email marketing you can trust










 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  













keywords: children's music, cd, dvd, music education, elementary school music workshops, educational assemblies,
rainbow planet, jim valley, paul revere and the raiders, creative writing, songwriting,
imagination, building self-esteem,  appreciating diversity, anti-bullying, 2016







