





dicarlo guitars – master crafted custom guitars

































skip to content










						dicarlo guitars
					


					master crafted custom guitars
				
 





main menu




6-string instruments
multi-string instruments
specificationsmenu toggle

options
prices


musicmenu toggle

links and players


contact
 

 
 

























 







r.j. dicarlo guitars 






contact rich
















 



 













handcrafted custom guitars 











classical flamenco, nylon jazz, multi-string


















 





6 string instrumentsmastercrafted composite chordophones in the most ubiquitous "classic spanish" styling. 











 





multi-string instrumentsfurther customized acoustic guitars fitted to your playing style and needs. 











 





specs, options, pricesfrom start to finish, you can choose from the soundboard materials to the electronics. 












contact rich




















 










master luthier 



rich dicarlo 











i build my guitars in the spanish tradition – ‘neck joined to body by slots cut into neck’. all instruments are handmade and hand finished. the french polish technique is used as a finish because i believe it enhances the total sound of the instrument. there is also a lifetime guarantee on the finish (under normal wear).”

all master grade woods are used and you have a choice of: soundboards, back and sides, binding and body styles. ebony fingerboards are used exclusively on my instruments, but if you prefer something else, they are listed under specs/options. at present i use rubner, schaller, and gotoh tuning machines. gilbert, alessi, and rodgers tuning machines can be installed as an option.


all of my instruments are constructed with the exclusive use of hand tools.
power tools are used only to bring the rough wood to working conditions.
i have nothing against the use of machinery(other than the noise) but i love the feel of an edge tool.. i also prefer to feel the wood as it’s being worked.

i have an extensive inventory of woods. a large majority is kept in a specially climate controlled room while another portion is kept in the shop, where the humidity is at a constant 45%. the shop batch is usually what i will be constructing instruments with within a years time. temperature and humidity must be constantly monitored.
































work with me 



quality music comes from the hands of skilled musicians playing top-tier instruments.my decades of experience as a master luthier is at your service.reach out to me so that we can get you an instrument that is tailor-fitted to you.







contact rich




























 
































sample music 
















 





 







listen to more


















 


 















 

















facebook-f
 

twitter
 

google-plus-g
 

linkedin-in
 

instagram
 





dicarlo guitars © 2019 all rights reserved.

















 
















