


mel fisher's treasures - historic shipwreck recovery


































































home
online store
treasure sales

online store
store locations
coin data
appr. & re-certs
career opportunities


join the hunt!
division week
mel fisher days!

salvage operations
research

contact us

latest news

museum

















visit our sebastian fl museum
find your own piece of history!
visit our online treasure store









dive for treasure
learn how you can!









shop
our online treasure store













about mel fisher's treasures
mel fisher's treasures is the world leader in historic shipwreck recovery and the source for authentic shipwreck treasure!
mel fisher was a dreamer, a visionary, a legend and most importantly, the world's greatest treasure hunter. we carry on mel's dream of sharing with the public the priceless historical and cultural heritage that these treasures represent. we continue to actively search for and recover the remaining lost treasures of the atocha and the santa margarita while also searching for other yet to be discovered shipwrecks.
                    each precious piece of history we recover goes through an extensive conservation process in our state of the art conservation lab. it then goes on to be studied and then recorded in our comprehensive data base. our team of researchers, conservationists, archeologists, boat captain and crews have a blazing passion to locate and bring forth historic shipwreck treasures to the world.


learn how you can!



experience the fun, romance and adventure of treasure hunting first-hand. dive the richest spanish shipwreck ever discovered, the atocha! search for the fortune in treasure that still remains to be found and take home your very own shipwreck treasure.



own a piece of history



mel fisher's treasures is the source for authentic shipwreck treasure and one-of-a-kind treasure jewelry. the immensity of the atocha's treasure is staggering. what was only a dream instantly became an undeniable reality. you can "own a piece of history" by visiting our online treasure store or one of our 3 retail locations. as mel fisher would say, "today's the day!" 




research & recovery



the search continues! we embody the legacy of mel fisher and his persistent quest to find the wreck site of the nuestra senora de atocha which sank in 1622. follow us on facebook, twitter and instagram to learn about our history and to stay current with our new finds! visit our youtube channel to see our latest videos. see underwater and behind the scenes footage of the mel fisher's dive crew in action. learn tips and techniques from the pros!




visit our museum



we wish to encourage you to learn from the knowledge obtained from these recoveries. our purpose is to promote the highest standards of professionalism in the preservation of both the artifacts and the historical information discovered from these recovered treasures. visit our museum in sebastian florida to see artifacts up close!









 






 tweets by @melfisherskw















popular treasure store products






14k olive blossom ring









compass rose collection









authentic atocha coins









taffi fisher collection












mel fisher's treasures ©  all rights reserved 





