


















community action partnership hillsborough & rockingham counties- helping people, changing lives | snhs















      skip to main content
    





































                about us
          
toggle submenu











                our mission
          





                our team
          





                our history
          





                annual reports
          





                strategic plan
          





                community needs assessment
          





                request for proposal
          













                services
          
toggle submenu











                overview of services
          





                workforce & economic development
          











                workforce innovation & opportunity act (wioa)
          





                career advancement services (cas)
          





                your money in action
          













                education services
          











                early childhood apprenticeship program
          





                teach early childhood® scholarships
          





                english for new americans
          



















                child development
          











                child care aware® of new hampshire
          





                full day child care
          





                head start & early head start
          













                health food & nutrition
          











                child & adult care food program (cacfp)
          





                emergency food assistance (tefap)
          





                hillsborough county community gardens
          





                rockingham county food pantries
          





                senior food program (csfp)
          





                summer food service program
          





                women, infants & children (wic)
          



















                community services
          











                homelessness prevention & housing
          





                retired & senior volunteer program (rsvp)
          





                rural transportation
          





                senior housing
          





                volunteer income tax assistance (vita) program
          





                western hillsborough county family services
          













                energy assistance
          











                electric energy assistance (eap)
          





                fuel assistance (fap)
          





                weatherization assistance (wap)
          





















                get involved
          





                news
          





                careers
          





                employees
          





                contact us
          











a- a a+ 




search































    
            helping people. changing lives.
      
  

see more of our impact in our community.
annual reports























    
            community action partnership hillsborough and rockingham counties
      
  

as the community action partnership serving southern new hampshire and beyond, we help our neighbors conquer obstacles on their path to economic independence. whether it's child care, nutrition, education, workforce, housing, or senior living needs, we offer services to help our community members achieve their goals and provide for their families.


get involved
our mission
















    
            here to help.
      
  








workforce










child development










nutrition










energy










community services










volunteer services










housing










all services















2024
measurable impact

see latest annual report


34,046
summer meals served


6,977
families saved from eviction


11,118
households provided energy assistance























opening of the first opportunity center
press release
for immediate release
date: november 4, 2024
a recent open house and ribbon cutting was held at 130 silver street in manchester to celebrate the opening of the first opportunity center…
read more







volunteer income tax assistance (vita) open
it’s tax time!
the vita - volunteer income tax assistance program is administered by the internal revenue service. the irs partners with organizations like caphr: community action partnership with…
read more







may 2024 community action month proclamation
governor chris sununu proclaims may 2024 as community action month in the state of new hampshire. 2024 marks the 60th anniversary of community action. for 60 years, the nation’s community…
read more







2023 community needs assessment
2023 community needs assessment

read more





previous



next













 


workforce
wioa is a unique program as they offer so many different ways to prepare you for the workplace, not to mention, the trainings available as well as the financial assistance so that you don't have to worry about applying for financial aid or a grant and then not qualifying that could ultimately steer you away from pursuing your dream job and getting the education needed to achieve that goal!!


 


workforce
the services offered were both convenient and extremely helpful. i don’t know how i would have succeeded without their help! it was truly an honor working with the wioa program!


 


energy assistance
on behalf of our disabled son, we want to thank you for your assistance with electric and fuel costs. this is the first year we have applied, and we greatly appreciate your assistance.
client

 


energy assistance
i am so thankful for your help. this took a significant amount of stress off of me. thank you very much for the help with fuel and electric assistance.
client

 


energy assistance
i had great fear in applying for fuel assistance this past spring. everyone was very kind and helpful and made the process less stressful. thank you!
client

 


child development
head start has helped me understand everything i need to know about my child and show me the best resources for me and my child.
parent/guardian

 


child development
head start has been a lifesaver in so many ways. they have provided information about different resources that are available. without the staff i would not know about these. some of the resources have included parenting classes/solutions, sports, art and music. the staff has also been an advocate for me and my kids and has helped me learn and grow in confidence as a parent.
parent/guardian



previousnext
























community action partnership hillsborough and rockingham counties is an equal opportunity employer and service provider.
copyright © caphr, inc. 
terms of use | privacy policy | usda nondiscrimination





office address
40 pine street, manchester


mailing address
p.o. box 5040, manchester, nh 03108


(603) 668-8010 local
(800) 322-1073 toll free
(800) 877-8339 hearing impaired



follow us on linkedin
follow us on facebook
follow us on instagram








     
website development by commonplaces interactive










