















rule of law





















rule of law



british columbia wills, trusts and estates law, elder law and estate litigation.








stan rule


kelowna, british columbia, canada
“rule of law” is both a play on my name, and a statement of my values.  the rule of law is a foundation for both our liberties and for order.  the rule of law respects us as equals.    it allows us to organize our lives, plan our futures, and resolve disputes in a rational way.   there are those around the world and throughout history who have fought in great struggles for the rule of law.  my role is more modest.  i am a lawyer at the law firm of sabey rule llp who works with people, assisting them with estate planning, probate and estate administration.  i also assist people in resolving disputes about wills and estates.  in this blog, i write about some of the legal topics that i deal with in my law practice, and about other legal issues that interest me.  in doing so, i hope that i help others learn more about law, and that i encourage discussion about law and law reform.  i hope that, in some small way, i help nurture the rule of law.  you may contact me at my office at #201 - 401 glenmore rd., kelowna, b.c., canada; v1v 1z6; telephone number: (250) 762-6111.

view my complete profile





sabey rule llp website








sabey rule blogs









sabey rule firm blog




hubschi estate












subscribe to







posts










                  atom
                










posts












all comments










                  atom
                










all comments











subscribe by email


enter your email




powered by feedblitz



canadian wills, trusts & estates law blogs search











canadian wills, trusts and estates blogs









all about estates




executor on the case: becoming a detective for missing assets












bc estate litigation blog




b.c. case comment: court of appeal overturns award against notary who 
witnessed signature to land transfer












blog - disinherited| vancouver estate litigation | contested wills and estate dispute | page 1















blog | family law and estate litigation | onyx law group















estate law canada




using wills, probate, and death records to build your family tree.












hull & hull llp




does a claim for unjust enrichment equal standing to file a notice of 
objection? the answer is clear












toronto ontario estate law blog




trust reporting and the duty to account: “i fought the law and the law won”












wills + estates law blog




everyday heroes: appointing a guardian for your minor children











u.s. wills, trusts, estates and elder law blogs









aging & law in west virginia




dhhr announces lieap applications will be accepted april 24 through april 
28, 2023



1 year ago











elder law prof blog




nyt's ethicist: "my friend is trapped in a nursing home. what can i do?"



1 year ago











florida estate planning lawyer blog




helping family members as they age: florida convenience accounts and joint 
accounts



6 days ago











florida probate & trust litigation blog




what’s a “convenience account” and why should probate attorneys care?



5 weeks ago











law offices of larry d. stratton




lessons from “little sweetie’s” estate



11 years ago











massachusetts estate planning and elder law




welcome



8 years ago











massachusetts heritage law center




why is probate considered a complex process in massachusetts and how can 
you avoid it?



1 month ago











new york probate & estate litigation blog


















new york trusts & estates litigation blog




does counsel have a duty to disclose to a surrogate’s court the fact that 
hearing evidence that counsel proffers has been generated by artificial 
intelligence?



2 weeks ago











north carolina estate planning blog


















trust and wealth management marketing




at year-end . . .



1 month ago











wills, trusts & estates prof blog




article: the illegality defence in singapore trust law: a refined ochroid 
test



2 weeks ago










law blog links


abajournal blawg directory
canadian law blogs list




labels



adult guardianship
(30)


advance directives; mental capacity
(2)


advancement
(4)


asset protection
(7)


assisted reproduction
(1)


benefit plans
(1)


blog features
(3)


books
(9)


cba
(9)


cemeteries and funerals
(3)


charities
(37)


children
(53)


conflicts of law
(15)


constructive trusts
(11)


contracts; time limits
(1)


courses and conferences
(56)


courthouses
(73)


courts
(11)


curing deficiencies
(10)


disabilities
(17)


elder abuse
(17)


elder law
(54)


estate administration
(72)


estate litigation
(312)


estate planning
(94)


estoppel
(4)


ethics and lawyer responsibilities
(20)


evidence
(12)


executors and trustees
(51)


fiduciary duties
(3)


fraud
(15)


gifts
(15)


government programs
(25)


guardians
(3)


guest posts
(5)


historical
(1)


humour
(6)


insolvency
(4)


interpreting wills and trusts
(26)


intestate estates
(14)


joint accounts
(21)


joint tenancy
(37)


law blogs
(25)


law reform
(128)


lawyers and law profs.
(31)


legal fees and court costs
(30)


liabilities
(25)


life insurance
(16)


loans and mortgages
(17)


mediation
(4)


mental capacity
(43)


minors
(1)


multiple wills
(4)


organ donations
(1)


pensions
(11)


pets
(4)


photos
(74)


power of attorney
(34)


presumption of death
(2)


probate fees
(14)


procedure
(64)


real estate
(58)


rectification
(6)


representation agreements
(13)


representation agreements; mental capacity
(1)


rescission
(1)


resulting trusts
(27)


rrsps
(13)


sabey rule
(10)


sabey rule; lawyers and law profs.
(2)


same-sex relationships
(3)


separated spouses
(36)


spouses
(47)


stepchildren
(3)


tax on legal services
(8)


taxes
(75)


termination of trusts
(5)


terminology
(12)


time limits
(24)


trusts
(90)


unconscionability
(1)


unconscionable procurement
(1)


undue influence
(19)


unjust enrichment
(20)


wills
(122)


wills variation
(13)


wills variation act
(80)





blog archive




blog archive
january (1)
april (1)
february (1)
january (1)
may (2)
february (1)
january (2)
november (2)
october (2)
september (2)
august (2)
july (1)
june (1)
march (1)
january (1)
november (1)
october (1)
september (1)
august (1)
june (1)
may (1)
april (2)
march (1)
february (3)
january (1)
december (1)
november (2)
october (1)
july (1)
june (2)
may (2)
april (2)
march (1)
february (2)
january (2)
december (1)
november (1)
october (2)
august (1)
july (3)
june (1)
may (1)
april (1)
march (2)
february (3)
january (3)
december (1)
november (2)
october (1)
august (1)
july (2)
june (3)
may (1)
march (2)
february (2)
january (2)
december (2)
november (4)
october (2)
september (1)
august (1)
july (4)
june (2)
may (2)
april (2)
march (2)
february (2)
january (3)
november (5)
october (1)
september (2)
august (3)
july (3)
june (2)
may (5)
april (3)
march (4)
february (3)
january (4)
december (2)
november (3)
october (5)
september (2)
august (3)
july (4)
june (3)
may (2)
april (3)
march (3)
february (4)
january (3)
december (2)
november (4)
october (4)
september (4)
august (4)
july (3)
june (3)
may (3)
april (4)
march (4)
february (5)
january (4)
december (3)
november (3)
october (5)
september (5)
august (1)
july (5)
june (5)
may (5)
april (5)
march (6)
february (4)
january (4)
december (4)
november (4)
october (5)
september (6)
august (4)
july (5)
june (2)
may (4)
april (4)
march (3)
february (5)
january (8)
december (4)
november (3)
october (5)
september (6)
august (4)
july (5)
june (6)
may (5)
april (5)
march (2)
february (3)
january (6)
december (4)
november (5)
october (6)
september (5)
august (3)
july (4)
june (3)
may (6)
april (2)
march (8)
february (6)
january (5)
december (5)
november (9)
october (8)
september (6)
august (2)
july (5)
june (5)
may (9)
april (8)
march (8)
february (5)
january (10)
december (7)
november (8)
october (6)
september (7)
august (7)
july (5)
june (8)
may (8)
april (10)
march (10)
february (6)
january (8)
december (10)
november (9)
october (11)
september (8)
august (6)
july (7)
june (14)
may (15)
april (7)
march (9)
february (12)
january (11)
december (12)
november (14)
october (14)
september (12)
august (10)
july (14)
june (7)
may (17)
april (12)
march (10)
february (14)
january (7)
december (10)
november (17)
october (14)
september (9)
august (8)






















sunday, january 12, 2025





megan vu joins sabey rule as an articling student





i am pleased to announce that megan vu has joined our firm as an articling student. she has been with us since last fall. megan is originally from yellowknife and is a recent law graduate at thompson rivers university, where she was on the dean's list. 




posted by
stan rule


at
1:57 pm


0
comments

















labels:
sabey rule










saturday, april 06, 2024





parveen shergill joins sabey rule llp





i am pleased to announce that parveen shergill has joined our firm. parveen was called to the bar in 2015, after having served as a judicial law clerk for the saskatchewan court of queen's bench. she has extensive litigation experience with a leading regional full-service firm, and then with a leading insurance defense firm. she now practices primarily in estate planning and administration, estate litigation and dispute resolution. parveen is also fluent in panjabi. 




posted by
stan rule


at
5:43 pm


0
comments

















labels:
sabey rule; lawyers and law profs.










saturday, february 17, 2024





zaleschuk estate





victor stephen zaleschuk died on january 2, 2022,
leaving his spouse, wendy chen, and two children, shane zaleschuk and christian
zaleschuk. most of his wealth was in california, and was held in two trusts.
this case considers the interpretation of a will he made on january 12, 2020, governing
his british columbia assets, which consisted of a residence in victoria, and a
handful of assets of significantly less value, and no funds. his son shane was
living in a suite in the residence.
the will appointed ms. chen has his executor and included
the following:
a).        i distribute my
assets as follows:
i).         residence
at 750 pears road, victoria, british columbia, canada, v9c 3z8 to wendy xin
hong chen. all farm equipment and implements included.
ii).        2016 ford flex
to wendy xin hong chen.
iii).        2011 ford
f-150 to shane zaleschuk.
iv).       all shop tools,
nikon camera, gold bracelet with lapis & diamonds to shane zaleschuk.
b).        i distribute
any residue of my estate as follows:
to both wendy xin hong chen and shane zaleschuk all art &
jewelry and personal belongings as they see fit.
5).        i give my
executrix the following powers:
power of sale, realization, employ agents, and power of
dispute resolution.
***when and if the property is sold: shane zaleschuk to
receive $150,000 cad. steve whitner (a minor) to receive $25,000 cad invested
towards a[n] educational trust fund.
6).        this will was
executed in canada for canadian assets only. my updated (01-01-2020) usa
children’s trust takes precedent of all my assets outside of canada.
there was an
error in the description of the beneficiary steve whitner, whose last name is
widner.
in a letter to his lawyer in california seeking advice
concerning his u.s. estate planning, he described his plans for his residence
in victoria:
this property to be gifted (***) to wendy xin hong chen with
the following caveats
i).         suite
will remain as shane zaleschuk residence. if the property is sold shane to
receive $150,000 cad. a $25,000 education fund gifted to steve whitner.
a canadian trust does not work as i am not a full time
resident of canada. a canada will is included to clarify canadian assets only.
ii).        as the
mortgage renewal will be due april - 2020.....wendy will be added to the title.
***after which wendy will automatically inherent by canada
law. but the will must be adhered to regarding the sale of the property.
it should be noted that wendy chen was not in fact
added to the title of the residence and it formed part of the british columbia
estate. 
in her reasons for judgment, in zaleschuk estate, 2023 bcsc 523, madam justice young first
dealt with a challenge by shane to his father’s capacity to make a will, and
found that he did have capacity and that the will is valid.
the more interesting aspects of the decision involve the
interpretation of the will in light of reforms made in 2014 to british columbia’s
succession laws when the wills, estates and succession act came into effect. the
reforms liberalized the types of evidence admissible when construing a will,
permitted the court to rectify mistakes in a will, and also permitted the court
to give effect to a document or other record that does not comply with the
formal signing and witnessing requirements of a will.
wendy chen argued that she was entitled to the
residence, and that the payments of $150,000 and $25,000 were void because they
are inconsistent with the gift of the residence to her.
shane zaleschuk argued that the gift of the residence
was subject to a trust requiring her to pay those cash gifts when she sold the
residence. he also argued that the letter to the california lawyer, referred to
in the decision as the “record,” gave him the right to occupy the suite in the residence.

the most relevant provisions of the wills, estates
and succession act are: 4(2), 58 (1) through (3), 59 (1) and (2):
4(2)        extrinsic
evidence of testamentary intent, including a statement made by the will-maker,
is not admissible to assist in the construction of a testamentary instrument
unless
(a)       
a provision of the will is meaningless,
(b)        a provision of the testamentary instrument is ambiguous
(i)        
on its face, or
(ii)        in light of evidence, other than evidence of the will‑maker's
intention, demonstrating that the language used in the testamentary instrument
is ambiguous having regard to surrounding circumstances, or
(c)       
extrinsic evidence is expressly permitted by this act.
58 (1)   in this
section, “record” includes data that
(a)        is
recorded or stored electronically,
(b)        can
be read by a person, and
(c)        is
capable of reproduction in a visible form.
(2)        on
application, the court may make an order under subsection (3) if the court
determines that a record, document or writing or marking on a will or document
represents
(a)        the
testamentary intentions of a deceased person,
(b)        the
intention of a deceased person to revoke, alter or revive a will or
testamentary disposition of the deceased person, or
(c)        the
intention of a deceased person to revoke, alter or revive a testamentary
disposition contained in a document other than a will.
(3)        even
though the making, revocation, alteration or revival of a will does not comply
with this act, the court may, as the circumstances require, order that a record
or document or writing or marking on a will or document be fully effective as
though it had been made
(a)        as
the will or part of the will of the deceased person,
(b)        as
a revocation, alteration or revival of a will of the deceased person, or
(c)        as
the testamentary intention of the deceased person.
 
59 (1)   on application for rectification
of a will, the court, sitting as a court of construction or as a court of
probate, may order that the will be rectified if
the court determines that the will fails to carry out the will-maker's
intentions because of
(a)        an
error arising from an accidental slip or omission,
(b)        a misunderstanding of the will-maker's instructions, or
(c)        a failure to carry out the will-maker's instructions.
(2)        extrinsic
evidence, including evidence of the will-maker's intent, is admissible to prove
the existence of a circumstance described in subsection (1).
ms. chen argued that there was no ambiguity in the will
permitting extrinsic evidence, but rather two inconsistent gifts, and the absolute
gift to her prevails over the inconsistent cash gifts. madam justice young
wrote:
[58]       the executor
here submits that it is not appropriate to consider extraneous evidence when
constructing a will which needs no clarification. extraneous evidence is only
considered when there is a need for clarification of a will. she cites elliottestate v. elliott, 1998 can lii 4471 which has some similarities to the
present case. of note, that case predated the enactment of the wesa,
and so deals with the stricter common law rules of construction. the wesa came
into force in 2014. prior to that, the court had no power to rectify a will (simpson
v. simpson estate, 2022 bcca 208 at para. 70).
[59]       in elliott the
will provided the petitioner with an absolute bequest of the testator’s estate.
the respondents who had lived on the property for many years submitted that it
was most probable that the testator intended to bequeath his property in trust
to the petitioner subject to the life estate of the respondents.
[60]       the central
issue in the case was what interest under the testator’s will did the
respondents have in the house that they occupied. justice edwards found that
this was not a case of a patent omission or even of ambiguity. it was a case
where unambiguous but contradictory bequests were found in the same will. if
the initial bequest to the executor of the property stood alone in the will it
could only be interpreted as an absolute gift of the entire estate to her. if
the other bequests stood alone they could not be said to be ambiguous as to the
intention to create life estates or specific bequests of modest sums. the two
gifts were inconsistent (elliott at para. 19).
[61]       justice edwards
found that the case before him was not a case of ambiguity which would permit
the court to entertain evidence of surrounding circumstances in order to
determine the testator’s intention or supply some omission (para. 20). he found
that it was a case of a will containing incompatible bequests which were
governed by the blackburn and cox v. mcmillan (1902), 33
s.c.r. 65 line of authority (para. 21).
citing theimer estate, 2012 bcsc 629, justice
young held that the proper approach is to consider the will as a whole in light
of properly admissible extrinsic evidence.
she held that she could consider the letter to the california
lawyer to assist in determining victor zaleschuk’s intentions. she found that
it supported the view that he intended to impose a trust on the residence requiring
payment of the cash gifts if and when it is sold.
in contrast, madam justice young did not give effect
to the statement in the letter permitting shane to continue to live in the
suite in the residence. the letter, though authentic, did not represent victor
zaleschuk’s final testamentary intention. 
justice young wrote:
[97]       i conclude that
the record is a working paper prepared to obtain advice from mr. watt and
possibly from shelsey robertson as to whether the deceased’s overall estate
plan is “doable”. it does not set out the deceased’s fixed and final expression
of intention as to the disposal of the deceased’s property on death. i am
influenced by his statement that “this is the second draft that i mailed to mr
watts after he made a few changes”.
[98]       the gift to
shane of a life estate to the suite in the residence is inconsistent with the
gift of the property to wendy. it is not provided for in the will.
….
[100]    the cash legacies to shane and
to steve widner are repeated in the will and although inconsistent with an
absolute gift, i am satisfied that the deceased did intend that these cash
legacies be paid. i find that the cash legacy clause should be read in as a
trust imposed on ms. chen to pay if she sells the residence.
[101]    i am not satisfied that the
words “suite will remain as shane zaleschuk residence” should be added to the
will. the record is not a testamentary document. it sets out a plan for the
u.s. and canadian assets but some of it was not implemented, and the note
changed on a few occasions, although the orphan signature page remains the
same.
justice young declared: 
     
iii.        the subclause in clause 5 of the
will as corrected is valid:
 ***when and if the property is sold: shane zaleschuk to
receive $150,000 cad. steve widner (a minor) to receive $25,000 cad invested
towards a[n] educational trust fund.




posted by
stan rule


at
1:28 pm


0
comments

















labels:
curing deficiencies,
estate litigation,
interpreting wills and trusts,
rectification










sunday, january 14, 2024





tom v. tang





in tom v. tang, 2023 bcca 221, released in june, 2023, the
british columbia court of appeal clarified that in a wills variation proceeding
the court applies an objective standard when considering a will maker’s reasons
for disinheriting a child or treating children unequally. earlier court of
appeal decisions have often been interpreted as applying a more subjective
approach to a will-maker’s reasons, allowing a court to uphold disinheritances
or significantly unequal treatments of adult children if the will-maker
provided reasons that were valid (in that they were based on true fact) and
rational (in that they were logically connected with the parent’s treatment of
their child), even if those reasons were not objectively justifiable.
before i get to the legal issues, the story in tom is that
of a couple and their five children, working together to build successful lives
in vancouver, after having immigrated to canada in the 1960s. the will-maker,
bo kam tom, and her husband, with the assistance of their children, bought and
operated a grocery store. they later bought a family home. all of the children
obtained university educations. 
mr. tom died before mrs. tom. her health declined after she
was hurt in a car accident and diagnosed with cancer. all of the children were
described as “dutiful and devoted to their mother, visiting or calling
regularly, taking her to appointments, dim sum and social activities, staying
with her when she needed support and visiting her when she was at the hospital
and later the hospice.“ they were “devoted and loving children.”
two of the children, rose tsai and samsun tom, provided
significantly greater care for their mother in her last few years. in
recognition of their care, she changed her will to leave her house to those two
children, with the rest of her estate divided among all five children. her
house was worth approximately $1.7 million and the remaining assets about
$700,000. the effect of the will was that two of her five children would
receive about 85 per cent of her estate, and the other three, linda tang, faye
wong and jack tom, would share about 15 per cent.
the three children receiving a lesser share brought a wills
variation claim asking the court to provide them with a larger share. 
section 60 of the wills, estates and succession act
provides that the court may vary a will if the will maker does not make
adequate provision for a spouse or child. if adequate provision is not made the
court may vary the will to provide such provision as the court considers
“adequate, just and equitable in the circumstances.” section 62 provides that
the court may consider evidence of the will-maker’s reasons for making the
provision they made. these legislative provisions were formally in the wills
variation act, which is referred to in many of the cases.
the trial judge varied the will to increase the provision
for the three children who were left less in the will. the will was varied by giving
an additional $300,000 to each of rose tsai and samsun tom, and dividing the
rest of the wealth equally among all five children. the decision of the trial
judge reduced the discrepancy among the children, while giving some effect to
the will-maker’s decision to favour two of her children. 
rose tsai and samsun tom appealed. one of their arguments
was that the trial judge should have upheld the will on the basis that their
mother had rational and valid reasons for making the provisions she made in
view of the additional care they provided to her. 
this raises an important issue. the will-maker’s reasons in
this case, that two of her children had provided her with greater assistance,
were factually accurate. her decision to provide those two children with
greater shares is logically connected to her reasons. yet the overall
distribution in her will is arguably disproportionate. she may have good
reasons for favouring two of her children, but leaving them with 85 per cent
seems a bit much in the context of her good relationships with all of her children.
some would argue--including me--that there has been a
tension in the cases between an objective standard in assessing whether a
will-maker has made adequate provision for a child, and some of the cases in
which the courts have upheld distributions on the basis of the will-maker’s
reasons. 
the supreme court of canada has articulated an objective
approach to wills variation cases. in a case decided in 1931, walker v.
mcdermott, [1931] s.c.r. 94, the supreme court of canada said that in
applying the legislation the court “would naturally proceed from the point of
view of the judicious father of a family seeking to discharge both his marital
and his parental duty; and would of course (looking at the matter from that
point of view), consider the situation of the child, wife or husband, and the
standard of living to which, having regard to this and the other circumstances,
reference ought to be had.”
in a more modern case, tataryn v. tataryn estate,
[1994] 2 s.c.r. 807, the supreme court of canada set out a framework focused on
the will-maker’s legal and moral obligations to a spouse or children. legal
obligations refer to obligations such s division of property obligations to a
spouse under family law, while moral obligations are based on society’s
reasonable expectations of what a judicious person would do in the
circumstances.
in three cases, bell v. roy, (1993) 75 b.c.l.r. (2d)
213, kelly v. baker (1996), 15 e.t.r. (2d) 219, and hall v. hall,
2011 bcca 354, the court of appeal has used language implying a more subjective
standard if the will-maker provides reasons that are valid and rational, even
if not objectively sufficient. 
in bell, justice goldie wrote at paragraph 38,
…that the weight to be given evidence of the testator's
reasons is affected by its accuracy and not by morally acceptable or
unacceptable content. i do not say the legislature swept away any objectively
determined moral duty. i do say, however, that the actual intentions of the
testator are to be given an effect which is largely denied by reliance upon the
notionally objective reasonable testator.
in kelly, justice finch (later chief justice) wrote,
the law does not require that the reason expressed by the
testator in her will, or elsewhere, for disinheriting the appellant be
justifiable.  it is sufficient if there were valid and rational
reasons at the time of her death - valid in the sense of being based on fact;
rational in the sense that there is a logical connection between the reasons
and the act of disinheritance.
as i wrote in 2015 in a blog post entitled “it’s time forthe court of appeal to revisit its formulation of ‘rational and valid reasons’in wills variation cases,” these cases have been criticized in other court
decisions as being inconsistent with the objective standard in tataryn.
in the court of appeal in tom, madam justice fenlon
considered bell, kelly and hall in the context of the facts and issues in
dispute in each of those cases, and found that the court of appeal in each of
those cases did apply an objective approach and was not advocating a more subjective
approach to a will-maker’s reasons. for example, in kelly, the claimant
submitted that at the time the will was made, four years after the claimant
left home, the reasons did not provide a sound basis for disinheriting him.
those reasons included that he had abandoned his family and lived a life
morally unacceptable to the will-maker. however, the will was made 16 years
before the will-maker died. justice finch was addressing the timing of the
reasons: they did not have to be justifiable at the time the will was made, if
they were consistent with the “discharge of a good parent of her duties to her
family,” at the time of her death. 
after considering all three cases, justice fenlon wrote,
[51]         in
summary, bell ca, kelly and hall do
not stand for the principle that a testator’s unequal treatment of adult
children must be deferred to, without regard to the objective standard of the
reasonable testator and current social norms, as long as the subjective reasons
given for the unequal distribution are valid and rational. these cases
recognize instead that a testator’s moral duty to adult children must be
assessed from the viewpoint of a reasonable testator, and that the moral duty
may be negated where there is just cause.
the court of appeal in tom went some distance in
re-interpreting it’s earlier decisions, but the result is to bring the
jurisprudence in line with the objective framework of tataryn. 
this ground of appeal was dismissed. the court of appeal did
vary the trial judge’s decision a little, by awarding each of rose tsai and
samsun tom 30 per cent of the estate with the other three sharing 40 per
cent.  
 




posted by
stan rule


at
5:27 pm


0
comments

















labels:
estate litigation,
wills variation










monday, may 22, 2023





amendment to family law act enhances protection for inheritances





 a recent change to british columbia’s family law act
provides greater protection for inheritances from claims of spouses on the
breakdown of a marriage or marriage-like relationship. the basic structure of
our family law act provides that some assets are “included property” in the division
of property and other assets are “excluded property.” in most cases, included
assets are divided equally between spouses following the breakdown of the marriage
or marriage-like relationship, and excluded property is, well, generally
excluded from the division. the court may in some circumstances deviate from this
scheme of division, but for the purpose of this blog, lets keep it simple.
when one spouse receives and inheritance or gift, that
property is excluded. however, if the property appreciates in value during the marriage
or relationship, then the gain is included, and divided equally. say, for
example, one spouse inherits a house worth $800,000 from her mother (probably not
in vancouver), and on separation from her spouse, the house is worth $1
million, then she keeps $800,000, but shares the $200,000 gain with her
ex-spouse.
this seems simple enough, and strikes me as fair. the mother
intended to benefit her daughter, rather than her daughter’s spouse, but on the
other hand, the appreciation in value occurred during the marriage. where things
get murkier is if the daughter transfers the house into her spouse’s name
during the marriage. perhaps she transfers title into a joint tenancy with her
spouse, so that if she dies before him, he will receive the house by right-of-survivorship.
in that case, does the house remain excluded property? 
the british columbia court of appeal, answered that if excluded
property is gifted by one spouse to the other, it is no longer excluded. i
wrote about the case of v.j.f v. s.k.w., 2016 bcca 186 here. in that case, the
husband inherited $2 million from his employer, and used most of the funds to
buy land, the title to which he and his wife registered in her sole name. on
the breakdown of the relationship, both the trial judge and the court of appeal
held that the residence was no longer excluded property. 
the british columbia government published a discussion paper in august 2016 discussing this issue and invited comments for potential
legislative change.
now, the legislation has been changed, effective may 11,
2023. the following provision has been added to section 85:
(3)          if
property is excluded from family property under subsection (1), the exclusion
applies despite any transfer of legal or beneficial ownership of the property
from a spouse to the other spouse.
85 (1) excludes from family property inheritances as well as
certain other categories of property such as assets brought into the relationship,
and any property derived from the sale of excluded property. 
if this new subsection 85(3) had been in effect when the proceeding
in  v.j.f. was commenced, it is likely
that the $2 million would have been excluded, rather than shared between the
spouses.  




posted by
stan rule


at
2:08 pm


0
comments

















labels:
separated spouses










saturday, may 13, 2023





estates disputes in british columbia: a litigator's guide





the continue legal education society of british columbia has published a new manual entitled estates disputes in british columbia: a litigator's guide. the chapters are:1.  initial considerations in estate disputes2.  conflict of laws in estate disputes3.  resolving estate disputes through mediation4.  proceeding with estate litigation5.  validity of wills disputes6.  interpretation, rectification, and construction of wills disputes7.  curing a defective will8.  wills variation claims9.  disputes regarding attorneys10.  disputes regarding personal representatives and trustees11.  committeeship applications and claims against committees12.  inter vivos trust disputes13.  inter vivos transfer disputes14.  life insurance, registered account, and benefit plan beneficiary designation disputes15.  resulting trusts, unjust enrichment, constructive trusts, and secret trusts16.  issues of spousal status in estate disputes17.  administration of intestate estates disputes18.  passing of accounts and trustee remuneration disputesshahdin farsai of our firm authored the chapter, passing accounts and trustee remuneration disputes. i am one of the co-editors of the book.  




posted by
stan rule


at
4:55 pm


0
comments

















labels:
books,
estate litigation










sunday, february 26, 2023





canfield v. bronze wines ltd.





 madam justice horsman’s decision in canfield v. bronze wines ltd., 2022 bcsc 546, additional reasons at 2022 bcsc 1435, illustrates the
application of unconscionability to improvident transfers of wealth. the
doctrine may apply where value is given for the transfer, it does not require a
finding that the transferor did not have capacity, nor evidence of undue
influence.
this case also illustrates the responsibilities of lawyers
and notaries public in witnessing transfer documents. on this point, the trial
judge’s finding of liability of the notary public was overturned in engman v.canfield, 2023 bcca 56, although the court appel agreed with her analysis of
the notary’s responsibilities. 
jean canfield signed an agreement to sell her home on an
acreage in grand forks b.c. in january, 2012, to bronze wines ltd. for 465,000.
pursuant to the agreement, bronze wines was not required to make a down payment
or any payments for two years, after which bronze wines was required to make
monthly payment to her of $2,500 until she was paid in full. bronze wines was
required to pay interest at the “bank of canada prime rate + 1%.” the agreement
provided that she could foreclose and reclaim the property if bronze wines
missed three consecutive payments.  
when she made the agreement, she was in her 70s, recovering
in an assisted-living residence in langley, b.c. from hip surgery. in 2010, she
found it too difficult to manage the acreage and she moved in with one of her
children in langley, and then into the assisted living residence. she listed
the property in 2010 and then in 2011, but had no success in selling.
the principal of bronze wines was scot stewart, who was a
friend of mrs. canfield’s son-in-law max bottoni. mr. stewart wanted to start a
winery. he had no training or experience making wines, was unemployed, and did
not have substantial assets. mr. bottoni negotiated the agreement with mr.
stewart, who wrote up the agreement using a self-counsel precedent. mrs.
canfield met mr. stewart for the first time when he took the agreement to her
residence, and they both signed it. she did not request any changes and did not
receive any legal advice before signing. it should also be noted that the trial
judge found that mr. bottoni had an interest in bronze wines, and was not
acting as an agent for his mother-in-law.
in order to transfer title to the acreage, mrs., canfield
need to sign a form a transfer in the presence of an “officer,” under the land
title act, which include a lawyer or notary public. mr. stewart scheduled an
appointment for mrs. canfield with a notary public, mr. engman, in new
westminster. mr. stewart and mr. bottoni attended the notary’s office with her.
mr. stewart brought a form a transfer document with him and the notary
witnessed mrs. canfield’s signature, and gave the form a transfer back to mr.
stewart, who later arranged for registration of the change in title to bronze
wines. 
the meeting between mrs. canfield and the notary took about
10 to 15 minutes, for which the notary charged $50. mr. stewart paid the fee.
madam justice horseman found that the notary did not take any steps to ensure
that mrs. canfield understood the document, had capacity to sign it and was not
subject to undue influence. mrs. canfield did not receive and legal advice nor
did she confirm to the notary that she had received legal advice in respect of
the transfer. 
mr. stewart and bronze wines needed to arrange financing to
carry out repairs and renovations to the property. bronze wines granted
mortgages of the property to secure the financing, and at trial there were tow
mortgages: one for the principal amount of $335,000 and the other for $69,440.
sadly, bronze wines’ business failed, and the property went into foreclosure.
it was sold sale proceeds of $338,000 were paid into court.
mrs. canfield never received a payment for the sale of her
home. at the time of trial, she was living in a subsidized residence in nelson,
b.c. she has no significant assets. 
several claims were advanced on mrs. canfield’s behalf,
including:
1.     a claim seeking rescission of the agreement with
bronze wines and damages on the  basis of unconscionability;2.     
a claim for damages against mr. stewart
personally;3.     
a claim that the limitation period for one of
the lenders to enforce its mortgage had expired;4.     
a claim for damages against the notary for
negligence.



mrs. canfield had settled with one of the lenders. madam
justice horsman dismissed the claim that the other creditor’s right to enforce
its mortgage was out of time, and also dismissed the claim against mr. stewart
personally. i will focus on unconscionability and the claim against the notary.
the leading recent case on unconscionability is the supreme
court of canada decision in uber technologies inc. v. heller, 2020 scc
16, decided in the very different context of the enforceability of an
arbitration clause in uber contracts (the court held that it was not). 
unconscionability provides an equitable exception to the
enforceability of contracts when the agreement is both unfair and resulted from
an inequality of bargaining power between the parties to the agreement. as set
out in madam justice horsman’s reasons in paragraph 72:
through the doctrine of unconscionability, equity provides
relief where the traditional presumptions underlying freedom of contract—the
“freely negotiated bargain or exchange” between “autonomous and self-interested
parties”—lose their justificatory authority due to the vulnerability of one
party to the contracting process: uber at paras. 56-60. courts
will not ignore serious flaws in the contracting process where those flaws
challenge the traditional paradigms of the common law of contract. as explained
by the supreme court of canada in uber:
[58]      …the elderly person with
cognitive impairment who sells assets for a fraction of their value (ayres
v. hazelgrove, q.b. england, february 9, 1984); the ship captain stranded
at sea who pays an extortionate price for rescue (the mark lane (1890),
15 p.d. 135); the vulnerable couple who signs an improvident mortgage with no
understanding of its terms or financial implications (commercial bank of
australia ltd. v. amadio, [1983] hca 14, 151 c.l.r. 447) — these and
similar scenarios bear little resemblance to the operative assumptions on which
the classic contract model is constructed.
to succeed in an allegation that the agreement is
unconscionable, the weaker party must by “unduly disadvantaged.” but it is not
necessary to show that the stronger party knowingly took advantage of the
weaker party. 
applying the analysis in uber to the facts, madam justice
horsman found that mrs. canfield established that she was in a position of an
inequality of bargaining power:
[92]         there
was an inequality of bargaining power as a result of mrs. canfield’s inability
to adequately protect her own interests. i accept the defendants’ submission
that there is no basis in the evidence for a finding that mrs. canfield lacked
capacity to contract. however, as uber makes clear, the
doctrine of unconscionability is not restricted to cases where a party lacks
capacity. in this case, mrs. canfield had situational vulnerability as a result
of the circumstances she found herself in at the time of the agreement. she was
an elderly widow with health problems who felt pressure to sell a property she
could no longer manage. she was deprived of information that was critical to
her exercise of autonomous decision-making in the contracting process. she did
not know that mr. bottoni had aligned himself with bronze wines, and thus could
not be relied on to protect her interests. she had no information about mr.
stewart’s limited income and assets, nor was she told of his lack of experience
in the wine-making business. she did not know of mr. stewart’s plan to mortgage
the property as soon as it was transferred to bronze wines. she was not
provided with full information about the nature of the risks inherent in the
agreement that mr. bottoni and mr. stewart wished her to sign.
[93]         this
contracting process did not take place on a level playing field. as a practical
matter, only mr. stewart and mr. bottoni could understand and appreciate the
full import of the contractual terms, as well as the extent to which the
bargain imperilled mrs. canfield’s interests. unbeknownst to her, she was
agreeing to transfer her only asset of any significant value to bronze wines in
return for an unsecured stream of future income that was dependent on the
financial success of a wine-making business operated by someone with no income,
assets, or wine-making experience.
madam justice horsman agreed with mr. stewart that there was
no evidence that bronze wines deliberately took advantage of mrs. canfield, but
it is not necessary to show that he intended to do so for unconscionability to
apply.
madam justice horsman also found that mrs. canfield met the criteria
of an improvident transaction:
[98]          turning
to the second requirement for a finding of unconscionability, i have no
difficulty in concluding that this was an improvident transaction. a
substantively improvident bargain was struck as a result of mrs. canfield’s
inequality of bargaining power. the terms of the agreement, which are more
favourable to bronze wines than to mrs. canfield, offered bronze wines, a
corporation with no assets, a generous two-year payment holiday as well as a 20
to 40-year amortization period to repay the purchase price without providing
any real security or an agreed interest rate. in the context of mrs. canfield’s
situational vulnerability and the informational asymmetry that characterized
this contracting process, she could not have understood or appreciated the
meaning or significance of the contractual terms, as well as how they unduly
disadvantaged her position.
ideally, when an agreement is set aside as unconscionable,
the weaker party is restored to the position they were in before the agreement
was made. the contract is rescinded. in this case, because the acreage was
mortgaged and sold, mrs. canfield could not have the acreage, nor the full
proceeds of sale, returned to her. madam justice horsman ordered rescission,
but it was limited to restoring the portion of sale proceeds remaining after
the lender was paid. she also ordered that bronze wines compensate mrs.
canfield for the difference between the fair market value of the acreage of
$465,000 less the amount she receives from the proceeds of sale.
in view of the fact that the sale price does not appear to
be significantly higher than the amount of the loans, and that bronze wines has
no assets, mrs. canfield would likely receive little or no compensation, unless
she succeeded in her claim against the notary in negligence.  
in determining the standard of care required of the notary,
madam justice horsman considered the requirements of the land title act for an
officer witnessing a transfer, and the standards set in the notaries guideline
form the society of notaries public of british columbia. the land title act provides that the signature of a transferor is proof that they know the
contents of the document, has signed it voluntarily and has capacity to execute
it. accordingly, it is necessary that the notary witnessing the signature
establish those facts. the notaries guideline also contained the following
provision:
2-g6  unrepresented persons – a member
should not advise an unrepresented person in a transaction, but should urge
such a person to obtain independent advice and, if the unrepresented person
does not do so, the member should take care to see that such person is not
proceeding under the impression that his or her interests will be protected by
the member.
madam justice horsman found the standard of care to be as
follows:
[215]     for these reasons, i
conclude that the standard of conduct expected of mr. engman as a reasonable
and prudent notary witnessing mrs. canfield’s execution of a form a included:
(1)  confirming mrs. canfield’s identity;
(2)  advising mrs. canfield that mr. engman was
not providing her with legal advice on the transaction;
(3)  confirming that mrs. canfield had received
independent legal advice, or at least that she had made an informed decision
not to seek legal advice;
(4)  making inquiries that were sufficient to
satisfy himself that mrs. canfield had the capacity to sign the form a; and
(5)  making inquiries that were sufficient to
satisfy himself that mrs. canfield understood the content and legal effect of
the form a, and was signing it voluntarily.
the notary did not meet that standard of care, madam justice
horsman finding that he did not take steps to determine mrs. canfield’s capacity,
her understanding of the transaction, whether she received independent legal
advise and whether she was acting voluntarily.
the next question in determining negligence is whether the notary’s
conduct caused mrs. canfield loss. the first test is cause in fact: but for his
conduct, would she have gone ahead with the transfer? the second is cause in
law :is the relationship between his conduct and the loss too remote?
madam justice horsman found that mrs. canfield had
established that the notary’s conduct caused her loss: 
[229]     if mr. engman had
insisted that mrs. canfield receive independent legal advice before he
witnessed her signature on the form a, then she would have had the opportunity
to have the unconscionable agreement rescinded before the transfer of the
property had occurred. but for mr. engman’s breach of duty, mrs. canfield would
have avoided the loss of her property to bronze wines. she could have sold it
in the ordinary course for its full market value. i find, therefore, that the
evidence establishes that mr. engman’s breach of his standard of care was a
factual cause of mrs. canfield’s injury.
[230]     the loss for which mrs.
canfield seeks compensation—the value of her property at the time of its
transfer to bronze wines—is not too remote to be recoverable. mrs. canfield’s
actual loss is a reasonably foreseeable consequence of mr. engman’s breach of
duty. it was reasonably foreseeable that if mr. engman failed in his duty to
make the inquiries necessary to satisfy himself that the transfer was
voluntary, its effect was understood by mrs. canfield, and that she had
received legal advice about the transaction, then mrs. canfield risked losing
the property without adequate compensation. i find, therefore, that the
evidence also establishes that mr. engman’s breach of his standard of care was
a legal cause of mrs. canfield’s injury.
the notary appealed the finding of liability against him to
the b.c court of appeal.
the court of appeal agreed with madam justice horseman’s analysis of the duty of care owed by the notary to mrs. canfield, rejecting the notary’s
argument that his obligations in witnessing the transfer were more limited.
however, the court of appeal allowed the appeal on the basis
that the mrs. canfield failed to prove that the notary’s negligence caused her
loss. to establish causation, she would have had to show that if he had
confirmed that she had legal advice or refused to proceed with witnessing the
transfer that she would not have proceeded with the transfer. the evidence did
not establish that she would not have proceeded with the transaction. there were
too many unknowns and a finding that she would not have proceeded with the transfer
was, in the court of appeal’s view, speculative.
accordingly, although mrs. canfield established her case
that the agreement to sell her acreage to bronze wines was unconscionable, her
claim against the notary failed, and sadly she will not likely be compensated
for her loss.




posted by
stan rule


at
4:34 pm


0
comments

















labels:
unconscionability












older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)





disclaimer

rule of law web-log is intended for general educational purposes only, and you may not rely on its contents for legal advice. please keep in mind that the laws of british columbia are often different from the laws of other provinces of canada, states of the united states of america, and other countries. furthermore, the law changes, and what was once an accurate statement of the law, may now be outdated and inaccurate. if you have a specific legal problem or issue, please consult a lawyer who is familiar with the laws of your province, state or country. neither reading this blog, nor sending me an unsolicited email will create a solicitor and client relationship with me.











