





the nuclear weapon archive - a guide to nuclear weapons





the nuclear weapon archive
a guide to nuclear weapons





if we fight a war and win it with h-bombs, what history will remember
is not
the ideals we were fighting for but the methods we used to accomplish them.
these methods will be compared to the warfare of genghis khan, who ruthlessly
killed every last inhabitant of persia. 

hans a. bethethe road from los alamos: collected essays of hans a. bethe




...and these atomic bombs which science burst upon the world that night were strange even to the men who used them. 

h. g. wellsthe world set free, 1914





about this site

archive charter
archive history
notable quotes


about the graphics used
disclaimer
credits and thanks



a "sister site" relationship has been established with gregory walker's
trinity site.
greg and i are actively collaborating to provide the broadest variety of nuclear weapon information, in the most convenient form that we can. the two sites each have a different focus. the nuclear weapon archive provides current information, technical data, and informative write-ups.
the trinity site focuses on historical information, especially reproductions of public domain documents.




latest site updates
//https://nuclearweaponarchive.org/usa/weapons/allbombs.html
5 april 2023

updated the complete list of all u.s. nuclear weapons.
updated the nuclear weapons frequently asked questions.

12 june 2020

updated the complete list of all u.s. nuclear weapons.
updated the nuclear weapons frequently asked questions.

25 january 2020

updated reference links on this page. contact email changed.

13 march 2019

updated the nuclear weapons frequently asked questions.

3 september 2007

updated the tsar bomba page (the world's largest nuclear bomb).

31 august 2007

updated pages on the u.s. nuclear weapon enduring stockpile.

23 august 2007

added britain's first plans for developing an atomic bomb,  william penney's 1947 first outline of the features of the atomic bomb, and the tasks required to develop one.

3 july 2007

updated the section 8 of the nuclear weapons frequently asked questions, "the first nuclear weapons", now with diagrams.

13 january 2007

added the enola gay page.

9 january 2007

updated pages on the u.s. nuclear weapon enduring stockpile, u.s. nuclear forces and the w62 and w76 warheads..

14 december 2006

added pages on the aleksandr litivenko case and on polonium poisoning.

25 october 2006

most recent update to north korea.

14 october 2006

added north korea to the list of declared nuclear states.
updated u.s. nuclear arsenal page.

17 may 2006

updated operation castle test page and nuclear weapons frequently asked questions, section 12. contact email changed.

17 august 2003

site is retitled the nuclear weapon archive with its own domain.



the past is prologue



history - world war ii (and before)




dawn of the atomic age
invention and discovery: atomic bombs and fission
the manhattan project


trinity
little boy and fat man
the enola gay


hiroshima and nagasaki




history - postwar weapons development


the links below take you to pages describing the nuclear weapons tests series conducted since world war ii. the ever popular nuclear test images are accessed through these links.


united states
soviet union/russia
united kingdom
france

china
india
pakistan
north korea



the present


arsenals of the declared nuclear states


united states
russia
united kingdom
france


china
india
pakistan
north korea




nuclear states in the shadows


south africa
israel
iraq






archive departments


announcements and reviews
last changed 15 august 1999
reviews of products and publications of special interest
nuclear wallpaper image collection
last changed 30 march 2001
large high quality images



reference library


background



fission physics [1996]
fusion physics [1996]
basic principles of fission weapons [1996]
gun assembly [1996]
implosion assembly [1996]
the teller-ulam design: staged radiation implosion
[1997]
glossary of nuclear weapons terms [1994]






nuclear weapons frequently asked questions (nwfaq) by carey sublette

last modified: 13 march 2019inactive links are for section that have not been completed or released


0.0  introduction
1.0  types of nuclear weapons
2.0  introduction to nuclear weapon physics and
design
3.0  matter, energy, and radiation
hydrodynamics
4.0  engineering and design of nuclear
weapons
5.0  effects of nuclear explosions
6.0  nuclear materials
7.0  nuclear weapon nations and arsenals
8.0  the first nuclear weapons
9.0  hiroshima and nagasaki
10.0  chronology for the origin of atomic
weapons
11.0  questions and answers
12.0  useful tables
13.0  bibliography
14.0  nuclear weapons faq change history




major reference articles and links


repository of nuclear effects computer simulations and models
illustrated effects of nuclear weapons
plutonium manufacture and fabrication (illustrated)
the smyth report: atomic energy for military purposes; the first public description of atomic technology, released in 1945 and still an excellent introduction
nuclear tests
comprehensive list of all nuclear explosions by jim lawson [8/1996]
official list of underground nuclear explosions in nevada
[1995]
    
bibliographic material
some references [1995]
the big list of nuclear weapons publications [1995]

links to important information sites.maintaining links to web resources is a challenge. the links listed here all work as of the beginning of 2020.

the department of energy home page
	is an excellent place to start. several pages of excellent links to other doe information sites are accessible from here.
u.s. department of energy office of scientific and technical information.
	excellent link for accessing millions of pages of on-line information. lawrence livermore national laboratory has shut down its library search portal and llnl reports can be found here.
government accounting office report page.
	a valuable resource. go to gao access search page, use keyword search (like "nuclear").
  many fy 95 and later reports are available online
complete archive site for the late lamented u.s. office of technolgy assessment (ota). hosted by princeton univ.
federation of american scientists: nuclear resources lots of stuff here, browse around.

    stephen schwartz's list of u.s. nuclear weapons facilities

    brookings institute nuclear weapons cost study home page

    gregory walker's trinity site
the bulletin of the atomic scientists, this site now hosts the text of many valuable articles, with on-line search capability.

    natural resources defense council (nrdc)
james martin center for nonproliferation studies (cns)
	at the monterey institute of international studies (miis). excellent repository of on-line materials
british american security information council
	(basic). an independent research organization that analyzes government policies.
project on government oversight (pogo): center for defense information (cdi) an independent military policy research and analysis organization, has many on-line resources.
medical management of radiological casualties good resource on biological and chemical weapons.
fm 8-9: nato handbook on the medical aspects of nbc defensive operations

plutonium: the first fifty years from the us doe

drawing back the curtain of secrecy: restricted data declassification decisions, 1946 to the present (january 1, 2001).	version rdd-7. lots of interesting bits of information about nuclear weapons.
t-2 nuclear information service. located at los alamos, this is the site to go to first for nuclear physics data.

    nuclear data center of the japan atomic energy research institute (jaeri).	this is an excellent source of nuclear physics data also.

    archived greenpeace report on dual capable technology (check out figs 4, 5, 6 and 7) 

    sandia lab news
nevada national security site

    united states nuclear tests: july 1945 through september 1992 (rev 16, september 2015)
cia freedom of information act electronic reading room hosts downloadable declassified documents.
places to visit
national atomic testing museum
national museum of nuclear science & history
bradbury science museum: "your window into los alamos national laboratory"





other archive materials

richard k. brown's warhead diagrams 
pulse power switching technology [10/96]


other pages of links

historical links and articles
eyewitness accounts of hiroshima/nagasaki survivors



rummage through past archives
the 1997 archivescheck here for 1997 stuff no longer on the list above.
the 1996 archives
the 1994-1995 archives


send all feedback to: careysub@nuclearweaponarchive.org
advice for those who wish to contact me:

if i don't respond, try emailing me again. it is easy for real email to get accidentally lost in the occasional spam flood.
don't try to send me an attachment without corresponding by email with me first. i malware and viruses arriving as attachments, and i often delete such messages on my mail server without ever downloading them.







