






















ucla school of nursing | ucla nursing school

















  skip to main content









university of california, los angeles







giving






translate












search















 about


about sub-navigation






 mission, vision, & core values



 fast facts



 our leadership



 our people



 our students



 community engagement



 nursing initiatives



 the safe zone for students, staff, & faculty



 careers



 contact





 programs & admissions


programs & admissions sub-navigation






 academic programs



 financial aid



 contact admissions



 current students





 research


research sub-navigation






 the office of research and innovation



 current funded research



 scientific expertise



 postdoctoral fellows





 news & events


news & events sub-navigation






 nursing news



 ucla nursing magazine







university of california, los angeles











main
close
















search
try looking up an academic program, research topic, or information about life at ucla.




search







search





quick links


alumni


students
















ucla nursing school















      preparing the future of nursing
  


              from bachelor to doctoral degrees, our programs prepare leaders in healthcare.
            

    learn more about our programs
      














innovation.




leadership. 




excellence.













explore our programs


















      student success is our purpose
  

the ucla school of nursing prepares students to excel in patient care, research, education, and leadership.


     why choose ucla?
      










bachelor of science
the four-year undergraduate program prepares students to enter the nursing field – after passing the registered nurse licensing exam – or pursue graduate studies. 
bs




master of science - entry
the two-year master of science in nursing program prepares those with undergraduate degrees in other subjects for a career as a registered nurse, clinical nurse leader or public health nurse. 
mecn




post-master's certificate - psych. mental health
the predominantly remote, one-year certification program trains nurses to provide mental health care, alleviating the hardships caused by a statewide shortage of psychiatrists.
pmhnp








doctor of philosophythe four-year, research-focused program prepares graduate level nurses to develop new knowledge through scientific research, to educate future nurses, and to improve healthcare delivery and policy.phd




post bsn-dnp programthis new three-year, post bachelor of science in nursing to doctor of nursing practice (post bsn-dnp) program is designed to prepare registered nurses to become experts and leaders in advanced practice while completing a doctoral degree in nursing. post bsn-dnp










      be a change agent for ucla nursing
  

    support us today
      

















      research
  

advancing new knowledge and improving health outcomes through research is a priority of the ucla school of nursing.


    discover more
      












      world-class faculty
  

school of nursing faculty continually earn accolades and awards for their leadership, scholarship, and teaching.


    our people
      










ucla nursing news









read the new ucla nursing magazinethe winter 2025 issue spotlights the people and ideas transforming nursing locally and globally.







submit an abstract for the 2025 ucla nursing science & innovation conferenceucla health nursing and the ucla school of nursing are now accepting abstract submissions for podium (oral) and poster presentations at the 21st annual ucla nursing science and innovation conference, at ucla covel commons on may 28, 2025. 







2025 brings new faculty faces to the ucla school of nursingthe ucla school of nursing is proud to welcome two new faculty members, dr. ian holloway and dr. gerardo flores.











learn more about ucla nursingreceive a monthly newsletter featuring stories about our impact, upcoming events, and more. sign up























x







instagram







youtube







linkedin




700 tiverton avenuelos angeles, ca 90095sonsaff@sonnet.ucla.edu





information


faculty directory


nursing at ucla health




useful links


current student website


son intranet


it support


son email




getting around


campus map


parking information


campus shuttles


public transit








  © 2025 regents of university of california



emergency


accessibility


ucla privacy policy


ucla health privacy notice


login




















