





six sigma for total quality management (tqm)








 




become the best in class
      using
         six sigma  plus. your total quality 
        management (tqm) efforts can be focused to outpace the rest.
        








welcome to adams six
        sigma.
          





   


 
 
six
                    sigma opportunity for your organization.
six
                    sigma deployment   book by adams, gupta, wilson--
                     save
                    20%.
 six sigma plus training.
six sigma
                    plus introductory module free.

 six sigma 
          jobs, discussion
          forums. 
       





home
        || services || about
        us || contact us ||e-mail
        

strategic
        planning & goal setting. || team
        building & employee motivation. 
         statistical process
        control (spc). || management
        training & consulting.





adams
        associates using  six sigma plus specializes in synergistic combination
        of strategic planning, leadership and total quality management (tqm) so
        clients achieve more goals more often.  six sigma plus is a planned use
        of strategy, total quality management (tqm) and leadership development.
        it is the plus in  six sigma plus that cause people to align for goal
        accomplishment. this is a major difference between  six sigma plus and a
        statistical approach or a teaching of total quality management (tqm)
        tools. the plus is often the catalyst that allows all other concepts to
        be a success.
issues are selected for special attention as six
                sigma plus
        projects. projects with significant importance are assigned to black
                belts as six sigma projects. thus each six
                sigma plus project is
        assigned a leader trained in six sigma and total quality management
                (tqm) tools. these  six
        sigma plus black belts' duties include teaching other members of the six
        sigma  plus project team appropriate total quality management (tqm)
        philosophy, interfacing with management, coaching,  leadership skills,
        teaching total quality management (tqm) tools and changing systems to
        sustain  six sigma plus projects improvements.
senior leadership is responsible for the strategic plan, and
        selecting potential  six sigma  plus project areas. once a
                six sigma plus
        project is understood using total quality management (tqm) tools, total
        quality management (tqm) techniques generate alternatives. improvements
        are then implemented.  six sigma plus projects maintain improvements
        using control tools of total quality management (tqm). this is the
                define, measure, analyze, improve and control sequence (dmaic)
                
                of six sigma.
six sigma training is
                recommended for the management
                and champions as well as for any six
                sigma black
                belt or green
                belt.











                     
                    
click
                    here six sigma project examples.

                     
                    click
                    here six sigma and tqm glossary of
                    terms, including what is six sigma.
 

enter your email address in the box below to receive
        our free informative 
        newsletter on tips, tools and updates relating to  six sigma plus.









               e-mail address:















 
              
six
                    sigma newsletter
                    archives.











site created by visionmasters.  
              resources.
copyright © 1999 adams six sigma. all rights reserved.
revised: february 21, 2006.
                                                       
              





