










home - san clemente chamber of commerce























































  



















skip to content















					login				








					email				







					 949.492.1131				













facebook





instagram

















join here





































menu 
about mission board & staff advocacy about the pac endorsement process recordshappenings calendar ongoing activities special events member news hot deals job postingsinitiatives young innovators network (yin) rising star student recognition program sponsorship opportunities workforce development futures program environmental educationmembership member directory benefits/join membership orientation tips to get connected member discounts sponsorships chairman’s circlevisit explore san clemente eat shop stay play live downtown tour beaches & trailsdirectory business search explore san clemente reserve your ad








 















building community connections







































 annual meeting & awards luncheon on friday, february 21st!
celebrate this past year's non-profit of the year, business of the year, citizen of the year, outstanding lifetime achievement and more!

  
get all the details here! 




















find a business 
 
browse

 








join our chamber 
 
join

 








member login 
 
login

 








membership with the san clemente chamber of commerce helps you build valuable community connections that deliver visibility, credibility and growth to your brand. 
 









download five easy ways to get connected in san clemente









































open the doors to a growing network of local leaders and a promising future for your business. 
“the chamber has been a boom to my business, which has grown immensely through the 13 years that i’ve been a member.”
rick divel, divel insurance
 

 







































be in-the-know in your community. 
 





















receive up-to-date information and resources





















get acquainted with other members and community leaders























accept invites to networking and marketing opportunities





















benefit from advocacy efforts that support you and your business

































































welcome 
new members


 
join today

 















save the date 
annual meeting & awards luncheon

friday, february 21, 2025
 
the chamber's annual meeting and awards luncheon is held at the beautiful bella collina san clemente where guests enjoy networking, a delicious three-course luncheon, exciting community awards and installation of the chamber of commerce's board of directors. chamber members are eligible to apply to be selected for: business of the year, non-profit of the year, citizen of the year, outstanding lifetime achievement, volunteer of the year and more!
 
 
learn more

 








mark your calendar 
upcoming events


 
view all events

 















must read 
explore san clemente
 
check out the san clemente chamber of commerce’s annual city guide and business directory. loaded with stories, photos and listings, this guide celebrates all that makes our community a special place for visitors and residents alike.
 
view guide

 























chamber sponsors



























                                oc supervisor koley                            














                                sc village                            













                                cr&r                            












                                rod's tree service                            













                                san diego gas & electric                            














                                outlets                            














                                arlon enmeier                            














                                ocean estate                            














                                wildflower                            














                                eos                            














                                scwd                            














                                leftcoast                            














                                memorial care                            














                                sunwest                            














                                hoag.                            






next
previous









 












© 2025 san clemente chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone


























resources









business card icon




member directory 










lock icon




member login 










news icon




receive our e-news "shorts" 










get in touch








address & map


1231 puerta del sol san clemente, ca 92673 








phone


949.492.1131 








email


info@scchamber.com 









facebook





instagram





linkedin



















 © 2025 san clemente chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone 








 



















