








johnsjottings, your web ally





























































skip to content








 










 
webmarketing
x
 















jonhs jottings
 



you web ally 






view our articles















 











welcome to our blog 



don't forget to check our articles ! 



we are a web agency who want to share our knowledge and world vision. in this blog, find all of our content created just for you to read it ! 






discover !



















why read this blog ? 







01 







concept						


						we always try to give you content with extraordinary and out of the box topics possible.					










02 







design						


						the design of our blog is thinked to give you the simplest but the comfiest reading experience.					










03 







frequency						


						we try to publish at least 1 articles per weeks in order to keep you entertained and not bored.					























our themes 






view our blog











 










                    coding                
learn how to code, to use the best software and what's cool about it ! 







 







 










                    web marketing                
web marketing is the process of using the internet to market your business. it includes the use of social media, search engines, blogging, videos, and email.




 











 










                    design                
we bring the best design out there just for you and also the best inspirations and trends






 







 










                    seo                
learn all the best way of the process to optimize your online content so that a search engine likes to show it as a top result.




 







 










                    news                
get the latest news, trends and fact in these sections just for you ! get up to date now !






 















our last articles 















référencement



				why should you use a vps wordpress server?			


the creation and management of a website requires the use of certain computer tools. among these, we must list the server. it is a virtual


			read more »		



			20 april 2023		






webmarketing



				why web marketing is good for your brand: a complete guide			


 web marketing is the new way to advertise yourself to an audience and do it with complete satisfaction and guaranteed results. if you think web


			read more »		



			22 april 2021		






webmarketing



				what significance does webdesign hold: a complete guide 			


running an online page or business can be challenging if you do not know what to do. learning some fundamentals of having an online presence


			read more »		



			22 april 2021		






référencement



				why you need seo-optimized content: the breakdown			


in today’s world, seo optimization is a fundamental writing guideline. and if you are still not part of it, you may want to reconsider. seo


			read more »		



			21 april 2021		






réseaux sociaux



				tips and advice: how to do online marketing			


if you wish to market your business online, you’ve come to the right place. we’ve compiled a list of how you can do online marketing


			read more »		



			21 april 2021		






développement



				the benefits of learning to code: the breakdown			


 technology is the new way to live in today’s world. no one is without it. some way or the other, technology has helped us and


			read more »		



			16 march 2021		
















get in touch 









 









 your name
 

 your email
 

 subject
 

 your message (optional)
 





 



















 








other pages 




home
contact
blog
 

 

home
contact
blog
 













































