




the frampton team - lafayette, in realtors®












the frampton team, realtors®
lafayette & west lafayette, in area


about
homes
testimonials
contact


  call or text: 765-426-6552



the frampton team, realtors®
lafayette & west lafayette, in area






about the frampton team
we are mike & luanne frampton, with indiana integrity realtors, and we want you to love where you live! our approach is to blend current technology while giving individual attention to each buyer and seller.
we have a total of 40+ years in the real estate market, working predominately with residential home buyers and sellers. let us put our experience to work for you.
in our free time, we enjoy cooking, gardening, and entertaining friends and family. we hope to see you at a chili cook off or an open house!







homes for sale




   view or search our listings on realtor.com
  



client testimonials

we were very happy with the work done by mike and luanne. particularly valuable was mike's market analysis in helping determine the value of the property. this is the first time, in multiple prior sales with other brokers, that this kind of analysis was offered. this excellent research allowed us to price and sell the property at a competitive price, but a price which, never-the-less, was $30,000 above what i would have, valued the property based on our purchase price 3 years previously. excellent communication. experienced guidance through the requirements for the buyer's fha loan.
mike and luanne were "with us all the way"! i would recommend them highly and without reservation.
david s., lafayette, in


mike and luanne frampton displayed exceptional patience with our efforts in getting our house ready to sell; they worked hard to utilize a team approach with us, respecting our needs every step of the way; luanne provided expert coaching on how to prepare the house for showing; both very very generous with their time; they knew the west lafayette market; well connected with reputable and quality service people for the needed repairs and secured appointments that worked with our tight schedule; accelerated the closing process to fit our move date; eminently professional in all aspects of the process; their kindness plus a regular sprinkling of mike's humor helped keep us going; their knowledge borne of years of real estate experience in the lafayette area made them essential for us and a true pleasure to work with; we would recommend them wholeheartedly, without reservation.
mike & sue


mike and luanne really nailed it with the suggested list price for our home. the final sale price was higher than we had hoped to receive and we couldn't of been happier with the end result. we appreciate all the time and effort your team put into making the sale of our first home a reality.
chris & laura, lafayette, in


at the beginning of trying to sell my home, i listed with an agent who was not able to pull in one showing in the entire 6 months my home was listed. when it was time to relist, i decided on the frampton team. within 6 days, i had my first showing, and an accepted offer! i would recommend this team to anyone who needs to get the job done and sell quickly.
mike h.



mike & luanne are amazing. they are simply the best. they go above and beyond to make sure your house sells. i cannot thank them enough or give them enough stars for all that they did for me during the sale of my house. they stayed in contact with the buyer's agent daily, due to unforeseen circumstances on the buyer's end, to make sure the sale of my house was not pushed back further and further. my house finally closed due to them and their persistence and professionalism. these two are the best ever, they will care for you and treat you with respect. i consider them family now after all that we had to go through to sell my home and for the support they gave to me.
judeanne


i thank you again for all you did to help us through the process and because of people like you and your commitment to serving your customers, you made what could have been a horrendous experience so much more bearable.
carol


when we decided to look for a different home for our family, we knew right away who to go with. the frampton team! we told them the kind of home we were looking for and in which school district we wanted. boy, did they deliver. we were not only in our price range and square footage, but we live right across the street from the school! it was such a fantastic experience, we would recommend their team to anyone. you not only get what you want out of a home, but you also get the piece of mind you deserve, with the experience they have!
patrick & holley


mike and luanne made themselves available to answer our questions and gave prompt feedback after showings. very helpful throughout the entire process from listing to closing.
brad & sandy


i have bought and sold several homes over the last few years and couldn't ask for better realtors than "the frampton team." they went out of their way to make the process move smoothly when buying and did loads of advertising and open house events to sell my home quickly. i will definitely go to them when i'm ready to make another move.
ginny p.



read more
read less



contact us







       name
       





       email
       





       phone
       





       message
       




submit






 (765) 426-6552
 @framptonteam
 the frampton team
 2011 kossuth streetlafayette, in 47905







we support the fair housing act.





