walmark adhesives homewalmark@walmark.com800-682-0479

adhesives & equipmentadhesives and equipmentbookbindingbottle labelingcard affixingcase and cartonpaper convertingtape and labelpur adhesivesparts & equipmentgluedotsradtakdiamondback industrialwoodworking adhesiveswoodworking adhesivescontact adhesivesedgebanding adhesivesmattress adhesivesfabtakadhesive supportproduct recommendationtroubleshootingfreezin seasoncontactcontactcareers





service is our ​primary product.
learn more

walmark corporation expanding adhesive services with acquisition of diamondback industrial supply
we are pleased to announce that walmark corporation made a pivotal investment in diamondback industrial supply, a leading full-service industrial adhesive distributor providing best-in-class products and services across multiple industries. on december 27th, our like-minded cultures will merge to bring you the best service and adhesive solutions. this strategic move is part of walmark's broader initiative to enhance its impact within the adhesive ecosystem, spanning the united states and mexico.
learn more




view essential tips
industrial adhesiveswalmark caters to all kinds of industries with our industrial adhesives. by focusing on the newest technologies and constant testing of product, we can confidently supply adhesives for case and carton sealing, book binding, paper converting, bottle labeling, card affixing, and many other industries.
woodworking adhesiveswalmark created an entire division dedicated to woodworking. contact cement, assembly adhesives, and press adhesives are just a few of the applications that we cover. walmark also has a full line of pur and hot melts for edgebanding from jowat and dorus.
adhesive supportwalmark's technical staff is waiting to hear from you. ​let us do in house testing before you interrupt production. ​having issues or just want to improve your process? ​we are here to help and love a challenge!
committed to customers
walmark corporation is a customer service driven company devoted to helping our customers succeed. our technical staff is able to transition any production obstacle and provide innovative product solutions. walmark will deliver the quality products and service you will want to stick with! let us help with all your adhesive, packaging and design product needs.                               walmark strives to be on the forefront of technology in both products and service. we are continuously adding products to our line to make sure your company has the best technology available. we are always applying new and inventive ways to provide service to your organization. ask us how we can modernize your process.

featured markets































your bookbinding adhesive distribution partner


enhance production and streamline processes with our bookbinding adhesives to improve product quality, increase efficiency, and reduce costs with walmark.
learn more about our bookbinding adhesives

only selling quality brands



sign up for our newsletter
keep up to date with the latest product updates, maintenance reminders and discounts.
join our newsletter 
  thank you for signing up
oops! please re-enter your email.

1,true,6,lead email,2



walmark corporation
walmark of florida
800-682-0479
walmark (at) walmark.com
over 40 years in business
walmark corporation began in 1977 as one of the first adhesive distribution companies in the nation. we are a leading supplier of industrial and woodworking adhesives with a focus on building relationships with our variety of customers. now, in its third generation of family leadership, walmark continues to provide the best supplier experience to its customers. our integrity and focus on industry-leading service while providing long-term solutions is the formula for our success. we look forward to forming client partnerships and growing together!
message your tech rep
need a recommendation
technical data request
newsletter sign up
message your tech rep
need a recommendation
technical data request 
800-682-0479
© 2025 walmark corporation

