






  






use quality america's spc software & lean six sigma training for operational excellence














































quality america inc.



contact info


email saleslog in


site search





search















menu

show navigation
hide navigation

spc software

spc-pc iv explorer
qa-calibrate
spc iv excel
green belt xl
my software


training & certification

certification courses
short courses & study guides
instructor materials
process excellence books
knowledge center
my courses


company

about us
catalog
satisfaction guarantee
development process
privacy policy
contact us






you are here:


						
						home							









the art and science to improve your bottom line
since 1982, quality america's integrated software & skills development for statistical process control, lean six sigma and operational excellence have helped a wide cross-section of industry sectors achieve:
–  organizational buy-in, accountability, and ownership;–  reduced cost of operations and compliance;–  improved operational efficiency and effectiveness;–  bottom-line performance.spc software
since 1982, quality america has been a leading spc software solution provider for the quality professional. thousands of clients worldwide have improved their processes with our products. from the first spc software package with non-normal data analysis in 1985, to the first ms windows-based software in 1993, quality america continues to provide value-priced spc software that is continually improved to meet our customers on-going objectives. see my spc software.
more//training & skills development
choose from our free online learning center to our widely-acclaimed books, online training and on-site blended training. our spc training has been integral to our success since 1992, and now features our recently released statistical process control demystified text (mcgraw-hill 2011) and its accompanying online training written by author and company president paul keller.
since 2000, our complete selection of lean six sigma training materials written by experts have been used extensively for self-study and by qualified instructors world-wide to deliver top-quality courses to thousands of professionals. see my lean six sigma and spc courses
more//







since 1982: the art & science to improve your bottom linequality america offers statistical process control software, as well as training materials for lean six sigma, quality management and spc. we embrace a customer-driven approach, and lead in many software innovations, continually seeking ways to provide our customers with the best and most affordable solutions. leaders in their field, quality america has provided software and training products and services to tens of thousands of companies worldwide.
more// 

menu
spc softwarespc-pc iv explorerqa-calibratespc iv excelgreen belt xltraining & certificationcertification coursesinstructor materialsshort courses & study guidesprocess excellence booksknowledge centermy coursescompanyabout ussatisfaction guaranteedevelopment processprivacy policyterms & conditionscontacts



sales@qualityamerica.comlinked-in page 
									copyright © 2025 quality america inc.								



 














