










camp new york | discover camping and glamping in new york


























































  


























please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility





skip to content










request a guide















 
about about us board of directors & staff cony hall of fame & cony fellows job postings news events cony members support camp good daysbloghot dealsmember center affiliate members member enrollment marketing opportunities programs covid-19 resourcesjoin today membership benefits member enrollmentmember login









find a campground










 















 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


























					rv sites				

















					tent sites				

















					rentals				

















					glamping				













to camp new york is to break down barriers, embrace the freedom of the great outdoors, and unleash the limitless possibilities. discover the diverse and awe-inspiring vacation destinations in new york state. with magnificent mountain peaks in the adirondacks and catskills, breathtaking shorelines along the great lakes and atlantic ocean, vibrant streets of new york city, peaceful finger lakes trail, and welcoming communities, there is something for everyone. choose from a wide range of options with hundreds of cony parks offering thousands of tent sites, rv sites, rental units, and glamping accommodations. whether you prefer a few nights of adventure or a seasonal camping experience, we welcome you to camp new york!








find a campground




























                                view digital guide                            














                                1000 islands-seaway                            














                                capital-saratoga                            














                                central new york                            














                                chautauqua-allegheny                            














                                finger lakes                            














                                greater niagara                            














                                hudson valley                            














                                long island                            














                                the adirondacks                            














                                the catskills                            














                                find a site                            




























feature blog posts
























































view more


















mark your calendar










 
cony zone meetingscony's spring zone meetings & mini trade shows for campground operators and industry vendors. held annually in march.
cony zone meetings info page 














 
cony expo & trade showjoin us at the outdoor hospitality industry & trade show this fall! enjoy engaging seminars, networking, and fun. registration details coming soon.
learn more 












upcoming events






















view event calendar

































 







 












© 2025 camp new york
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!










585-586-4360 










100 saratoga village blvd, malta, ny 12020 










info@campnewyork.com  









facebook





instagram





youtube










pinterest











additional resources






faq
privacy policy
terms of use
request a free guide









campground owners of new york is dedicated to the promotion, growth, improvement, and development of independently owned campgrounds in new york state.















































 © 

 camp new york.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top
















