





westminster teak | teak furniture for outdoor and patio










































skip to content
skip to search













                        close
                    

















cart
 dealers


contact us

 1-888-592-8325
 1-888-592-8325







search form





















all products


collections


dining sets


lounge furniture


bar furniture


tables


chairs


benches


sale









dining

dining sets 
bar furniture 
tables 
chairs 


recreation

bath & spa 
benches 
rocking chairs 
swing benches 
sofas & couches 
fire pit 


lounge furniture

adirondack chair 
chaise loungers 
daybeds 
lounge chairs 




benches

3ft benches 
4ft benches 
5ft benches 
6ft benches 
backless benches 
teak shower benches 


accessories

throw pillows 
cushions 
furniture covers 
lazy susans 
trays 
bird houses 


care & maintenance

furniture care 
teak finishes 
stainless steel care 
fabric care 




other

daily specials 
clearance 
gift ideas 
flooring tiles 
home office 
ottomans 
planters 
privacy screen 
storage 
hampers 
trash receptacles 
umbrellas 
teak end grain cutting boards 






aman dais
teak modern lounge
barbuda
teak classic dining
buckingham
teak classic dining
horizon
teak modern dining & lounge
kafelonia
teak luxury furniture


laguna
teak classic lounge & dining
maya
teak modern lounge
odyssey
folding teak & stainless steel
pacifica
teak spa accessories
palazzo
teak trash receptacles


pyramid
teak modern dining
saloma
teak daybed
somerset
teak bar furniture
surf
teak modern dining
veranda
classic teak dining


apollo
aluminum and textilene
valencia
aluminum and synthetic wicker
vogue
stainless steel and teak
aria
contemporary rocking chair







aman dais

                                designed with timeless elegance, the aman dais 
                                teak daybed collection exudes both style and 
                                sophistication of quality made teak sectionals. 
                                its sweeping, elegant lines and architecturally 
                                low profile frame will gracefully integrate into 
                                several arrangements of different teak daybeds
                                

the barbuda collection is known for its luxurious and traditional style and even more widely known for it's lifetime durability. westminster teak exceeds expectations by ensuring that each piece of teak furniture is precision engineered from the finest grade of eco-friendly teak wood to ensure it lasts a lifetime. lifetime warranty.
                                

the buckingham collection displays an amazing teak bench dining design concept. the buckingham collection is manufactured to a standard that is suitable for commercial or residential applications.
                                

the understated clean lines and purity in design hints at modern danish. every piece in the entire collection is a beautifully scaled and well proportioned. an extraordinary example when traditional craftsmanship is applied to modern design.
                                

defined by its welcoming shapes and elegant slats, the kafelonia collection is generously proportioned to allow for unrestricted movement in the chair while offering lasting comfort. including a lounge chair, side table with detachable serving tray, and ottomans/coffee tables (24" and 36"), this deep seating collection embodies contemporary luxury.
                                

inspired by the lifestyle of casual luxury, the laguna line brings you a durable solid teak lounge furniture collection that evokes the carefree style of a bygone era that blends well with both traditional and modern styles. suitable for indoor, outdoor, residential, commercial and marine use.
                                

the maya collection is a modular deep seating sectional system for both outdoor and indoor environments. the pieces can configured in multiple variations, allowing for endless possibilities of composition and dimension.
                                

uniting marine grade 316l stainless steel and grade a teak with a bold nautical lean, the odyssey collection finds its home on yachts, boats, and seaside homes. featuring a director's chair, folding table, and an ottoman with a removable tray, this collection folds completely for convenient storage.
                                

making the most of teak's highly weather resistant qualities, the pacifica collection is designed for use in spas, bathtubs, and showers. including shelves, mats, benches, and trays, the pacifica collection meets the simplest of needs for comfort and convenience in luxury settings.
                                

the palazzo collection of teak trash and laundry receptacles bring unsurpassed detail to the otherwise mundane. built to commercial specifications, each piece is crafted with premium-grade a plantation teak using traditional mortise and tenon joinery. every piece will fit into any space, from porte-cocheres and entryways, to lobbies and lanais. apart from the beauty and warmth its exudes, solid teak also allows for outdoors use, season after season. choose from three distinct styles. each trash receptacle comes with powder coated aluminum open lid. top cover lids available upon request.
                                

with the geometric beauty of the square and rectangular pyramid tables, you can create any size dining set for any occasion; whether on the patio for weekend get-togethers, or at a restaurant for larger parties.
                                

inspired by the mid-century style, the saloma daybed lives up to it?s iconic form and understated glamor. designed primarily for indoor use, saloma daybed is complemented by a side table.
                                

the somerset collection is a teak outdoor patio furniture collection perfect for entertaining or relaxing in the sun. made from 100% grade a plantation grown teak wood, you can rest assured that our somerset teak patio furniture collection is environmentally friendly.
                                

drawing inspiration from scandinavian architecture, the surf collection has clean yet arbitrary lines. including a folding chair, dining table, coffee table, and side table, this collection is immediately appealing in any setting.
                                

the veranda collection has been one of our best selling teak furniture collections for many years. traditional looks combined with contemporary design make the veranda collection a favorite. suitable for indoor, outdoor, residential, commercial and marine applications.
                                

the simple sophistication of its graceful lines and sleek contours sets the tone of the apollo armchair made with sling textilene fabric over powder coated aluminum. a chair that some have called "sexy", hints at both modern and traditional sensibilities, will fit beautifully both indoors and out.
                                

woven with weatherproof synthetic wicker over powder coated aluminum, the valencia collection sets itself apart with flowing lines and sensuous shape, making it furniture that is beautiful both indoors and out. designed to fit the contours of the body, it is lightweight yet sturdy enough to withstand the rigors of everyday use and the extremities of outdoor weather including temperature fluctuations , uv exposure from sunlight, mold, and mildew. the fibers used in our synthetic wicker have been specifically engineered to replicate not only the look and feel of natural rattan and wicker but its robust characteristics makes for easy care. built to commercial specifications.
                                

the bold clean lines of the vogue collection are beautiful expressions of contemporary style. the interplay of mix materials of solid teak and stainless steel makes the vogue collection an easy choice for dining in casual luxury.
                                

 with sensuous curves and sweeping fluid lines, the aria rocker is ergonomically designed with a contoured backrest and seat to maximize hours of comfortable seating.
                                








by size

3 piece sets 
5 piece sets 
7-9 piece sets 
9-15 piece sets 


by type 

bar sets 
bench & picnic sets 
bistro sets 
folding sets 


by chair type 

side chairs 
armchairs 
stacking 
folding 
lumbar 


by table size & shape 



5pc sets (round) 
7-9pc sets (round) 
5pc sets (rectangular) 
7-9pc sets (rectangular) 
9-15pc sets (rectangular) 


5pc sets (oval) 
7-9pc sets (oval) 
9-15 pc sets (oval) 








maya




laguna




aman dais




kafelonia








 



teak bar stools 



teak bar tables 



teak bar sets 










 



by type

bar tables
bistro tables
coffee & end tables
extension tables
dining tables
folding tables
umbrella ready tables
table tops


by size

small tables
medium tables
large tables
high tables


by shape

rectangular tables
square tables
round tables
oval tables









 



dining

bar stools
dining chairs
side chairs
lumbar chairs
teak stools


recreation

adirondack chair
lounge chairs
rocking chairs
steamer chair


compact

folding chairs
stacking chairs
director chairs









 



by size

3ft benches
4ft benches
5ft benches
6ft benches


by type

porch swings
backless benches
teak shower benches
teak chair & bench sets


by shape

lumbar benches
tree bench
curved benches









 



specials
clearance
gift ideas
e-gift certificate















 menu
 search
 cart
 contact
 reviews
 about us
















the westminster difference
trustpilot reviews







(1970)
faq


                      trade & affiliate program
                      
trade | hospitality | contract
affiliate program




catalog request
lifetime warranty
press
teak care
fabric colors
finishes





  



 



did you miss our sale that ended yesterday?

contact us to receive yesterday's sale discount...
today only




did you miss our sale that ended yesterday?

contact us to receive yesterday's sale discount...
today only





missed yesterday's sale?

email for yesterday's sale price...
today only!


main content

































































our collections































































westminster teak - premium grade a teak furniture

        whether you are thinking of a contemporary teak lounger to bask under the sun or a teak furniture set for eight on your terrace, westminster's line of teak furniture will bring a sense renewal and inspiration to your space. as the line between the outdoor and inside spaces become increasingly unclear, you will find our thoughtfully designed and expertly crafted teak furniture a welcome change that exudes a sense of timeless elegance and refined luxury living ... outdoor, or anywhere in the house.
        

all our teak outdoor furniture is crafted from the finest selection of legally sourced, certified teak wood. whether it is a solid teak dining table for 10, a 100% all teak bar, or teak floor tiles for the patio, each piece is meticulously built to high tolerances and with traditional mortise-and-tenon joinery, then hand sanded to a velvety, shiny-sheen smooth finish. whether you choose a traditional all solid teak style or those of the more contemporary lines which combines stainless steel with teak, you can be assured of having chosen the best in quality and craftsmanship which you will enjoy season after season, and for decades to come. 
        
westminster's eco-friendly teak

as one of the leading manufacturers and online distributors of teak furniture in north america, westminster recognizes the influence it plays on the industry and has taken every step to ensure that our products are manufactured in an environmentally responsible manner. we have made our company's policy to source our teak wood only from government managed, credibly certified forests.
        

teak does not grow naturally in the rainforest in any sufficient numbers to warrant commercial logging in the way pine does. historically, the dutch started teak plantations in indonesia, perhaps, some 200 years ago after which, the government of indonesia has since taken over and developed it to what it is today; probably the world's largest teak plantations, managing nearly 5 million acres of sustainable forests. through careful and responsible forest management, trees are constantly being planted at a rate that far exceeds those being felled. 
        

because teak is, by far, a slow growing crop, the perum perhutani managed system incorporates agro-forestry for the locals to farm other crops between the alleys or rows of planted teak trees, throughout the life cycle of the trees. this process provides the local people with additional income along with the benefits the teak industry has brought to their local economy.
        




ecatalog




cutalog




















 



trustpilot




 




westminster teak

the westminster difference
lifetime warranty!
request catalog
testimonials
frequently asked questions




contact us
 ask a question online
 1-888-592-8325
 live chat




shipping & returns

international shipping
return policy



             



locations - california


                        warehouse
1932 s. lynx placeontario, ca 91761






locations - california


                        showroom
stonemill design center2915 red hill ave, b107costa mesa, ca 92626




schedule appointment






locations - florida

 warehouse
839 pinewood dr. sw  live oak, suwannee county  fl 32064



schedule appointment





  trustpilot  






























learn more

the fine print



*for a limited time only, we are taking reservation deposits so you can save now and receive your furniture later, with a 50% non-refundable deposit.  to take advantage of this offer, simply note your desired ship date in the shipping comments when placing your order and we will only charge your deposit when you order. please note that the full amount will only be pre-authorized, but we will only charge the deposit.  contact us for details!

¹promo codes are non-transferable and cannot be combined with other promotions or discounts, nor applied to past purchases or future deliveries. promo codes are discounts off the msrp of the product. promo codes are not applicable to shipping costs, special delivery options, or treatment finishes.  furniture care products, clearance items, refurbished, blemished, or closeout items have hard wired discounts into each clearance item and the discounts are significantly higher than the promo code offered, therefore promo codes are not applicable.  other exclusions apply, contact us for details if you have any questions!


³"order by" holiday deadlines are estimates for delivery on or before the last business day before a holiday and exclude out of stock items, items ordered with treatment finishes, mto cushions, covers, fabrics or any orders including upgraded, optional shipping services such as white glove delivery and inside delivery. inclement weather may delay arrival.

⁴ship all you want for $750, max! $750 max shipping applies only to residential/retail orders with standard delivery within the continental usa on a single order to a residential address.

*note: our inventory is shown in real-time.  if an item is in stock it will state "in stock: ships within 1-3 business days" when viewing product details.  if an item is currently out of stock then the restock date will be shown when you click on a product and view the product's details, for example: "ships on or about 07/01/25".  if there is no restock date shown in the product details then the status will show "ships in 4 to 6 months" at which that is the best estimate when that product will arrive to you after you place your order.  please contact us for any questions, whatsoever.
·please note that our furniture will often sell out as winter ends, often with extended lead times.  if you would like to enjoy your new furniture the entire season then it is highly recommended to place your order now to reserve currently out of stock and arriving items.  these items will often sell out before arriving to our warehouses and can take 4 to 8 months to restock.

·our showrooms are open, however appointments are recommended. please call 888-592-8325 or click here to schedule an appointment.

·shipping is calculated within continental usa. additional shipping charges, duties & applicable taxes may apply when shipping outside the continental usa.
·additional charges may apply for white glove delivery services for locations that are not within close proximity to delivery terminals. white glove delivery does not apply to special made to order items such as cushions, umbrella fabrics or furniture covers.
·please allow extra time for white glove delivery and small truck orders (excluding small ups shipments). orders that have to be delivered via small truck may be slightly delayed leaving our warehouse as we locate a small truck shipper for your area.
·free return shipping does not apply to orders shipped outside of the continental usa.
·westminster teak reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason, including but not limited to disruptive behavior, safety concerns, or violation of company policies.  this policy is in place to ensure a safe and enjoyable experience for all our customers.
·sitewide sale may not include spectra umbrellas, care & maintenance products, mto furniture/umbrella covers and finishes.
²prices can change suddenly and without notice due to unforeseen inventory and supply shortages and/or unexpected large commercial, hospitality, or contract furniture orders.
·additional exclusions may apply
photo submission notice
by submitting your photos to us, you agree to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, and irrevocable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, distribute, and display your photos on our website, social media, and marketing ads. you also represent and warrant that you have the right and authority to submit your photos to us, and that your photos do not infringe any third-party rights or violate any laws. 





















terms & conditions | privacy policy | accessibility statement | © copyright 1997-2025 westminster teak, inc.

            
visit our westminster teak uk site   
            

























































































white glove delivery



                white glove services include unpackaging, assembly and placement of 
                furniture as well as removal and disposal of all packaging material. 
                it does not include any custom work that may need to be done to assure a 
                fit to the desired location. 
            


                in stock cushions and umbrella fabrics will be included with white glove 
                services. made to order cushions and umbrella fabrics are shipped separately 
                via ups and are not applicable to white glove services.
            


please allow 3-6 weeks for white glove services.
non-white glove, standard delivery is 2-7 days.
preferred shipping option selected at checkout.







receive additional 5% off


                westminster teak salutes and honors veterans, military and first responders by offering a 5% additional discount to all 
                personnel and their spouses. please confirm and enter the following information into the comments section during checkout:
                
military:

 branch of service
 rank
 honorable discharge

use promo code veteran5


                the term "veteran" means a person who served in the active military, naval or air service and who was discharged or released therefrom under conditions other than dishonorable.
                

first responders:

 organization
 position

use promo code thankyou5


                the term "first responder" is a person with specialized training who is among the first to arrive and provide assistance at the scene of an emergency, such as an accident, natural disaster, or terrorism. first responders typically include law enforcement officers, paramedics, emt's and firefighters.  
                







in stock: ships in 1-2 business days



                shipping within 1-2 business days applies only for standard delivery within the continental usa. does not include made to order cushions or furniture purchased with a finish. it also does not include any other special deliveries including white glove. shipments are on business days only. no shipments on usa holidays or weekends.
            






renees



                renee’s in mattituck is the premier fashion and furnishings retailer on the east end of long island. as a third-generation family business offering men’s, women’s, and children’s clothing, and home furnishings and accessories, renee’s is in touch with new looks and changing trends. impeccable customer service elevates your north fork shopping experience.
            


 renee's
            10095 main roadmattituck, ny 11952
reneesmattituck.com















national marine suppliers



                national marine suppliers is a worldwide yacht support group providing their customers with exceptional service and industry-leading reliability.
            


 national marine suppliers2800 south west 2nd avenue
            fort lauderdale, fl 33315
https://nationalmarine.com/















twisted elements



                international market square is the largest home and commercial interior design marketplace in the upper midwest. open to both the home/commercial design community and the public, visitors are invited to explore our more than sixty showrooms, studios, shops, galleries, restaurants and other distinct amenities.
            


 twisted elementsinternational market square275 market st
            minneapolis, mn 554051-612-305-0456
http://twisted-elements.com/















westminster teak california, inc.


 stonemill design center2915 red hill ave, b107costa mesa, ca 92626

            1-888-592-8325 ext 311 - sales 















   



            we use cookies to personalize your shopping experience. view our privacy policy to learn more about how we use cookies and how you can manage them.

x




