
































    
    campus landing apartments | welcome to campus landing
  
  















               


 (253) 874-6305     

 







       home



  availability



  floor plans



  site map



  photos



  residents


   online portal



  resources



  maintenance emergencies





  about us



  contact us






     
 
pay rent








    
 





       
welcome home! make campus landing apartments your choice for easy apartment living in federal way, wa
 



   contact us contact our team today. we look forward to providing you with excellent customer service.   

click here


  available properties
 view our available rental properties and submit an application quickly and easily.   

click here


 pay rent did you know that you can pay your rent online? it’s fast, easy, and secure, so why wait?   

learn more




    excellent rental homes at campus landing apartments in federal way, wa if you are looking for a quality apartment home to rent in federal way, washington, make your destination the campus landing apartments. choose from three spacious 1 and 2 bedroom
floor plans designed with comfort and convenience in mind. each home is fully equipped with appliances, in-home washer and dryer and fireplace. enjoy many wonderful
amenitiesincluding a heated outdoor pool and indoor spa and steam sauna.surrounded by beautiful, park-like grounds, campus landing’s central location provides convenient access to shopping, dining, schools, services and area attractions, as well as quick access to the freeway and commuter routes.our customers are our number one priority here at the campus landing apartments. our mission is to provide everyone with caring customer service and responsive maintenance. consider making campus landing apartments your home. we look forward to seeing you!


      



pay rent 
     



















maintenance
    



login
     





contact us


   "10/10. i would recommend my grandmother to live here." neyra g."everyone was fantastic and a great help. that property is amazing and we will miss the property." steven p."i would not hesitate to recommend campus landing apartments." john d.







       campus landing
      



 32420 1st ln sw, federal way, wa 98023, united states


     



 (253) 874-6305


       







 (253) 874-5321


     



 campuslanding@owmgt.com


     



  9am-5pm monday-friday



  our other great locations
 bakersfield, caredding, cacoos bay – north bend, ormolalla, orcottage grove, or
  associations & affiliations
 equal housing opportunity rental housing association of washingtonnational apartment association


   sitemap |
accessibility statement |
privacy policy © 2022 all rights reserved. campus landing
 




















































































































  
  share by:











