







home page - dana foundation










































  skip to content












                          advancing neuroscience that benefits society and reflects the aspirations of all people.
                      


learn more






          your browser does not support the video tag.
        








          new and notable
        































































february 11, 2025
                    


broadening legal perspectives in neuroscience


                      read the article
                    





january 15, 2025
                    


celebrating trainee achievements and announcing new grants


                      read the article
                    





january 15, 2025
                    


dana foundation appoints elizabeth hewitt to board of directors


                      read the article
                    





january 14, 2025
                    


taking a new approach to stem education


                      read the article
                    


















the dana foundation explores the connections between neuroscience and society’s challenges and opportunities, working to maximize the potential of the field to do good.
as of 2022, neuroscience & society became our dedicated focus. it embodies our spirit of open inquiry, collaborative research, and multidisciplinary thinking in service of the well-being of all people.


read our mission

explore our work



































"i hope to see the day when science is indisputably woven into the fabric of our collective decision-making, and conversely, when the values and priorities of our communities are woven into the way we do science."
claire weichselbaum
2021-23 dana foundation barbara gill civic science fellow


learn about our grants















"support from the foundation allowed us to co-create the dana foundation career network in neuroscience & society … the first of its kind. through career fairs, campus events, a website, and regular newsletters, the foundation’s investment is facilitating career development for the next generation of leaders in rapidly emerging neuroscience and society fields such as neuroethics, neurolaw, neuroarchitecture, and neuromarketing."
francis shen, j.d., ph.d.
harvard university


learn about our grants















"for decades, the dana foundation has been at the vanguard of efforts to communicate neuroscience discoveries to the public. dana initiated brain awareness week and has supported sfn and many other organizations’ efforts in education, neuroethics, and public communications.  "
marty saggese
executive director, society for neuroscience (sfn)


learn about our grants















"the dana foundation has been a supportive collaborator whose funding has helped us to bring culturally relevant, stimulating, and high-quality science engagement to underserved communities for over a decade, reaching over 2,500 students."
latasha wright, ph.d.
chief scientific officer, biobus


learn about our grants























resources
use these resources to learn more about neuroscience and society and to engage with others around topics important to the field. search by format, audience, and intended use.


explore resources















                        impact story
                      
broadening legal perspectives in neuroscience


read the story


view all impact stories






























































































































































































































































































stay informed! sign up for monthly updates on news, grants, and events.
        



email(required)

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 




















 




























































                                    neuroscience and society
                                



                                    our work
                                



                                    resources
                                



                                    news & insights
                                



                                    about us
                                



















































                                    careers
                                



                                    financials
                                



                                    terms & conditions
                                



                                    privacy policy
                                


                                                                                    created by
                                                                                                                
                                    constructive
                                


                        © 2025 dana foundation.
                    














