









claremont rug company - antique oriental art carpets - persian rugs




















































































































 









call 800-441-1332   |   international +1-510-654-0816   |   login / wish list 


0shopping cartclaremont rug companyantique oriental art carpetshome
our collection
shopping info
education
press
client homes
videos
contact us





menu


menu

 






you are here: home
the only oriental rug company ever honored as robb report’s “best of the best.”
“one of the world’s best sources of antique carpets.”— financial times
“an extensive collection of elite-level antique persian & tribal rugs that
simply are not available anywhere else.” — ceo today (uk)


follow a manual added link
view our assemblage of antique rugsperuse this sampling of over 1,000 19th & early 20th century antique persian carpets & caucasian tribal rugs from our vast world-class collection.
follow a manual added link
marvel at 65 “best of their type” rugs sold in 2024see this special gallery honoring the inimitable art carpets our clients purchased from our high collectible treasury last year. viewing runs through sunday, march 16.
follow a manual added link
read our president’s 2024 year-end reviewclaremont rug company founder & president, jan david winitz, shares his 2024 year-end report & prognosis for 2025.
follow a manual added link
watershed moment for antique rugsread this in-depth coverage of the burgeoning interest for rare antique rugs and their accelerating scarcity featuring claremont president jan david winitz.
follow a manual added link
jan david winitz, president and founderread numerous articles by claremont’s founder and president on a wide variety of topics, connoisseurship & antique persian rugs as an art investment.
link to: press
major press about claremontread june 2024 article featuring president jan david winitz in robb report & other recent coverage in wall street journal, apollo magazine (uk), the “curious objects” podcast & more in 40+ international publications.
link to: clients’ homes
view over 250 clients’ rooms furnished with our carpetsfind inspiration in the staggering variety of ways clients display our antique persian rugs & oriental carpets in their homes.


view over 250 clients’ rooms furnished with our carpetsfind inspiration in the staggering variety of ways clients display our antique persian rugs & oriental carpets in their homes.
link to: free shipping on approval
free approval shipping on antique rugswe will absorb the two-way shipping charges for you to experience various rugs of interest in your home. *maximum three rugs per space, within the usa only.
link to: education
explore our many educational articleslearn how to assess quality, the many types of antique persian carpets & tribal rugs, decorating with them, the joys of collecting & much more.
link to: the oriental rug market viewed as a pyramid
oriental rug market viewed as a pyramidpresident jan david winitz outlines 6 levels of antique persian rugs based on artistry, craftsmanship, provenance, age & originality.
link to: concierge services – before purchase
experience our concierge servicesour complete service package, from the introduction to the field of antique persian & oriental rugs to ongoing service needs, is unparalleled.
follow a manual added link
explore antique rugs as art investmentsread numerous articles about the interplay between collecting and investing in 19th century persian rugs & the rise of fine antique rugs as a viable tangible asset class.
follow a manual added link
client accoladeswe take pride in clients’ first-hand testimonials detailing their satisfaction with our diverse antique rug collection & first-cabin service.
link to: curious objects podcast: learning to love antique rugs, with jan david winitz, part 1

listen to “curious objects” podcast featuring jan david winitzin part 1 of this 2-part series, ben miller interviews claremont rug company’s jan david winitz about his journey as a collector and his over-200 year old bakshaish dragon and phoenix rug.


  







shopping with us

in-home shopping
request photos & rugs on approval
international sales
concierge services
our gracious northern california galleries
directions to our gallery complex




our niche

oriental rug market pyramid
view our clients’ rooms
jan david winitz, president
long term exchange policy
persian rugs
caucasian rugs





visit us

claremont rug company
6087 claremont avenue
oakland, ca 94618 u.s.a.
info@claremontrug.com
1-800-441-1332
international +1-510-654-0816
mon-fri 10:00am – 5:30pm pacific time
saturdays by private appointment









© 2025 claremont rug company 6087 claremont ave. oakland, ca 94618 u.s.a.         privacy
















© 2025 claremont rug company 6087 claremont ave. oakland, ca 94618 u.s.a.         privacy












scroll to top



adt contract cancellation fee 




















