


	cy-fair youth sports association


























search


×





search













menu

homeoperations committeeboard of directorsby-lawssafety incident formsponsorshipsadvertisingnews & eventsit supportregistrationrefundsseason timelinefaq'sregister onlineregister in personcoach registrationformssportsbaseballbaseball divisionsmetro (a)baseball field statusbaseball calendarcamps & clinicsfieldsbear creekwest little yorkschiel baseballrulesbasketballcourt statusbasketball registrationuniformshere is how your registercheerleadingcommitteecalendarfaq'scheer off2024 cheer coachescoaches corneruniformssponsorshipcfsa all-starsfootballschedulefield statuscommitteerulescoachesfaq's7-on-7golf tournamentsponsorshipfootball waitlistcoaches cornersoccercfsa jhsl registration infosoccer committeesoccer summer campsalbion hurricanes fc competitive soccervolleyballpractice schedulecommitteerulesfaq'shall of fameteam formationteam listdivision calculatorstandingssponsorshipdocumentsvolleyball schedulesall-starsschedulescalendarbaseballbasketballfootballlacrossevolleyballtoday's eventscurrent eventsschiel rd. sports complexfield statusofficialsonline store










tuesday, february 18, 2025

cy-fair youth sports association

















































































































make a difference! donate to cfsa




 





 
 


















































































sports




baseball
basketball
cheerleading
football
volleyball
soccer






sponsorship contact



contact office:  281 256 3400
email: ekainer@cy-fairsports.org
sponsor letter








 




looking forward to a great year!
if you require assistance please email office@cy-fairsports.org 





cfsa volunteer





volunteers are the driving force of cfsa!

we're just like you. we're teachers, business executives, parents, retirees, students...you name it. but the one thing we all have in common is our dedication to change. and the more volunteers we have, the bigger impact we can all make. together!!! 
earlier this year a proposal by the former executive board was submitted to the general membership for approval.  the proposal was a plan that would position cfsa to continue to grow and provide additional support within our own organization for our customers, children, facilities, and our community.  over a two month period, the proposal was voted on and approved unanimously.  the former executive board has been restructured and is now known as the operations committee; the ops committee will oversee the day-to-day operations of cfsa.  in addition, a board of directors was created and will have one representative from each sport on the board that is not that sports respective sports commissioner.  the general membership was eliminated and voting rights will now be obtained by attendance at each sports monthly committee meeting.
with the continued development of our schiel road sports complex, the addition of a soccer program, the growth of our lacrosse program, along with coaches clinics and certification programs for our coaches; cfsa is positioned to continue as one of the premier youth sporting organizations in the state of texas.  come learn how you can be part of the organization and continue the legacy of cy-fair sports association.
as cfsa works to expand our presence within our community, the need for additional volunteers is even greater. in addition to coaching there are other opportunities where you can help define cfsa's presence moving forward.
 


 
 














sponsors








cy-fair sponsors










today's events



your browser does not support inline frames









cfisd school map















get social











office info



22515 schiel rd.
cypress, tx 77433
hours:
tues-10am-3pm









contact info




office@cy-fairsports.org
phone: (281) 256-3400
google map location

























terms of useprivacy statement  admin  copyright 2025 by cyfair sports association



back to top














