



























purdue polytechnic institute















skip to main content


google tag manager 







search form

search 





 







link to facebook  link to twitter  link to instagram


majors departments locations 

visit news give about

 


‹ purdue.edu





purdue polytechnic institute

global mobile menu



majorsdepartmentsnewsstorevisitaboutstatewide locations


 

 














 












purdue polytechnic institute

 









			 
		

			 
		





admitted students future college students current students alumni and friends employers and partners





						you're a boilermaker!


						you’ve always had a knack for knowing how technology makes things work, move, fly, animate and network. purdue polytechnic will show you how to combine your problem-solving skills with your love of technology for a career that can make the world a better place!
					
 admitted student information


					 
				


 request a call or live chat


 event opportunities 


 parent resources 


 download resources 








						find your fit!


						are you the go-to person when friends and family need help with something technical? if you’re the local expert on setting up computers, deciphering new phones, organizing the household or explaining the differences between a boeing 737 and an airbus a320, purdue polytechnic is the college for you!
					
 future student information       explore our majors


					 
				


 about purdue polytechnic


 visit opportunities 


 request a call or live chat


 transfer student information


 apply now!







							we're glad you're here!


							we value you and everything that makes your lived experience unique. you worked hard to get here and we can’t wait to see what you accomplish! as you pursue your tech-centric career, take advantage of these resources to help you become the best version of yourself.
						
 current student resources


						 
					


 plans of study


 degrees


 tutoring


 college directory








							welcome back, boilermaker!


							wasn’t it just yesterday when you were learning your way around the purdue campus? don’t let the years fly by! make time to reconnect with your fellow boilermakers, say hello to the instructors who made classes just a little easier and thank the staff who helped you along the way.
						
 alumni and friends information


						 
					


 awards and recognition


 get involved


 alumni profiles


make a gift








							our graduates + your success!


							technology is constantly changing. do you know the very latest advancements in your industry? our graduates do! take advantage of their education, knowledge and talents by connecting with us today!
						
 employers and partners information


						 
					


 hiring our students


 workforce development


 corporate sponsorships


 sponsor a capstone


 college directory










pol·y·tech·nic


(noun) 21st century: a leading academic college at a world-class university that embraces the connection of people of diverse backgrounds, experiences and thoughts, and leverages innovative learning methods, real-world experiences and industry partnerships to produce graduates uniquely qualified for technology-driven careers.
	



learn more about the college       diversity in the polytechnic       polytechnic mission










					purdue university in indianapolis


					announcing our next giant leap: a new, fully integrated extension of our flagship campus bringing the academic rigor and accessible excellence we’re known for to central indiana.
				

					 
				

learn more












				 
			




				 
			











					find your fit at
					purdue polytechnic


					our tech-centric college boasts more than 30 bachelor of science degree programs, so you can choose your area of study to match your hobbies and interests!
				
 explore undergraduate majors explore graduate options



			 
		





			see what's happening












 
student success 
 aviator siblings take flight as pilot, co-pilot  


 
 













 
hands-on learning 
 purdue launches new construction management technology program model in indianapolis  


 
 













 
research 
 phd student uncovers ‘human values gaps’ in ai datasets  


 
 















 
awards 
 mcgraw wins best paper, presentation awards at motion, interaction, games conference  


 
 













 
podcast 
 techies today episode 021: justin yang, research with real-world impact  


 
 













 
innovation 
 tajikistan women in stem visit purdue polytechnic, explore options for female student recruitment  


 
 









			 
		



					research impact


					with a culture of interdisciplinary collaboration, risk-taking and diversity, the purdue polytechnic institute's office of research encourages big ideas and novel approaches. learn more about the polytechnic's research impact areas and graduate research opportunities.
				
 explore polytechnic research







 purdue polytechnic at anderson
		



			polytechnic across indiana


			in addition to our 30+ majors on purdue's main west lafayette campus, purdue polytechnic offers a number of different degree options at multiple locations across indiana.
		



					convenient locations


					with nine locations throughout indiana, a purdue degree or certification is closer than you think.
				

explore purdue polytechnic locations




					polytechnic high school


					diverse, stem-focused high schools with a unique pathway to purdue.
				

explore purdue polytechnic high school







		the faculty, staff and students of the purdue polytechnic institute strive to embrace the connection of people of diverse backgrounds, experiences and thoughts as we develop an environment that helps each of us achieve our most creative and innovative ideas and solutions. we dedicate ourselves to the hard work that must be done to improve and expand our equitable and inclusive practices as we make the polytechnic institute a college where everyone feels welcomed and respected, and as we build a community where excellence and achievement are attainable by all.


diversity in the polytechnic


 



 






















			information
		

future college students


undergraduate students


graduate students


parents


faculty and staff


alumni and friends


employers and partners




			explore
		

visit


degrees


departments


locations


office of research




			resources
		

college directory


administration directory


careers


news and events


college events


courses




			about
		

about the polytechnic


data dashboard


meet the dean


social media





facebook twitter youtube instagram snapchat linkedin


log in 




 






















	purdue university - purdue polytechnic institute, 401 n. grant st., west lafayette, in 47907 • (765) 494-4935, e-mail: techrecruit@purdue.edu
© 2024 purdue university. an equal access/equal opportunity university. security and privacy policy. doe degree scorecards.
	if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the purdue polytechnic at technews@purdue.edu



 








