







yachtforums: we know big boats!


















log in or sign up







































































yachtforums: we know big boats!


home
















yachtforums: we know big boats!








news: invictus tt550 unveiled




tt550 unveiled by invictus 
​a further evolution of the tt range of yachts at invictus yachts has led to the creation of the tt550 model. it is a much more open and airy design permitting greater connection with the exterior surroundings while aboard. the cannes yachting festival is where you will see the global debut for the tt550 alongside the new st550 which was announced to the public in september 2024. for the tt550 the design language is by christian grande...









							continue reading...
						







news: 2025 boot düsseldorf highlights




highlights of the 2025 boot düsseldorf
​with the boot düsseldorf show finished for another year, the 2025 edition showcased a few new yachts to the market inclusive of new models, ranges and new entrants from respective builders around the world. we saw new offerings from sunseeker, grand soleil plus 80 and a bi-fuel green methanol yacht via sanlorenzo. boot düsseldorf is the largest indoor yacht show in the world...









							continue reading...
						







news: scout launches scout 670 lxs




scout 670 lxs launched
​scout boats now has the official bragging rights to having the world's largest center console. that is because they recently launched the scout 670 lxs (luxury sport model). the yacht is part of a new lx series from the builder that will eventually comprise of the lxs, lxf (luxury fishing) and lxc (luxury cruiser). all of the variants in the lx series share a common designer in harrison eidsgaard. however, the first to launch is of the lxs variant and it is a beast...









							continue reading...
						







sell your boat and skip the commission!




sell your boat and skip the commission!​
a judge dismissed the lawsuit against the iyba and yachtworld for exorbitant commissions and anti-competitive conduct. to list your boat on yachtworld, you must hire a broker and pay a commission. if the commission is discounted, other brokers may not show your boat...









							continue reading...
						







news: bannenberg rowell unveils interiors for project 'spitfire'




project 'spitfire' to build in time for 2027 completion
​project 'spitfire' is a new build that is expected to commence construction this year. the 50.6-meter vessel will have its interior designed by bannenberg & rowell. the name of the project stems from the famed prop fighter aircraft. the yacht has an overall low-profile design with an emphasis on exterior living especially on the aft decks as there is a lot of deck space devoted to this notion...









							continue reading...
						







news: fairline yachts collapses after recent sale




fairline yachts now in administration
​fairline yachts located in the uk has been a name well-known in the industry to a while. the company was just recently sold to its newest investors. as recent as december 4th, 2024 the company was sold to arrowbolt propulsion systems who acquired more than 75% of fairline's shares and voting rights etc. hanover investors sold its stake in fairline in december, 2024 allowing arrowbolt propulsion systems to come in...









							continue reading...
						







news: "hodor's" latest toy, skater 438 "rhaegal"




"rhaegal"; "hodor's" custom skater 438
​it is no secret the owner of superyacht "lonian" and its support yacht "hodor" love game of thrones -the names of those two vessels squarely suggests this-. however, even down to the some of the toys the support vessel carries, push the g.o.t theme. one of the latest toys to be lifted aboard is a inboard powered skater powerboats 438...









							continue reading...
						







news: 50m "queen yaz" to deliver in 2026




"queen yaz" in build for delivery in 2026
​a brand new superyacht currently under construction is expected to be delivered to her owner in 2026. the 50-meter yacht was sold back in 2023 and embodies design by red yacht design. in fact, the vessel was originally listed as a confidential project but now we can see renders of what the yacht should look like once completed...









							continue reading...
						







news: coming cannes show debut for giangrasso ap 24




giangrasso ap 24 to debut at cannes yachting festival
​the giangrasso group is expected to launch their first yacht - 24-meter giangrasso ap 24- later this year. the yacht is expected to make its world debut at the 2025 edition of the cannes yachting festival in september so that should give you a timeline of when it should be launching. the keel was only laid-down in april 2024 but is coming along in construction to design work by arrabito naval architects and vyd studio...









							continue reading...
						







the mass exodus from big tech...




welcome "x"-pats!​
with the exodus from "x" and facebook, you have options that are void of the divisive rhetoric plaguing big-tech platforms. at yachtforums, we've spent 22 years building a topic-focused social media. unlike platforms that sell your personal data, we give back to our community. last year we sent out thousands of dollars in gift cards to members who contribute to the collective...









							continue reading...
						







news: 26m 'cloud 9' concept from brythonic yachts




brythonic yachts reveal 26-meter design
​it is not often that you see a concept design for a 26-meter yacht. usually we tend to see concepts from vessels in the superyacht category, often whimsical and never will be built. however, there is a 26.4-meter concept called 'cloud 9' which is as a result of a collaboration between brythonic yachts and nour mouawad. although a concept, the yacht can be built within today's context. cloud 9 can either be powered conventionally with diesel engines or with hybrid electric...









							continue reading...
						







news: 'code 07' by fountaine-pajot; couach




fountaine-pajot; couach collaboration spawn 'code 07'
​a new design that was released at the 2024 edition of the cannes yachting festival back in september was the 'code 07' by fountaine-pajot in collaboration with couach. "the code 07 sets a new trend in motor catamaran design, more motor yacht than ever. the large openings make it easier to move around on board, and provide the cabins with plenty of natural light...









							continue reading...
						







news: fleming f85 flagship




fleming new f85 model flagship
​the fleming f85 is the latest offering from fleming yachts. according to the yard it is perhaps the ultimate cruising yacht. it is not just a longer boat up from their past model offerings, it is a brand new design from the keel up. the fleming 85 basic specifications include an overall length of 85.2-feet, a beam of 20.6-feet and a draft of 5.5-feet. a full load displacement of around 183,000 lbs all come together to form a compact but spacious package that can get you into any marina or shallow cove and bay...









							continue reading...
						







news: perko® launches high performance waste tank vent filter




perko® launches high performance waste tank vent filter
​'something smells foul...' that is not the reaction or impression you may want from your guests as you host them on your yacht. it's been a great day... you just sat down with family and friends alongside your boat or rv,... and then it hits you. holding tank fumes. unpleasant and distracting, you hope that the wind changes so the outdoor experience is not ruined. perko® released a new product to help combat this issue. it is called the odor eater™, waste tank vent filter...









							continue reading...
						







news: "priceless"; first westport w117




first westport w117 launched; named "priceless"
​westport has launched the first hull in their w117 model and it is named "priceless". it is the first vessel in the restyled raised pilot house offering at this size backet of 36-meters. the yacht commenced construction in 2022 after the dropping of covid-19 restrictions and will now be prepared for delivery with its sea trial phases and commissioning...









							continue reading...
						







news: vyd studio reveals interior of in-build virtus xp yacht




interior glimpse of second virtus xp yacht 
​vyd studio is responsible for both the exterior and interior of the virtus xp model that is currently under construction. in fact, it is the second 52.6-meter hull in this model and started construction back in 2023 on speculation. engineering aspects of the yacht is the work of van oossanen naval architects. construction is expected to wrap up and the yacht be available for delivery by march, 2026. although just over the 52-meter mark, the designers have managed to still keep the internal volume to just below the 500 gt threshold...









							continue reading...
						







news: details on lateral/bannenberg rowell 51m 'spitfire' project




project 'spitfire' to get underway soon
​there is a new upcoming project that is set to commence construction in 2025 and likely be ready for delivery in 2027. the 51-meter (50.6-meter) yacht will see its design as a result of a collaboration between lateral naval architects and bannenberg & rowell. it is called project 'spitfire' and will be driven by hybrid diesel-electric propulsion. it will be a performance-oriented vessel given that the hull will be based on it's builder's patrol boat design, the ares 150 bold. with that in mind, one can expect a top speed of 22-knots with a 2,200 nautical mile range. additional tanks should be able to furnish greater range of 3,500 nautical miles if needed by the client...









							continue reading...
						







day 2: 2024 fort lauderdale international boat show (flibs)




fort lauderdale international boat show (flibs) day 2
​further yacht news has emerged from the 2024 edition of the fort lauderdale international boat show (flibs). day 2 of the show with news of a new ab95 from ab yachts along with the maiora exuma 36. more details released on the bering 165 flagship explorer and bering 105...









							continue reading...
						







news: 2024 fort lauderdale international boat show (flibs)




65th edition of fort lauderdale international boat show (flibs)
​news coming out from the fort lauderdale international boat show (flibs) tends to be not as forthcoming typically because many large announcements are usually made at the monaco yacht show which is held the month prior. many yards focus their reveals, new designs/concepts and sale news for then. however here are a couple news items emerging from or being announced in the occasion of this years' flibs...









							continue reading...
						







news: vripack-designed 43m project 'triple x' commences build




43-meter vripack-designed project 'triple x' starts construction
​the 43-meter project 'triple x' has formally commenced construction with the keel-laying taking place recently. it features design by vripack yachts. 'x' in the project name is a nod to the yard's new explorer category. the yard constructing the yacht is alia and it is anticipated that the vessel will be finished by 2027. the yacht is a slightly longer version of the x40 from the yard because the american owners requested an extra large bathroom and a spacious walk-in-closet area...









							continue reading...
						






page 1 of 172

1
← 
2
3
4
5
6
 →
172
next >









your name or email address:




do you already have an account?




						no, create an account now.

						yes, my password is:


forgot your password?








 stay logged in














sign up now!








forum statistics

discussions:
28,492
messages:
317,426
members:
79,120
latest member:
maki






quick links

enter the forums
yacht discussion
tech discussion
news & launches
yacht reviews
about us
contact us





yacht builders



ab yachts




abeking & rasmussen yacht




admiral tecnomar yachts




africat yacht




aicon yacht




alloy yacht




aquos yacht




astondoa yacht




azimut yacht




baglietto yacht




benetti yacht




bering yachts




bertram yacht




bloemsma van breemen yacht




blohm & voss yacht




broward yacht




burger yacht




calixas yachts




canados yacht




carver yacht




cbi navi yachts




cheoy lee yacht




chris craft roamer yacht




christensen yacht




cl yachts




codecasa yacht




crescent yacht




crn yacht




delta powerboats




delta yacht




donzi/roscioli yacht




fairline yacht




feadship yacht




ferretti yacht




fincantieri yacht




grand banks yacht




hakvoort yacht




hargrave yacht




hatteras yacht




heesen yacht




hinckley yacht




holland jachtbouw yacht




horizon yacht




huckins yacht




icon yachts




isa yacht




johnson yacht




jongert yacht




kaiserwerft yacht




kingship yacht




lazzara yacht




lurssen yacht




mangusta yacht




marlow yacht




marquis yacht




mcc yacht




mckinna yacht




mcmullen & wing yachts




millennium yacht




mochi yacht




moloka'i strait yacht




mondomarine yacht




moonen yacht




mulder yacht




neptunus yacht




nobiskrug yacht




nordlund yacht




northcoast yacht




northern marine yacht




ocean alexander yacht




oceanco yacht




oceanfast yacht




offshore yacht




outer reef yacht




pacific mariner




palmer johnson yacht




pendennis yacht




perini navi yacht




pershing yacht




princess yacht




queenship yacht




richmond yacht




riva yacht




rossi navi yachts




royal denship yacht




royal huisman yacht




rybovich yacht




sanlorenzo yacht




sea spirit yacht




sunrise yacht




sunseeker yacht




trinity yacht




trumpy yacht




vicem yacht




viking yacht




wally yacht




westport yacht




westship yacht




yacht escort ships & shadows




yacht transport ships











yachtforums: we know big boats!


home




xenforo add-ons by waindigo™ ©2015 waindigo ltd.






the world's largest yachting community























news


home


reviews



forums


search

listings




menu






























contact us
help
home
top
rss














terms and rules

forum software by xenforo™ ©2010-2015 xenforo ltd.











