



one foggy site - for foghorn leghorn stuff 

















 






































now wait, i say, now wait a minute there sister!

 


welcome to 

one foggy site


dedicated to the cartoon world's favorite rooster -  
foghorn leghorn



you're here, i say, you're here at the heart of a website 
devoted to that looney tunes character 
 foghorn leghorn
and his various co-stars. this loud-mouthed practical jokester first appeared 
as a guest character for 
henery hawk in 

robert mckimson's 1946 warner bros cartoon 
walky talky hawky. foggy proved
to be a hit on his own right and went on to star in almost 30
looney tunes and merrie melodie cartoons. in addition to his 
booming voice and a collection of signature phrases, foghorn leghorn is perhaps
best known for the various entanglements he got into with
a number of recurring characters. in addition to henery, 
these most often included 
barnyard dawg,

miss prissy, 
her son egghead jr
and a unnamed 
weasel. 
you'll find information about these costars here too.
you'll note the menu to the left or at the bottom which takes you to the
other web pages here at one foggy site. 
you foghorn fans will also want to check out the webring 
and barnyard pages for more foggy stuff. 
anyway, thanks for dropping by and i hope you enjoy your stay. comments 
are welcome. so until next time: 
adios you chicken-pluckin' little stinkar! 
        




do you have a looney tunes website? 
i invite you to join me in the looney tunes webring:




this site is a member of webring. 
to browse visit 
here.


or you can join this webring if you  
have foghorn leghorn stuff on your site:




this site is a member of webring. 
to browse visit 
here.













select this to vote for one foggy site and view the looney tunes top 50 list!  




new page!












hey looney tunes fans!


here's a new looney tunes site for the serious fan: 
hidden 
looney tunes gags. it's got images and 
sound files highlighting some of the clever jokes the 
wb animators hid in their cartoons. 

newsflash: new updates were added 12/31/02 and more are on the way!!









one foggy site is now featured in the yahoo! and dmoz web directories. select the 
logos above to see where it's listed! 
















home | 
faqs|
sounds  | 
 themes  | 
filmography |
webrings |
barnyard |
feedback 






sign my guestbook. 

view my guestbook.

 



























the copyrights to looney tunes characters are not owned by me and 
there is no commercial intent regarding the data presented here. it is merely an 
expression of enthusiasm by a fan. 




