


homepage | edinburg, tx











































































 












why edinburg

featured properties
incentives
major employers
region overview
workforce training


doing business

airport
edinburg data points
entrepreneurship
food processing
healthcare
request for proposals
tourism


work in edinburg
about us

board
resources
staff


newsroom
featured properties
 
ver en español contact us














welcome toedinburg, tx
discover what makes edinburg the best place for business
twenty minutes north of the u.s.-mexico border, edinburg, texas serves as the gateway to the rio grande valley. our local economy is made up of a diverse mix of industries, from agriculture to a growing health and education sector. we are here to help kick-start your successful business venture. 







gateway to south texas

in the heart of the rio grande valley, edinburg serves as a gateway to south texas. anchored by the university of texas rio grande valley, and home to the county seat for hidalgo county, edinburg is an ideal location for businesses looking to expand in the rgv.
put your business on the map, and watch it take off.



 
























plenty of room to grow


                                edinburg is continuously expanding to meet the needs of our growing population, offering inexpensive, undeveloped land, and available properties at competitive prices to give you the freedom to grow your business without compromising your bottom line.                            



welcome home


                                welcome to edinburg, a city of untapped opportunity waiting for you to make your mark. you will be embraced by neighbors, supported by your community, and connected to our culture. there are no strangers here. our strong local school district, low crime rate, and endless opportunity for outdoor adventure makes edinburg an ideal place for families. we are ready to show you what makes edinburg so special.                            



intersection of tx and mx


                                it is no secret that texas is a powerhouse for business. the lone star state is the number one state for doing business, number one for corporate expansions, number one for growth prospects, and, largely thanks to our positive relationship with cities across the border, number one for exports. and with easy access to foreign trade zones, ports, and international markets, our intersection of texas and mexico has created a stronghold for growing businesses.                            



cut costs, raise standards


                                in edinburg, you can cut costs without compromising your quality of life. the cost of living in edinburg is more than 20% below the u.s. average, which means more money in your pocket to spend on the things you care about. more money for sunday brunch, concerts at bert ogden arena and rgvfc soccer games at h-e-b park. more money to reinvest back into local restaurants, shops and bars.                            



a growing healthcare hub


                                what started as a single clinic run by a group of doctors has exploded into a healthcare sector supporting the greater rgv region and employing more than 6,000 people. since opening its doors in 2003, dhr health is now one of the largest physician-owned healthcare networks in the nation, putting edinburg on the map for young talent in the medical community.                            



education for all


                                university of texas rio grande valley and nearby south texas college are funneling talent into our region thanks to their impressive growth, affordability, nationally recognized programs, and student resources. nationally, our programs are continuously recognized for their innovative practices and graduation rates. our affordability and roster of financial aid resources, scholarships, and grants provide opportunities in higher education for all.                            








highlights



commercial development
$156 million permitted (2023)




residential development
$240 million permitted (2023)




housing
1,700 units permitted (2023)






news



press releases


07/05/2024
rgv unites: showcasing infinite possibilities at icsc las vegas2024

read more





press releases


07/10/2024
edinburg economic development corporation announces major expansion at industrial park

read more







see all news






e-news sign-up

stay up-to-date on all the latest news from edinburg by signing up for our newsletter. 





name


first



last

email*

i'm...*i'm...an edinburg business leader or employera site selectorseeking information about living and working in edinburgphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  




















get in touch
raudel garza

raudel@edinburgedc.com
office: (956) 388-8914 / cell: (956) 252-0909























                                                                    edinburg economic development corporation
3111 w. freddy gonzalez drive
edinburg, tx 78539
(956) 388-8914




















contact us



© 2025, edinburg economic development corporation

website by dci











 english


 english spanish








compare listings






 compare 








title
price
status
type
area
purpose
bedrooms
bathrooms






join our newsletter!

stay up-to-date on all the latest news from edinburg by signing up for our newsletter.




name


first



last

email*

i'm...*i'm...an edinburg business leader or employera site selectorseeking information about living and working in edinburgphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 










×



























