






linux business week & coupons – coupons & linux business news















































skip to content










linux business week & coupons
coupons & linux business news












latest
updates
help
marketing
social media
introductions
 



search for:



 












 
case study: how shein used coupons to grow their online business 


 
best computers to run a linux operating system 


 
improving website navigation & nordvpn coupon codes 


 
drive traffic to your website with host papa coupons & social media contests 


 
the beginner’s guide to online marketing 


 
social media, hosting coupons and more business tips: 












improving website navigation & nordvpn coupon codes 

			the world of internet marketing and business online has become a bit of a minefield. the problem is online entrepreneurs are spending so much time trying to get people to their websites that they overlook the basic concept of keeping the customer there and ultimately leading them to a sale. a website, not dissimilar to a shop front, must be inviting and attractive but above all it must be easy to use. this is where website navigation comes into play.
an offer from nordvpn: promo codes and deals
if you are still in the process of securing the privacy of your online activity, i would definitely check out this nordvpn coupon code from nordvpn. i have always found their service to be very reliable, and they really do have some amazing introductory pricing.

improving website navigation
there is nothing more frustrating than browsing a webpage and you can’t find your way to the product or service that brought you to the website in the first place. more often than not a customer that can’t be served quickly will simply go back to the search results and click on the next website in the list. in this article we are going to look at some simple rules you or your web designer should adhere to in order to keep your customers stress free.
specific navigation
the makeup of a website can vary greatly depending on the business. however, keeping your website navigation specific to the business and the reasons visitors are… read the rest  








social media, hosting coupons and more business tips: 

your business and social media
if you are not using social media to promote your business, you are denying your business another facet through which to develop. that being said, there are certain principles to which you should adhere on your quest to develop and maintain an online image. here are three tips for promoting your business through social media:
give out coupon codes:
people love free stuff.  if you give your page’s followers coupons, they will find value in following your feed and engaging with your content. and best of all: it doesn’t have to be your coupons! you can give out promo codes for whichever niche your audience tends to be in. try godaddy’s promo codes, which you can find for free here, and give them out. you can find free online promo codes for pretty much whatever merchant you want at discountgo.
consistency in your brand image
there are many social media platforms from which to choose today. ensure that your brand image stays the same on every post across every platform. bear in mind that marketing is as much about brand recognition as it is about getting the right information across to the right people.  content may be worthy of shares, but it will do your conversion rates no justice if it cannot be swiftly and definitively related to your business.
keep it real
the first word in “social media” is the first thing that you should focus on. like it or not, social media platforms… read the rest  








case study: how shein used coupons to grow their online business 

			you get to the checkout page and there is a space to enter a shein coupon code. ‘oh,’ you think to yourself, ‘i didn’t know they had coupons.’ a quick google search later and you’ve found a coupon code that will get you 30% off, but you need to up the total value of the items in your shopping cart to $100. no problem, there were some shoes that you had looked at earlier but decided to pass on. with the discount they’d be almost free! a week later you get an email thanking you for your recent purchase, and here’s a special coupon just for you for 15% off any full price item. well, you don’t really need anything but it sure would be a shame to just let that coupon go to waste. and besides, they did make it just for you! so you find a nice dress, you don’t need it now but it’s cute and besides that you are getting a deal! and just like that, shein has convinced you to spend more on their website than you ever intended to in the first place.

the psychology of coupons
so, how did shein accomplish the feat of parting you from more of your hard-earned money? quite simple, they used the psychology behind coupons. even though consumer habits have changed drastically over the last few decades with the advent of the shopping mall and then online shopping, coupons have remained a constant. why is that? well,… read the rest  








best computers to run a linux operating system 

			if you are an avid user of computing systems and you are looking to buy a laptop that is compatible or comes with a fast, simple and easy to use operating system, then you should get yourself a nice linux os friendly laptop that can offer you efficient services. linux is one of the most widely used in the world and is known to deliver reliable performance for laptop users consistently. linux oss are remarkably light and also efficient and could be utilized whether you wish to edit images or even do routine office work. if you think that your mac or windows os is too heavy for your computer and making it difficult for you to get your work done, then you can decide to get a linux os installed computer that might make it simpler for you to perform your work.
best computers to run linux operating systems
linux os compatible computers are on the market at computer stores and outlets all over the country.
computers from manufacturers like dell, toshiba, compaq, apple, acer, advent, sharp, ibm, cannon, siemens, sony, and asus can all run linux-based operating systems. you can always check out websites like http://bestgear.org, they have comparisons on different makes/models and you can choose the one that best serves your needs. some companies also make customized linux laptops for industries and office organizations. 

what is linux?
linux is an open source operating system that is available for download from online resources. open source means that… read the rest  








drive traffic to your website with host papa coupons & social media contests 

			it’s hard to resist a sweet prize or a free gift. whenever a contest is announced, starts rushing to try their luck. if it doesn’t cost anything to enter besides a minute of your time, what do you have to lose? it feels good to emerge a winner, especially when the prize involved is lucrative. by that same measure, a lot of people will take a free gift even if it’s something that they might not have otherwise wanted. it’s free, so why not? do you know that running contests on social media can boost your web traffic? apart from multiplying your traffic, contests have the power of boosting the engagement rate. we are going to look at the surest ways of getting the best out of social media challenges.
do a coupon giveaway: try these ones from enterprise
this is probably one of the simplest methods, simply find some working coupons and collect them on a page on your website. for example we found promo codes on couponjournal.org. then you can post the link on various social media channels advertising ‘free coupons’. a lot of people will check it out from curiosity if nothing else, and then they might see what else you have on your website.

gaining traffic from social media contests
a message about a planned or ongoing contest on social media will attract different kinds of people. even those who are not necessarily interested in your products (yet!) will come with the hopes of emerging winners.… read the rest  








the beginner’s guide to online marketing 

			the online world can be very complicated, particularly when it comes to marketing your business. where do you start? which platform do you use? while the aim is to build relationships with customers, connecting with them online can be hard to accomplish when you’re focused on running your business. therefore, take note of the following steps designed to bring clarity to the oft-confusing process of marketing your presence in the online sphere.
develop a consistent, well-thought-out brand & website
to begin, consider your company’s branding and how it relates to what you wish to achieve. are you a luxury business that offers premium products? is there a color scheme associated with your products’ packaging? what type of messaging or slogans are important to your business? these combined elements will become key when you are developing your online presence, because when it comes to branding, the trick is consistency. you don’t want to confuse your target audience by exhibiting an inconsistent persona. instead, ensure that your company’s ethos, slogans, logos and color schemes are applied consistently across all online and offline platforms. make sure that your website is easy to use and consistent with the branding. by the way, if you are just getting started out many web hosts offer excellent savings for new clients. check out https://couponcodes.hosting/godaddy-promo-codes/, they can set you up with a basic linux hosting package at a very reasonable price. i can’t stress enough how important it is to have a good website. make sure that… read the rest  








introduction to the opera web browser 

			ask people to name a web browser and most of them will say internet explorer or firefox.  chrome has become quite popular as well and safari is the most popular on macs.  in distant fifth place is opera, one of the oldest and most innovative web browsers still being actively developed. in recent years, opera’s mobile browser has gained popularity on mobile devices including smartphones and tablets as well as other niche markets such as the wii. however, few people use opera on their desktop pc or even realize it exists for pc, mac and linux.
	what sets opera apart from the other browsers in the big five? the most obvious answer is that opera is more than just a browser, it’s an entire suite of web tools wrapped in one program.  opera also includes a pop/imap mail client, torrent client, rss feeder, download manager, debugging tools, and more.  adblocking, password management and other features offered as extensions for competing browsers are built into opera.  for these reasons, opera did not offer the ability to use extensions until recently; there was simply no need.
one down side to this was the absence of any ‘coupon extensions’, which tend to be one of the most popular extensions on the other major browsers. if you were an opera user you had to (at least until recently) google a term like ‘expedia promo codes online’ and then manually add these codes into various online retail sites. 
opera widgets, extensions and unite… read the rest  








brave first wave of chromebooks are put to rest 

i.e. no more support for old chromebooks

we suppose it was only inevitable. 5 years ago google came out with the first chromebooks, which were the first real massive attempt at creating consumer laptops that weren’t somehow based on the windows or mac operating systems. the chrome os certainly had its growing pains, and the first batch of chromebooks were released to mixed-reviews at best. 
and yet still, they had a fan following. google announced that the older chromebooks have reached their end-of-life and will no longer be supported. 
now this doesn’t mean that chromebooks will no longer work. it’s just that they will continue to function as they are now without any support or new updates. 
this of course raises security concerns, as google will no longer give chromebooks updates if there are major security holes discovered. of course, with the relative small-market of loyal chromebook users, hackers may not bother with the chrome os. 
as of right now, the samsung series 5 is the first one to lose google’s support. in a couple of months, the acer ac700 chromebook will be the next one to lose support. 
to give some context, microsoft supported the windows xp system for 10 years after its initial release. but we’re in an age of acceleration, and support cycles are growing smaller. apple’s smartphone support tend to extend to the 3 latest iphones, with each new iphone version pushing the next one off the map.… read the rest  








can i watch netflix on linux? 

yes! yes you can! here’s how:
for the longest time you were not able to watch netflix on linux computers and laptops because of a proprietary technology that netflix uses called silverlight.

what is silverlight? in a nutshell, silverlight is a plug-in owned by microsoft that is able to improve the quality of streaming video. 
in 2014, netflix started switching over from silverlight to a version of html5 that they use. this
but thanks to engineers at both netflix and ubuntu, you are now able to watch netflix via the chrome browser.
this isn’t limited to the ubuntu version of linux either. you can watch it on any linux distro! chrome is the one that updated their browser so that it could stream netflix on linux operating systems.
the previous workaround:
the previous method of watching netflix was to install wine, which is virtualization software that enables people to run windows programs in the linux environment. the new update from chrome, which enables you to watch netflix, also mentions that they blocked this method from being effective anyway.
anyone that’s spent hours creating workarounds on a linux distro understands how frustrating it can be when a company blocks your method.
resources mentioned in this article:
ubuntu.com – watch netflix in chrome
microsoft.com – about silverlight.… read the rest  








linux mint 18 ‘sarah’ available now (in beta) 

the most user-friendly linux distro has a new version
linux mint, the one distro that linux-users usually recommend to non-linux users looking to make the transition from windows, has a new version out, named ‘sarah’. 
some early details about the release: 
– it will be based on the upcoming ubuntu 16.04 ‘xenial xerus‘
– this latest update comes with full support until 2021.
– a new touchpad configuaration.
– the ‘update manager’ has gotten an update.
– steam, spotify and dropbox have been added to the software manager and are now easier to install.
click here to read a full run-down of new features.
while this is an exciting new update, we should make clear that this is a ‘beta’. so if you’re a brand-new windows user looking to switch to linux, you should opt for the latest stable release of linux mint instead of downloading this beta.… read the rest  






 recent posts 





 case study: how shein used coupons to grow their online business
 






 best computers to run a linux operating system
 






 improving website navigation & nordvpn coupon codes
 






 drive traffic to your website with host papa coupons & social media contests
 






 the beginner’s guide to online marketing
 


  


top posts & pages





case study: how shein used coupons to grow their online business







best computers to run a linux operating system







improving website navigation & nordvpn coupon codes







drive traffic to your website with host papa coupons & social media contests







the beginner's guide to online marketing







social media, hosting coupons and more business tips:







introduction to the opera web browser







brave first wave of chromebooks are put to rest







can i watch netflix on linux?







linux mint 18 'sarah' available now (in beta)



categories

help

introductions

latest

marketing

social media

uncategorized

updates


subscribe to blog via email

enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

						join 1 other subscriber						



							action@linuxbusinessweek.com                        








	                        subscribe                        















february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« jan
 
 
 

rss - postsrss - comments
 

tagsbrowsers
chromebooks
content organization
coupon codes
coupon extensions
coupons
dropbox
entrepreneurs
expedia
extensions
gnome
godaddy
godaddy promo codes
google
html5
improving website navigation
linux
linux distro
linux mint
linux os
mac os
microsoft
mint
netflix on linux
no more support
old chromebooks
online branding
online marketing
opera
opera turbo
sidebar navigation
silverlight
small business marketing
social media
social media marketing
social media platforms
spotify
steam
top level navigation
travel
ubuntu
user-friendly
website design
website navigation
widgets
 



proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: newsanchor by athemes.		

















