


wildflowers, wild orchids, fungi, wildlife; nature books, reserves






















 
  




go





 fungi 

identification guide
sortable species list
what are fungi?
make a spore print
glossary of terms
fungi naming system
fungus forays
microscopy guide
fungus quizzes
mushroom recipes
slime moulds




 insects 

identification guide
butterflies & moths
dragonflies & damselflies
mayflies
caddisflies
stoneflies
beetles & bugs
hoverflies
other diptera
water bugs (hemiptera)




 wildflowers 

identification guide
sortable species list
glossary of terms
wild orchid gallery
white orchids
orchid biology
care of pot orchids
plant systematics
plant conservation



trees birds mammals fish amphibians reptiles


 wild wales 

sortable sites list
north wales sites
east wales sites
s-w wales sites
best for bats
brilliant for birds
fabulous for fungi
plant paradise
sand dune systems
news
conservation
wales wildlife books



wild algarve


 world sites 

uk
ireland
france
crete
italy
usa
portugal
slovenia
maldives
barbados
bulgaria




 fly fishing 

basic essentials
casting guide
fishing knots
trout fishing
sea trout fishing
salmon fishing
conservation
top venues



bookshop




    select language
  

english
french
german
portuguese
spanish










please help keep this volunteer-run
      website free from intrusive adverts by donating towards the hosting costs 





your 2,500-page wildlife window on the world wide web


















 
 818 wildflower pages 

 
 850 fungi pages 

 
 223 bird pages 

 
 72 fish pages 

 
 227 insects pages 

 
 45 tree pages 

 
 6 amphibian pages 

 
 6 reptile pages 

 
 32 mammal (incl. bats) pages 

 
 flyfishing guidance 

 
 wales' top nature sites 

 
 world's top nature sites 




  previous    next  
stormy weather but...
winter storms in britain, ireland and most of mainland europe have downed many trees. it is a mixed blessing for nature, because wood-rotting fungi and slime moulds will have plenty to chew on for decades to come... as long as we resist the temptation to 'tidy up' our wild woods.
thank you...
...to the  kind donors who help us to fund keeping first nature freely online without intrusive pop-up advertising. pat and sue









try our online id guide to fungi
this pictorial guide covers 26 major genera/groupings and nearly 1000 pages about the most beautiful, weird and wonderful mushrooms, toadstools and other kinds of fungi commonly found in woodland and grassland habitats in britain and europe. 
the pictures link to detailed, illustrated identification pages about each species.











new: anarchic anthology
this collection of 28 short stories by pat o'reilly is now available in paperback format and in kindle ebook format from amazon in the uk and worldwide.
as with all first nature books,  proceeds from the sale of anarchic anthology go towards funding the costs of keeping the first nature website online.











microscopy for amateur mycologists
it's amazing how much more you can learn about fungi if you have access to a microscope. our no-jargon online guide to mushroom microscopy has all the essential information about choosing and using a compound microscope, selecting chemical stains, preparing slides etc to help you get started.
there are also examples of the microscopic 'characters' cited in identification keys. more details...











winter wildflowers
from november through to march, waysides and disturbed land are often brightened by the mauve (occasionally white) flowers of winter heliotrope, a member of the daisy family (asteraceae) that many insects rely on during the cold winter weather.






blue is not a colour normally associated with mushrooms, but there are a few striking blue species. pictured here is one that makes itself obvious in another way too: the aniseed funnel clitocybe odora can be found by 'following your nose'! see our sortable fungi index for pictures and identification details for nearly 800 fascinating fungi species.
note on terminology: we use the term wildflowers where some people still write wild flowers as two words; however, whether you prefer wildflowers or wild flowers we are sure you will find many flower species of interest in our wildflower pages. similarly with fungi: some people call all edible fungi mushrooms, using the term toadstools to denote inedible of poisonous fungi. others reserve the term mushroom for agaricus species such as field mushrooms. we use the term mushroom to describe any cap-and-stem fungi, whereas  brackets, crusts, puffballs and other non-mushroom-shaped types of fungi are referred to simply as fungi. to many people, wildlife  means animals such as birds, mammals and insects. are wildflowers (or wild flowers) wildlife? they are living things, and part of nature; we therefore use wildlife to imply all living creatures, whether animals (including mammals, birds, insects, reptiles, amphibians, fishes etc), plants such as wildflowers, trees, mosses and other 'lower plants' as well as fungi, lichens and slime moulds.















































help more people learn about and enjoy nature...
we are always pleased to receive your suggestions, corrections, pictures and donations to help keep first nature online and free from intrusive adverts...
top of page...






about us
links
news
sitemap













to help keep this volunteer-run
website free without intrusive adverts, please make a donation towards the hosting costs.





