







thetransformers.net - robots in disguise











































































news
features
toys
transformers dark of the moon
forum



















transformers-themed pub could be britain’s best home bar
a transformers-themed pub is in the running to be crowned britain’s best home bar, in a competition being run by liberty games.

the winning bar, chosen… [more]





tfnation 2019 transformers convention review
this last weekend saw yet another transformers convention take over the metropole hilton, in birmingham. these weekends have become a staple of my summer… [more]





annual transformers forum meet tour
every year, since 2011, the nerds from thetf.net forum (now a facebook group, because running a forum proved too much like hard work) have met for a weekend… [more]





our 2019 forum meet took place this weekend, in cardiff
this weekend saw our annual forum meet being held in the welsh capital of cardiff. each year we meet in a different town or city in the uk, alternating… [more]





video footage from transforce in 2001
almost 18 years ago (crikey, has it been that long?) we wrote a review of our visit to transforce in august 2001. it was a seriously hot day, but a great… [more]










 




characters

features

gallery

interviews

merchandise

multimedia

news

animated

armada

beast machines

beast wars

beast wars ii

beast wars neo

cartoon

comics

devil's due

dreamwave

idw publishing

marvel

panini

titan



conventions

auto assembly

botcon

transforce



cybertron

dvd

energon

entertainment rights

generation one

hasbro

headmasters

madman

maverick entertainment

maximum entertainment

metrodome

paramount

press release

rhino

robots in disguise

sony bmg

super-god masterforce

takara

toys

transformers 4 (2013)

transformers movie (2007)

transformers prime

transformers rescue bots

transformers the movie (1986)

transformers: dark of the moon

transformers: revenge of the fallen

victory

video games



people

reviews

site updates

toys / action figures

transformers 3 (2011)









video from transforce 2001, uk 






 

  




 



change theme			
autobot
decepticon

 
looking for transformers?

search for:



transformers games
	
top trumps


transformers pages
	
cartoons
comics
features
merchandise
toys


subscribe to thetransformers.net			
enter your email address to subscribe to transformers news:


transformers email			
              
                     username:


                        password:




sign up for free email 

















thetransformers.net was designed by, and is copyright © 2000 - 2025 to sheer media limited
the transformers.net was formed in 2000 and has become one of the biggest transformers websites in the world, with its own large transformers community in the forum. find out more about our transformers website here.

 
this website uses cookies for a superior experience. we'll assume your acceptance, but you can eject if you wish. i accept your terms never!!! our termsprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept
























