


owner perfection in hooks





























hooks by species or region
contact us
products








every fish story
                         begins with
                         the perfect hook.







own your next catch.
and you'll never have to tell the story of the one that got away.
there's a feeling you get when you're going fishing. you get on the boat and the only thing between you and the fish is water. each time you cast, the sound of nature drowns out the noise, you feel a rush of anticipation - it's all about that tug at the end of the line - so set the hook!
                        
get an owner hook and clear the deck.











passion. precision. perfection.
 the only triple edge cutting point® found in nature.




permanently secures baits onto the twistlock coil spring for a perfect rig every time

dependable; will not roll over or dull

corrosion-resistant; seamless transition to environment

for superior strength / xxx strong

better positioning to keel baits when swimming

allows for smaller diameter wire to achieve same strength for maximum penetration.

 












hooks by species
it's the end of the line for these guys.























































hooks by region
right place, right hook, right here.














































fish guts & glory.
#ownthecatch
   instagram widget  











fish with owner. they do. 



meet our pros & guides








  

buzz ramsey
professional for over 20 years
a cold water sport fishing authority
"i use owner hooks because they are the sharpest, strongest, best quality hooks available, and because they help me land more and bigger fish," 


  

cliff prince
9 years as a pro 
favorite fishing styles is finesse fishing
"as a professional i look to have the best in everything i need, one of the most essential tackle needed is "the hook", and owner hooks builds the best, the sharpest & the strongest. i am grateful to be part of the team!" 

  

brian latimore
professional for 2 years  
favorite fishing styles is finesse fishing
"owner not only has the sharpest hooks available but they also have the strongest tensile material which is equally valuable in securing good hook penetration."  

  

rachel cato
guide for 11 years
taught herself how to guide and catch different species.
"i use owner hooks because they are a high quality reliable hook for all species."  

  

terry mulkey
guide for 20 years
has improved his catch-ratio with owner hooks
"when it comes to hooks, i use owners for the simple reason - they are the sharpest and strongest hooks i have ever used and they help my clients catch more fish. i always tell fishermen, use owner hooks once and they sell themselves. they are the best!"   

  

cody meyer
professional for 8 years
almost went to a culinary school
"i use owner hooks because every bite counts! i need the very best hooks on the market to help me landed each and every fish!"  
















a legacy of perfection.
49 years in business. 1121 different hooks. 29 patents. endless fish stories.

hooks by species or region
contact us
products


catalog
download owner hooks logo 
privacy policy
terms of use agreement
return policy




































