















relationship advice | susie and otto collins






































































 














		skip to content








 





main menu
 


aboutcoachingpodcastblogmenu toggle

improve communication relationship advice building relationship trust marriage advice love advice jealousy relationship breakups
programsmembersmenu toggle

login
contact 

 
 







 




















susie and otto collins










passionate heart coaching







take the struggle out oflove and life


















start here:
free ebook and video
(plus our newsletters)
get our weekly emails, podcasts plus free ebook and video delivered to your inbox
 
























click here for ebook, video and newsletters























what if life and love didn't have to be a struggle?












we used to think that life could be a struggle.
now we understand that it doesn't have to be.
we've seen it time and time again (both in our own lives and in the lives of the people we've worked with) that anything you're struggling with can fade away in the blink of an eye.
we've also found that a solution to a "problem" can come in lightning-like speed once you see something new.
the trouble is that most people get stuck in a box of their own thinking and their own making that keeps them stuck, frozen and confused when it doesn't have to be that way.






















if you want to get unstuck and get more out of your life and relationships...











we're here to help you awaken to new possibilities in love and life.
if there's any part of your life you'd like to shift, change or improve, download our free pdf ebook and video"5 communication mistakes that push love away" and let us know how we can help.
susie and otto collins







download ebook and watch video







announcing: our new book now available






big fat love






imagine how much better your love and relationships could be if you (and your partner) could only see some new possibilities.  our brand new book will open you , your partner and the other people in your life up to amazing new possibilities.  big fat love will take you from feeling hopeless, bored or stuck to seeing love in all its many flavors as totally unlimited, full of potential and fill you with more confidence that you can have more--much more love in your life . the possibilities for love are endless!start seeing new possibilities for love in your life.  


















order now




















latest blog articles



















by susie & otto collins





















 

 



relationship temptations that are so dangerous (but we do them anyway)…



				by susie and otto collins 
|

					february 17, 2025				


temptations come in all sizes and shapes (no, we’re not just talking about cheating here)… and that if acted upon, would feel so good (at least in the moment) but would be so damaging for yourself, your relationships or your marriage. the fact is that […]















 

 



communication fails: the crazy things people try when they try to improve communication



				by susie and otto collins 
|

					february 12, 2025				


everyone agrees… communicating in ways that bring you and your spouse or partner closer together is a good thing. communicating in ways that make the important people in your life want to spend more time with you is always something you should want… and… communicating […]















 

 



not feeling equal in a relationship? here’s a 5-step fix…



				by susie and otto collins 
|

					february 10, 2025				


mutual friends introduced paula and rod and soon after, they started dating, became an exclusive couple, and moved into rod’s condo together. rod owned a plumbing business and needed an office manager–paula was between jobs so he hired her, thinking that would solve his problem […]

















click here for more blog posts...





















have a question you're stuggling with?





click here to contact us

































 







 susie & otto collins
 po box 14544
 columbus, ohio 43214
phone: 614-568-8282

 

 contact
terms of service
privacy policyreturn policycookie policy

 

facebooktwitteryoutube 









						copyright © 2025 susie & otto collins 
















scroll to top


























































 


