






friends of rowing history – established 1992





























skip to content








friends of rowing history
established 1992








    menu	
home
time line  

before 1850
1850-1899
1900-1949
1950-2000


us team rowers  

browse by year
search by name


hall of fame  

category list
alpha list


essays  

crazy pros
international boat race
joe burk letters
edward hanlan letter
true stories


resources  

rowing 101
races, boat clubs & associations before 1860
1st rowing bibliography
1871 oarsman’s manual
naao yearbooks
naao rowing news
naao oarsman index
naao trophies
college trophies
famous rowers
equipment
us patents


regatta results  

ira
henley royal regatta-finals results
henley royal regatta notes


about













home


welcome to our attempt to display information about the history of rowing with emphasis on north american rowing. this site will be an ongoing project. hopefully over a period of time it will grow into a substantial resource on rowing history. this site is basically a static site with interesting and helpful information. a great dynamic (blog) site is hear the boat sing administered by goran buckhorn. visit htbs also.
we hope that all information is as accurate as can be. sometimes the sources may be newspaper articles and personal recollections and may not be as accurate as expected. if you have any input, corrections, or suggestions – please contact us, bmiller@rowinghistory.net
site contents (top menu)
time line by thomas e. weil – highlights of important events & milestones through the years to 2000
us teams (new format) – searchable database either by us team members’ last name or by year(s)
national rowing hall of fame – two lists of hall of fame members
category listing – listing by boats, athletes, coaches, patrons
alphabetical listing – listing by last name
regatta results – gathering/listing results from historic regattas
ira (intercollegiate rowing association)
henley royal regatta – finals results – searchable database
henley royal regatta notes
resources – collected rowing facts & details:
rowing 101 – understanding rowing & terminology
races/boat club & associations before 1860 – listing
rowing book bibliography – overview of the 1st rowing book bibliography
1871 oarsman’s manual– introduction to a magnificent rowing book
naao annual yearbooks – images of covers & table of contents
naao rowing news magazines – images of some covers
naao national trophies ca. 1930
college trophies – listing of college trophies
famous people – who were rowers/coxswains
rowing equipment – history 
u.s. patents – mostly 19th century
essays – discussion of interesting events/people/places
the crazy professionals – 19th century professional rowing
“the great international boat race” – 1869 harvard vs oxford
joseph burk letters to george pocock – set of letters from 1935 through 1947
edward hanlan letter – his letter describing his 1881 laycock race preparation
true stories – interesting events
about/contact/links
enjoy











search


search for:


  search

 

about this site the friends of rowing history website’s mission is to preserve rowing history before it all fades away and crumbles into dust.

 



		proudly powered by wordpress	














































































































































































