










national rowing foundation | rowing support | rowing donations





















































 







national rowing foundation 
facebook
twitter
linkedin


about

who we are
our mission
our leadership
frank shields fellowships


donors
grants

grant recipients


hall of fame

history of the national rowing hall of fame℠
hall of fame members
hall of fame event program and press
2021 nomination form


gallery
events/news
donate

give online
donation by check
kiss the joy


contact us

 








55years of support
				



13olympic teams
				



624rowers supported
				



1mission
				


donate




 

latest news

patrick eble grew up in philadelphia and learned to row on the schuylkill river at la salle college high school. after la salle, he rowed at princeton university and graduated with a degree in ecology and evolutionary biology. at princeton, patrick rowed in the first varsity all 4 years. he has two bronze medals and […]
read more

nrf adds four new board members in 2025 mike began his rowing career at st. joseph’s prep in philadelphia where he was a member of the 1984 scholastic national champion men’s 8+. mike stayed on the schuylkill river for college at the university of pennsylvania graduating in 1989 with a b.a. in history and rowing […]
read more

nrf adds five new board members in 2023 elle logan rowed at stanford university and graduated in 2011 with a ba in history. in 2009, the women’s rowing team won the pac-10 championships and the ncaa championships. elle was named the pac-12 rower of the century in 2016. elle was a member of the u.s. […]
read more

view more blogs and news >


upcoming events
no current events.
view all upcoming events >



 our athletes in action













						photo by lisa worthy
						






						photo by lisa worthy
						






						photo by lisa worthy
						






						photo by lisa worthy
						









						photo by lisa worthy
						






show your support
supporting national team rowers since 1966, it is all about the athletes!
donate








32 sherwood road, melrose, ma 02176



facebook
twitter
linkedin


privacy policy
terms and conditions
state disclosures







 













