

























florida’s leading gastroenterology providers | borland groover










      skip to main content
    




ascension st. vincents riverside update – dillon parking closure as of january 2025. click here for more details







 904.398.7205








make payment 
schedule appointment









toggle navigation










main navigation


home


about 


the doctors’ choice for gastroenterology care


leadership team


contact us


careers


jacksonville center for endoscopy


allergies and asthma


imaging center


infusion center


research/clinical trials


current studies


understanding clinical trials




borland groover culture


borland groover foundation


news & events




services 


colonoscopy


endoscopy


infusion


pathology


allergy-immunology


imaging




conditions treated


physicians 


physicians


pa-c/aprn




locations


for patients 


for new patients


preparing for your colonoscopy


make an online payment


billing and insurance


understanding your insurance plan




faq


for referring physicians


direct access procedures


gastroenterology


medical records


refilling your prescriptions


support groups


telemedicine


new bg physicians!




patient portal



















see availability!









learn more


















view all open jobs!























exceptional care, inside and out.
borland groover is one of florida’s leading gastroenterology providers, delivering everything from colon cancer screenings to advanced high tech procedures and clinical trials. founded in 1947, our goal is to deliver easy access to the most advanced gastrointestinal and liver care possible. by combining the resources typically found within a large hospital network with the patient-centric touch of a primary care physician, borland groover provides:
 
 



expert physicians and specialists in all areas of gastroenterology, pathology, radiology and allergy care
convenient appointment times
multiple locations throughout northeast florida and florida’s east coast including volusia and palm beach counties

most importantly, we have a team of expert gastroenterologists trained and dedicated to providing you with personalized and attentive care from start to finish to help you fully understand your problem and develop a thoughtful, comprehensive plan to get you back to wellness. at borland groover, you can count on us to deliver relief and peace of mind when you need it most.

 





 










skilled gastrointestinal specialists
all of our specialists at borland groover are gastroenterology experts, too. so when you see an allergist, you’re seeing an allergist who understands gastroenterology; when your samples are with a pathologist, they’re with a pathologist who understands gastroenterology. this unique approach creates a system where all of our doctors understand exactly what our patients are going through. 
borland groover specialties include:




colonoscopy
endoscopy
infusion


pathology
allergy-immunology
imaging






view all physicians






innovative technology
borland groover patients receive comprehensive treatment through state-of-the-art medical care including access to the latest endoscopic advances for minimally invasive procedures such as colonoscopy, upper endoscopy, endoscopic ultrasound and biliary endoscopy (ercp).
view services

clinical research
our patients benefit from our multispecialty clinic and clinical research through receiving cutting-edge medical treatments and therapies often years before they are available to the general public.
learn more

for patients
we’re here to assist you. find everything you need to make your experience with borland groover as pleasant and comfortable as possible.
learn more





“the staff is so professional and helpful. anytime i call they immediately start trying to resolve my problem. i appreciate their support and help.”









  



terms menu


accessibility


terms of use


nondiscrimination and accessibility agreement


hipaa/privacy notice 


transparency and no surprises act


for employees


careers






search
search

      enter the terms you wish to search for.
    





copyright ©2025 borland groover. all rights reserved.










