






jw photography | el segundo, california



























 



		skip to content














main menu
 


home
order photos
panoramas
puzzles
masks
contact
 

 
 







 






















 
jw photography is based in el segundo, california. our family-run photography business is commited to serving schools and events in our local community. jeff wilson's passion project is creating unique panorama photos of scenic spots in california and around the world.



order photos


 
 























photography services




















school photos samples  











baptism & communion   











bar/bat mitzvah  













graduation photos  











group photos  











portraits  













sports photography  











dance studios  











corporate events & parties  













wedding photos  











reunion photos  

















order your  event photos




order your school photos


















































































panorama prints 
jw has hundreds of panorama prints available from scenic spots all over california and around the world. choose your size, style and material and we'll custom make a stunning print for your home or office. we ship anywhere in the us, or you can pick it up at our location in el segundo, ca. we also offer delivery and installation within 30 miles of el segundo.



explore gallery


 
 



















custom face masks 
we'll put any picture you want on a face mask! simply upload your picture and we'll make and ship your custom mask direct to your door. 



make a mask


 
 











custom picture puzzles 
have a picture you want to print on a jigsaw puzzle? we'll make you a custom puzzle or choose from several prints in our gallery. makes an awesome gift! 



make a puzzle


 
 























about jw photography












 
jeff wilson's photography career started early taking photos for his school yearbook and at horse shows through his family farm in colorado. in college he moved on to capturing fraternity and sorority events, and then relocated to southern california to work with ucla, usc, csf and other universities. partnered with his wife karen, jw photography expanded from college events to youth sports, corporate events, high school reunions, family and school portraits. additionally, jeff and karen's love for travel gave them the opportunity to shoot stunning panorama photos all over world. they began making custom prints of these shots and selling them online. jw photography is based in el segundo, ca and is actively involved with local community. he shoots for 25 schools in and around south bay. 
 
 



























 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 




















testimonials from our clients























"as a parent volunteer in charge of the yearbook, it was important for me to work with a photography company that not only provided quality school portraits but was responsive to the needs of our parents.  jw introduced some innovative changes to traditional school photography - for example, photographing our students outside using our unique school grounds as the backdrop. their fore-thought and planning was particularly appreciated this year as they had a plan on how to safely provide school photography in this current covid environment." 

sandy 
								manhattan beach elementary							



















"i produce large events and sports leagues though our company and as a volunteering parent.  my first call is jw photography for photo booths, party fun and sports/team photos. partnering with a photography company that provides excellent products and customer service is essential to my delivering an overall exceptional event. they can handle a variety of events from small to large, including photographing over 1,000 soccer players and keeping it organized. for that job, they are plugged into our volunteer team for months to set it up and make it run smoothly.  jw has the expertise to support events from the planning phase through the event date." 

barry 
								homerun entertainment							






















"the city of santa barbara aquatics section has had jw photography photograph our junior lifeguard program for the past 4 years. they have always provided enough staff to organize our youth participants (ages 7 - 17) into amazing group and individual photos. when we had to change our program to meet covid guidelines, we thought that we would have to skip the shoot. however, karen shared with us their updated plans that adhered to all current covid guidelines and precautions. their plan and professional staff allowed us to safely provide junior lifeguard group and individual photos to our 1,100 participants in such a challenging year." 

tony sholl 
								city of santa barbara 							



















"jw has been providing family portraits and event photography for our family for over 15 years. it’s not just their exceptional quality, but their ability to meet our needs based on the ages of our children and the specific nature of each event." 

ellen 
								super mom							
































business info 
jw photography serves the south bay area in california and has an online store for ordering custom prints shipped anywhere in the us. 
jw party picturesshipping address214 main street #291el segundo, ca 90245
phone: (310) 640-7212
e-mails:
karen@jwpartypictures.com
jeff@jwpartypictures.com
 
 
 









contact form

name*


first

email*

phonemessage*phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  
































 







						copyright © 2025 jw photography					

home
order photos
panoramas
puzzles
masks
contact
 





































