


the unofficial addams family web site


















news

(click to
go to story)
new finds



 21 chester place: the real addams family house.


 
jib jab addams family


argyle sweater addams family cartoon


google honors charles addams 100th birthday




movies & tv:





artwork of addams family

color photos
from that addams family tv set



 

theater:

announcements





the addams family musical hits the road





book reviews:

new charles addams book

the addams family: eviloution



a cartoonist's life

by doug ogg










       
 10/28/21



please report any broken links to 
jon@addamsfamily.com 
due to spam robots, you will need to copy and paste email addresses.
thank you for your patience.



























































 
addams
   family 2

cast
   bette midler, bill hader, charlize theron, chloë grace moretz, javon
   "wanna" walton, nick kroll, oscar isaac, snoop dogg, wallace
   shawn
distributed by&: metro-goldwyn-mayer 
   executive producers: kevin miserocchi, jonathan glickman, cassidy lange,
   andrew mittman, aaron l. gilbert, and jason cloth
   producers: gail berman, conrad vernon, danielle sterling, and alison o'brien
   directed by: greg tiernan, conrad vernon
 
   




collectibles 
department 56 addams family village




   it was 1938 when the charles addams cartoon depicting a quirky group, the addams
   family, first appeared in the new yorker. in his words, “a closely knit
   family, the real head being morticia – although each of the others is a
   definite character… gomez and pugsley are enthusiastic. morticia is even in
   disposition, muted, witty, sometimes deadly. wednesday is her mother’s
   daughter. the house is a wreck, of course, but this is a house-proud family
   just the same and every trap door is in good repair. money is no problem.

© and ™ tee and charles addams foundation.




return to top






released october 18th, 2019
   from mgm studios & cinesite



   voice cast: charlize theron, bette midler, oscar isaac, chloë grace moretz, nick kroll, and finn wolfhard in the addams family (2019)
distributed by&: metro-goldwyn-mayer 
	production company: cinesite; & nitrogen studios
	directors: conrad vernon & greg tiernan
	executive producers: andrew mittman and
   	
   kevin miserocchi

	producers: conrad vernon, gail berman and alex schwartz

special thanks to: kevin miserocchi executive director of the tee
   & charles addams foundation
return to top




addams
   family behind the scenes
time magazine's audition photos.

   (click to open a new page)


return to top
       

    


tv's
   year of the monster article
aug
   21, 1964



return to top
       

    



addams
   family pinball game app
   here links to where
   people can purchase the table now:


itunes (ios): https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pinball-arcade-free/id497189134?mt=8
google play: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.farsight.androidpinball.javaproject&hl=en
amazon app store: http://www.amazon.com/farsight-studios-pinball-arcade/dp/b0084hdg8y
steam (for pc and mac): http://store.steampowered.com/app/238260/
ps4
   version should be releasing mid march
mike lindsey
   community manager|
   farsight studios
    
   


return to top








21 chester place: the real addams family house







return to top
       

    
  





jib jab addams family movies starring you





return to top
       

    
  





amazing sculpture








greg maraio sent these wonderful pictures of a
  recently completed 
  sculpture of mortica addams. the likeness is incredible.
  the makeup was done by dash and dazzle.
contact greg at gvmaraio@aol.com
 

return to top



 



addams family themed cartoon from
  scott hilburn's the argyle sweater

see more the argyle sweater

return to top









original art by bob bentovoja

bob worked for the studios during the 1960's and 70's. he produced
  works based on many of the tv shows on the air during that period. thanks to
  greg for connecting with addamsfamily.com and bring us a piece of tv
  history. 
copyright © bob bentovoja

bob also provided information
  about the giraffe in the suit portrait that hangs on the set. 






            the painting was done by karl hubenthal.
            
            take a look at the
          
            
 karl hubenthal
            site. 
          
            

            (opens in a new window)


return to top




youtube treasures
            


lurch on batman

             
            


return to top





google honors charles addams 100th
  birthday

  this doodle ran for 24 hours on january, 7th 2012. the banner appeared on google's sites in austrailia, united
  states and england.




            click on image to view an animated video posted on youtube
            (opens in new window)


read more:
washington post: charles
            addams google doodle: spooky 'addams family' logo celebrates macabre
            ...
pc world: google
            honors 'graveyard guru' charles addams with doodle
houston chronicle: addams
            family plies its musical charms
nj.com: google
            salutes cartoonist charles addams | nj.com
cnet.co.uk: charles
            addams celebrated with google doodle | cnet uk
wired.com: google
            doodle honors macabre cartoonist charles addams on his
            100th birthday

search google: addams
            google doodle

            addamsfamily.com thanks google and the tee and charles addams
            foundation.
  

 
return to top
 

  




  the 
 addams family musical
   hits the road











click here: to view the tour schedule 




              i recommend that you go to the site for some great historical
              information about charles addams, the addams family and some of
              charles addams original cartoons.  meet the cast and see
              charles addams' works presented with narration.



  return to top





photographer
richard fish's widow donates work for oviatt library exhibition
rare color photos of the addams family tv sets


the addams family set, photographed by richard
  fish

one of the most popular displays in the exhibit is of the addams family set.
ï¿½i have seen quite a few students looking up at all the photographs and
especially at the addams family photoï¿½s, everybody remembers that show,ï¿½
said marianne afifi, associate dean at the oviatt library.
 it has images of the different sets and characters from the
black-and-white tv show.  this assignment for tv guide magazine allowed the
public to see the show in color for the first time.

excerpted  from the daily sundial by marina
d. sandoval, january 27th, 2011

the richard fish exhibit was scheduled to run from nov. 1, 2010 through january
30th, 2011

thanks to robert stone


return to top


cousin
  itt sounds from david robert wooten
  itt.mp3
thanks to david for submitting these
  samples.



return to top





vic mizzy, composer of the addams family theme passes at age 93.



  october 20, 2009.

  you may not know vic mizzy's name, but you know his works. vic mizzy wrote many of the iconic tv themes of the 1960s and 70's.. perhaps
  his most memorable theme song is the addams family theme, he also wrote the theme for green acres, starring eddie albert and eva
  gabor.  vic mizzy also scored many of don knott's movies. addamsfamily.com sends our condolences to the mizzy family and friends.

 read his obituary from the la times:

http://www.latimes.com/news/obituaries/la-me-vic-mizzy20-2009oct20,0,1713293.story 
vic mizzy jan. 9, 1916 - oct. 20, 2009

return to top


addams family musical
 announcment


   
  the tee & charles addams foundation

http://charlesaddams.com

press release: http://www.charlesaddams.com/news2.html
elephant eye theatrical http://www.elephanteye.com/

return to top














volume 1
volume 2
volume 3



check your local video store

  addams family dvd set details
  updated 08/07/06

the addams family tv series has been released in 3 volumes. you can buy them individually or as a box set.
  the first volume will contain 20-22 episodes and a bonus disc.
  look for volume 1 to be release tuesday, october 24th.

the addams family tv series will be on dvd.
    these will be the only officially licensed set of dvds.

if you find dvds available on the web, please notify jon@addamsfamily.com
    or the tee & charles addams foundation at info@addamsfoundation.org
thanks to joseph van patten and to the

enter the gift shop
http://www.charlesaddams.com/giftshop.html

and show your appreciation of charles
    addams' work.
    
return to top




       
 08/27/06
              addams family dvd publicity photos  










family 
morticia
gomez
fester


2498x3002
                      656k
2186x3050
                      451k
2173x3058
                      478k
2450x2865
                      353k


avatars













these are high quality scans that
              have been provided by fox home entertainment.
              please do not distribute, sell, reprint, or otherwise use these
              images for any commercial purposes without the express permission
              of fox home entertainment.

              they are intended for the personal enjoyment of addams family
              fans.

              thank you to fox home entertainment for providing these images

              for rights and permissions contact:

              fox home entertainment
              2121 avenue of the stars, #3047
              los angeles, ca 90067

return to top




book news & reviews




  new book

  
  the addams family: eviloution
  
  




pomegranate press



doug ogg of 
  ogg's world (click to visit ogg's world) 
  has written a review of a new biography of 
  charles
  addams by linda h. davis


  click to view the cover (1mb
  graphic)

 read
              doug's review


  i finished reading it and i recommend it to all addams family
  fans.
  - jon davis, webmaster, addamsfamily.comlisten
  to an interview with linda h. davis conducted for afternoon magazine on will-am
  radio.  10/24/06

return to top










got
        trivia?
ask thing!

 

 


option: 

 
        or 
 
        and

case:

 
        insensitive
 
        sensitive




    searching for "fester" or "addams" will yield a large
    number of results.  most things can be found in the faq 
    and the  history  pages.



















  
    


m&ms  commercial uses the addams family
              to promote m&ms dark chocolate. 



m&m's dark tv ad
used with permisssion



return to top








addams family movie 



train layout

thanks to mr. monster for providing this image.
click on the image to open in a new window


return to top













  e-mail
felix silla (cousin itt) of the original addams family. 
felix silla's website 
the worlds of felix silla




nicole fugere, michael roberds, and ken weatherwax have closed their e-mail accounts.










a bio of  charles addams  written by ron
maccloskey, from westfield, new jersey, charles addams home town.
opens in a new window.






addams family video slot machine
 from international game technology (igt).



igt has released a new video slot machine based on the original series.  look for it on your next trip to las vegas, atlantic city or where ever gambling in legal.  i'd love to have one for my game room.






rate the unofficial addams family world wide web site at zeal.com 




























addams family reunion













click to downoad
 real player









addams family reunion 
 press release.




    cast list of the new addams family.


























pages
|cartoons|tv series|movies|tv sights|

|movie sights|sounds|history|faq|links|collectibles|









this site is honored & proud to have been selected

by point communications as one of the...

top 5% of all web sites

and

 
 tv net's site of the week for july 7th.-13th., 1996.   now zap2it.com

awarded the food for thought  award november 10th, 1996.




reviewed in the premier issue of    web guide magazine

password pick  for june 1998, 
 classic monsters magazine

 since
1995. 

addamsfamily.com
 

 contact
the webmastermail


 family members click
here:
private site login required


























copyright © 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004;2010
 jon a. davis.

all rights reserved. all copyrights and/or trademarks belong to their respective holders.
the content of this site is intended for personal ejoyment.
thanks to the tee and charles addams
foundation for their support.














