













		las vegas valley water district official website
	







skip navigation

las vegas valley water district

 site search   menu 


 search the site
















 contact us home
pay bill start/stopservice conservation

















customer service quick links



log in to my account


chat with us


pay bill


report water waste


start/stop service


contact us
















protect your water service line
starting in january, water district account holders can opt for a protection program with american water resources for just $3.99/month, covering leak repairs from the meter to your house.
⭐bonus: lvvwd will reimburse the first year of protection for the first 50,000 account holders who enroll with awr! (terms apply.)
get program details






















find your schedule get watering tips























how can we help you today?
i am a resident i am a business i am an engineer/developer




save water, save money
get paid to replace your grass with desert plants and trees, and upgrade your home with smart technologies that will help keep you water smart.
get cash for grass
other rebates and coupons




get help with leaks
learn how to track down leaks in your home and find out if you qualify for financial assistance through our leak adjustment and reimbursement programs.
find and fix leaks
customer assistance programs




your water is safe
las vegas’s drinking water meets or surpasses all safety standards. in fact, our water is tested more thoroughly than most bottled water.
water quality reports
water quality faqs






view online payment and account faqs
learn how to understand your bill
get tips for a high water bill
download the lvvwd mobile app
subscribe to seasonal watering reminders
learn about water testing and treatment
get pool and spa tips
learn how to identify lvvwd employees
view job openings








replace useless grass now
commercial, multi-family, and other properties are required to remove purely decorative grass by the end of 2026. don’t wait until the last minute to act! get started now!
about the useless grass law




it pays to be water smart
improve your bottom line today! receive substantial cash incentives and reduce your monthly expenses by upgrading to water-efficient technologies and participating in conservation programs for businesses.
business incentives and programs




stop irrigation runoff
water waste is prohibited by law. avoid costly fines for your business by fixing leaks and correcting irrigation issues quickly. do not allow water to flow or spray off your property onto sidewalks and streets!
more about water waste






start or stop water service
understand your water bill
view service rules 
do business with lvvwd 
learn about the supplier diversity program
learn about water efficient technologies








permits, inspections, and more
attention developers, engineering firms and contractors: get help to plan, design and construct water systems for new developments, building renovations, and public works and utility projects.
engineering and construction resources




water theft is illegal
contractors and developers are responsible for ensuring their employees, agents and subcontractors use approved metering and backflow devices to access water for construction activities.
learn more about water theft






access and submit digital plans
obtain building permit approval
view easement forms
view bid opportunities
get udacs/cad design information
view project planning guidelines



























las vegas is a global leader in water conservation
the las vegas valley gets about 90 percent of its water from the colorado river, which is facing the worst drought in the river basin's recorded history.
thanks to the adoption of innovative programs and water conservation measures, las vegas has reduced the community’s colorado river consumption and significantly reduced the impact of new development on our water supply.
with no end to the drought in sight, however, achieving further reductions in water use has taken on a new sense of urgency.
learn more about drought and conservation measures



one of the nation's most reliable water systems
for more than a half century, the water district and its customers have been investing in one of the nation's most reliable water delivery systems. that investment has paid off. instances of water main breaks in southern nevada are below the national average and our water system has an efficiency rating that is considered world-class.
explore how water gets to your tap







like. 👍 share. 🔁 follow. ➕ subscribe. 🔔 connect with lvvwd online!






























las vegas valley water district







 back to top 


subscribe to our newsletter! sign up


 facebook 
 x 
instagram
youtube
 linkedin 


a not-for-profit water utility




contact us
privacy policy
accessibility policy
español




copyright © 2025 las vegas valley water district
1001 south valley view blvd.
las vegas, nevada 89153
702-870-2011
800-252-2011






