




health one staffing – travel nursing australia


































 







skip to content


info@healthonestaffing.com
about us
contact us
privacy policy










 



 home
about us
contact us
 














 
what is travel nursing?what is travel nursing?what exactly is a travel nurse? well, it isn’t any different from regular nurses. travel nurses are those registered who come from different clinical backgrounds,..
read moretravel nursing in queenslandtravel nursing in queenslandunlike regular nurses who are employed for as long as they and the employers want, travel nursing involves filling up temporary posts ranging from an average of two to 26 weeks. however, the most prevalent length of contract...
read moretravel nursing in new south walestravel nursing in new south walesnurses provide care and support for patients from all walks of life, regardless of where they come from. for new south wales having the highest population among all the states in australia,..
read moretravel nursing in western australiatravel nursing in western australiait may just seem that travel nurses’ role isn’t as important as it actually is just because they are just fill-in employees. however, they are definitely more than that. because of the rampant shortage of the supply of nurses...
read more 



 



blog 







 


travel nursing in western australia

december 8, 2023december 12, 2023connor diaz 


it may just seem that travel nurses’ role isn’t as important as it actually is just because they are just fill-in employees. however, they are definitely more than that.
because of the rampant shortage of the supply of nurses compared to the ever-growing demand, legislation in various states has been passed to keep the ratio in check. however, there seem to be not enough of these professionals that come out of schools, hence, the need to get them from other sources.
in short, travel nurses are a very effective solution to the problem of maintaining the nurse-patient ratio to a healthy level that can lead to lower patient mortality, as well as increased patient safety.
also, expect nurses to come from different backgrounds in terms of education, practices, and experiences. with this, it is advantageous to be welcoming travel nurses every now and then as they can share their unique knowledge with the constant rotation of staff in healthcare facilities.
living conditions and opportunities in western australia
if you are taking into account the living conditions, opportunities, weather, and what rest and recreation a place has in store before moving in for work, western australia has a lot of nice things to offer. in fact, wa can provide both city and urban lifestyles.
first is the world-class food and wine. this part of the country has become one of the melting pots of different cultures mainly due to migration. with this, expect to find different cuisines and cooking styles to cater to the multicultural population. so regardless of your country of origin, you’ll find something that matches your palate.
second, if travelling for leisure and learning new things is your hobby, rich cultural history, various tourist attractions that include interesting wildlife, incredible nature, diverse landscapes, vibrant arts, and the likes are some of the things that this place can offer to quench your thirst for new knowledge and experience.
third, the climate in the region can be contrasting, depending on where you are situated. the northern part is tropical but summer rainfall is not uncommon. on the other hand, the southern part is considered a mediterranean climate or having hot and dry summers and cool and wet winters.
lastly, compared to some eastern states, much of western australia itself is considered more affordable. however, it’s worth noting that perth can be expensive, especially during mining booms. i did part-time work in perth pressure cleaning in order to keep a roof over my head! 
with all the comfort and convenience that a prosperous region brings, quality education and world-class healthcare cannot be far behind. however, despite all the efforts to maintain the patient care quality, the shortage of nurses still continuously hounds the health sector, hence, the need for travel nurses.
healthcare services in western australia


with western australia’s size, it covers almost one-third of the country, with the concentration of the population is around perth and fremantle. in fact, wa has less than a third of the population of australia’s largest state, new south wales. however, because the state gives importance to farming and natural resources, there are still many people who live in remote rural areas.
while some may find living and working in remote areas of wa appealing, access to health services, more often than not, can be more challenging as compared to when you are in the city proper. in the same way, healthcare professionals such as nurses find it hard to like being assigned to remote areas because they find the lack of other forms of recreation after exhausting work shifts, especially that they are away from their families and friends, as the deal breaker. hence, there’s a need for attractive incentives to convince them to accept the posts.
also, there’s a misconception that being assigned in the remote areas of wa can be boring and may appear as something that will not make you grow in your career or will not improve your knowledge and experience.
however, that is entirely wrong. there are actually six large regional hospitals and many country hospitals offering a variety of health services scattered within wa. 
the wa country health service is in charge of providing healthcare services for the residents in the remote areas of the region. but some have to share the resources and nursing personnel to meet the demands at the local level.
then there’s rural health west which ensures that the rural and remote communities in the region have readily available access to high-quality health services. this is actually funded by the australian government department of health, as well as the aged care and wa country health service.
another government-supported health service provider, the royal flying doctor service offers outreach services via its aeromedical care that include:

dental services
disability services
emergency medical flights
flight nursing
help for carers
integrated health and aged care services
maternal, child, and youth health
medical chests
rural and remote general practice clinics
telehealth

this ensures that patients can be reached anywhere across the massive expanse of western australia, which is considered one of the largest and even one of the most remote health jurisdictions on earth.







 


travel nursing in new south wales

november 23, 2023december 12, 2023connor diaz 


nurses provide care and support for patients from all walks of life, regardless of where they come from. for new south wales having the highest population among all the states in australia, it is easy to run short of healthcare professionals to attend to everyone who needs their services, reducing the overall quality.
hence, the role of travel nurses is crucial in making sure that patient care is at its optimum level. their field of expertise is an exciting career with some of the nicest rewards in terms of opportunities for growth in knowledge and experience, and also a chance to travel to many places.
living conditions and opportunities in nsw
new south wales is considered one of the more expensive states to live in and do business in australia, particularly if you choose or are assigned to its capital, sydney, or nearby. when i worked as a travel nurse in nsw, it took me a while to find my feet. i went back to my old trade of powerwashing for a while, joining the great team at parramatta pressure cleaning. i liked the area, so i was pleased to soon get a role at the nearby westmead hospital.
sydney boasts of some of the finest beaches in the country. and if you love to bask in the sun, it can have up to 300 days’ worth of sunshine in a year. although neighbouring queensland has to take the prize for beach capital of australia!
besides its thriving economy, sydney, just like any city, is full of establishments for dining as well as bars. as expected, being australia’s financial and economic capital, business and career opportunities are also abundant.
the thriving industries in nsw include healthcare, it, finance, mining, engineering, and trade. taking into account the lifestyle you need to live in in this state, the salary you will be offered takes into account the fact that you will be spending much if you stay in this area.
however, there seems to be more shortage of nurses in the remote areas of the state, not only due to the actual scarcity but also the actual avoidance of being assigned in these types of locations. hence, the government is offering sizable incentives, even doubling the previous figures to lure nurses to take the posts or to convince them to stay, especially those with critical roles in the rural areas that are so hard to fill.
nsw regional and rural local health districts


with an estimated population of around 8.2 million in 2023, having three-fourths of these living within the cities of sydney, newcastle, and wollongong makes it far from the ideal healthcare setup. however, the fact that a lot of career and business opportunities are settled within these major cities makes it the target location of many professionals, particularly those in healthcare – leaving those coastal cities and remote communities undermanned.
nsw has health districts that are responsible for healthcare services in remote areas and metropolitan tertiary centres. a number of state-wide health services also support these regional communities.
central coast
the central coast local health district (cclhd) takes care of this area’s population of around 350,000 (2019) scattered in its 1,853 sq. km. jurisdiction. cclhd operates a range of health services that include a hospital and health care facilities, making sure of the community’s well-being.
far west
the far west local health district (fwlhd) covers the remote nsw measuring 194,949 sq. km. that borders three states. despite its massive size, it only has an approximately 30,000 population, with about 12% being aboriginal residents. unfortunately, the numbers are declining due to morbidity in relation to chronic illness and lifestyle, so this situation is what the district is trying to address.
hunter new england
the hunter new england local health district is in charge of this region of 131,785 sq. km. in size, with approximately 970,000 population. hnelhd has been collaborating with some health organisations for the continuous improvements of the district’s health infrastructure and services.
illawarra shoalhaven
this tiny area of 5,687 sq. km. along the coast from helensburgh to north durras is under the care of the illawarra shoalhaven local health district. with an estimated population of 404,000, the islhd is committed to improving its healthcare system and has recently launched the latest suite of recruitment videos aimed to attract cream-of-the-crop talents to join the team. 
mid north coast
for this 11,335 sq. km. district, the mid north coast local health district is the one looking after the 226,000 residents’ health and well-being. the mnclhd provides healthcare via seven public hospitals, as well as twelve health centres.
murrumbidgee
with an estimated population of 245,200 population residing across 125,243 sq. km., community healthcare is being overseen by the murrumbidgee local health district. mlhd manages a network of health facilities that include 33 public hospitals and 12 health community centres. these are run by a total of 3,800 staff and backed up by 33 local health advisory committees, together with its volunteers.
northern nsw
for this northern region of the state, the northern nsw local health district (nnswlhd) takes charge of the healthcare affairs. its scope spans a total of 20,732 sq. km. occupied by residents of around 305,000. it ensures the delivery of quality healthcare through state-of-the-art facilities and easy access to doctors, be they generalists or specialists.
southern nsw
at the south is the southern nsw local health district which runs the healthcare system of over 211,000 residents occupying 44,534 sq. km. of territory. the snswlhd is passionate about pursuing the highest quality of healthcare service and encouraging the community to live a healthy lifestyle by providing them with personalised care and positive experience.
western nsw
for the district that spans 247,000 sq. km. and is inhabited by almost 280,000 residents, its western nsw local health district (wnswlhd) has introduced innovative programs to improve the healthcare services of its constituents. this is being carried out through different approaches to integrated care and partnering with various health providers to ensure coordinated care to the community.







 


travel nursing in queensland

november 16, 2023december 12, 2023connor diaz 


unlike regular nurses who are employed for as long as they and the employers want, travel nursing involves filling up temporary posts ranging from an average of two to 26 weeks. however, the most prevalent length of contract is between four and six weeks.
what they usually cover are positions vacated by nurses on their annual leave and those under maternity leave. but the fact that there really is a long-standing nurse shortage in australia cannot be ignored. this is especially the case of those healthcare facilities in remote towns in some regions where travel nurses are even offered full-time nurse roles and not just short-term substitutes.
the reason for the shortage outside the major cities is understandable because not many nurses would want to be assigned to a small remote town or island with a very small population and without many establishments that they can enjoy to unwind in after an exhausting duty. hence, agencies are offering their best benefits to lure these nurses to accept the posts.
why choose travel nursing in queensland?
if you are wondering what is so special about queensland that can make you want to choose to work there? there are actually plenty of things this state has to offer for a travel nurse. but overall, what are the things to look forward to in this region considered to have the fastest growing population?
queensland is a very diverse state that boasts stunning coastlines, rugged outback, as well as tropical rain forests. the temperature is basically warm, which is a true characteristic of tropical weather that it has.
the further you go up north, the more humid the climate gets and tropical rain is also expected from time to time, even in summer. however, they are usually in short bursts.
if you want to see snow in queensland, it might be quite a stretch as it rarely happens. but it doesn’t mean it isn’t possible.
if you plan to drive, take note that queensland and actually the entire of australia uses the left side of the road and vehicles are right-hand drive. road rules vary from state to state, so if you’re frequently moving assignments, it pays to familiarise yourself with the slight difference. however, wherever you are in the country, wearing seatbelts all the time is a must.
it is also worth noting that from october to april, queensland will be behind by 1 hour compared to other east coast areas. this is because the state doesn’t use daylight saving time.
amazing regions of queensland
queensland is the second largest state in australia in terms of land area, after western australia, with an area of 1.853 million km². so, can you imagine how massive the options are on where to be assigned because each one of these has a lot to offer? it is divided into 14 regions, which are listed below, together with the cities and towns that they are composed of (local government areas), and what they are famous for.
brisbane 
this is queensland’s capital city and was ranked as the top sports city in australia. consequently, it will be home to the 2032 olympic games. it is comprised of logan, ipswich, moreton bay, and redland lgas. i owe a lot to paul of presha cleaning who let me land on my feet, providing the best roof cleaning brisbane has to offer, until i found my way into the qld health system.
gold coast


this lone gold coast’s lga is the one that has jurisdiction over one of the top holiday destinations in australia. this is due to its stunning beaches, surfing paradise, and theme parks, among other forms of travel destinations.
central west
central west queensland is comprised of boulia, barcaldine, and longreach lgas. it is known for its warm and dry climate and breathtaking landscapes and also a multi-million-dollar agriculture industry that includes beef, fruit, grain, and cotton production.
darling downs 
this region is famous for both its natural and heritage attractions such as goomburra state forest, the queen mary falls, cunninghams gap, and spicers gap. it is comprised of goondiwindi, southern downs, toowoomba, and western downs lgas.
far north queensland 
the majority of the tourists visiting this region are most likely heading to see the great barrier reef. cairns, cassowary coast, mareeba, napranum, tablelands, and weipa are the lgas that form part of this awesome side of queensland.
fitzroy
the fitzroy natural resource management (nrm) region is the largest of its kind in the great barrier reef region and the largest river catchment within it. banana, central highlands, gladstone, and rockhampton are its lgas.
mackay
this region is composed of isaac, whitsunday, and mackay lgas, which are located at the mouth of the pioneer river. it is australia’s sugar industry centre and also a producer of dairy products, alcohol, and lumber.
north west queensland
if you are up for the off-the-beaten-track experience where you can enjoy cultural heritage sites and fossil sites, as well paddle down the majestic lawn hill gorge, then, visit this side of queensland. its burke, carpentaria, cloncurry, flinders, mckinlay, mount isa, and richmond lgas offer a lot of attractions for you to enjoy.
northern queensland
with it comprising of burdekin, charters towers, and townsville lgas, you can also explore this region’s snorkel and dive sites, enjoy its spectacular waterfalls, cycle or hike, go white-water rafting, or even skydive. this place never runs out of good things to offer.
south west queensland
this region comprised of maranoa and roma lgas is known for its fresh produce, fine wines, and gorgeous wildflowers. it is also famous for its different industries such as opal mining, cattle grazing, and cotton farming, and it’s also rich in oil and gas deposits.
sunshine coast
noosa and sunshine coast lgas’ stunning beaches with surfing locations, as well as their heritage-listed national parks and lush rainforests will never cease to amaze tourists and locals alike. with pristine waters come a bounty of fresh seafood which will give you a unique dining experience, paired with wines from its breweries.
west moreton
consisting of lockyer valley, scenic rim, and somerset lgas, west moreton offers an array of recreational and outdoor adventures that include water-based activities, hiking areas, and national parks. this region is defined mostly by its rich heritage, varying landscapes, and agricultural richness.
wide bay-burnett
bundaberg, fraser coast, gympie, north burnett, and south burnett lgas make up this stunning region. it is best known for its beautiful swimming and island-hopping spots which include lady elliot island, fraser island, and great sandy biosphere.







 


what is travel nursing?

november 12, 2023december 10, 2023connor diaz 


what exactly is a travel nurse? well, it isn’t any different from regular nurses. travel nurses are those registered who come from different clinical backgrounds, but instead of being directly employed by healthcare facilities like hospitals, clinics, and the likes, they work for independent staffing agencies.
typically, they are deployed to fill healthcare staff shortages on a temporary basis or under short-term contracts. they can be assigned anywhere in the country or even overseas. because it involves relocation and not a lot wants that, they are usually offered attractive compensations like higher paychecks than the industry standards, housing allowances and the actual cost of relocation are covered.
how to become a travel nurse in australia?
if you are a registered nurse residing in another country but like to travel and practise your profession overseas, how do you want to become a travel nurse in australia? if interested, here are the qualifications you need to possess:
minimum educational attainment
you need to have a degree in bachelor of nursing from an accredited university.
mandatory registration
you need to have a current nursing registration under the australian health practitioner regulation agency (ahpra). it is a national organisation that is in charge of australia’s public health and safety.
getting registered under ahpra by following a comprehensive process that includes background checks, training, and identification of applicable experiences in the chosen field is crucial to being allowed to work in the country.
experience
an experience of at least two years as a registered nurse is a must. this guarantees that the candidate has the necessary knowledge and skills to handle different health situations and challenges. this also ensures that a new working environment won’t be intimidating, which can affect the workflow and affect patient service.
additional certifications and qualifications
you might also be required to present some certifications as proof of your qualification to take on specific designations that you need to fill in, especially those that are considered very crucial roles. take for example being assigned to the emergency or trauma department, or perhaps the icu where you might be asked to present certain types of training certificates.
responsibilities of travel nurses
regardless of the healthcare settings that you are assigned to, be it hospitals, clinics, or other health facilities, travel nurses in any parts of australia are expected to deliver the following responsibilities:

be willing to travel to different areas where patient care is badly needed.
administer prescribed medicines and vaccines, and check vital signs such as blood pressure, weight, respiration rate, pulse rate, blood oxygen, and blood glucose level.
monitor patients’ health, inspection of wounds, and changing dressing if necessary.
ensure that the patients’ room is sterile for their safety.
collaborate with doctors and other health professionals to ensure the best patient care.
complete patients’ charts and other reports.
educate patients and/or their families on how to take care of and monitor the patients’ health, plus some nutritional advice.
always practise professionalism and attention to detail, as well as show empathy and patience at all times.

opportunities for travel nurses in australia


there is a constant demand for nurses in australia that the local universities are having a hard time keeping up with, hence, agencies are in constant search for experienced and qualified ones. this ensures that there’s always an abundant demand for travel nurses, which makes it a practical but fulfilling career path.
australia is a very big country with many areas where travel nurses can be deployed. this means that you can expect to be assigned to different states, which makes it all the more exciting. unsurprisingly, the largest four ausralian states by population – new south wales, victoria, queensland, western australia – are also where the most travel nursing opportunities are.
what’s more cool with this setup is that it’s very flexible. you are allowed to choose a specific assignment that you really want to get.
add to that is the fact that you can have the liberty to choose the length of your contract depending on how long you want to stay in one location and move to the next. this will be particularly crucial in your accumulation of more knowledge and experience that you will carry on to your next place of duty, apart from being an additional ace up your sleeves as a professional.
salary / compensation
since travel nurses will sacrifice a lot of things to be one compared to regular nurses such as relocation, being deployed in high-demand places no one wants to work in, being placed in stressful departments that everyone wishes not to be assigned to, or being in ungodly shifts that many dread, you will be offered a higher salary than usual. rightfully so because you need to be compensated for the inconvenience of moving into a different place and being away from your family.
if the average compensation of a registered nurse annually is around $80,000, a travel nurse of the same scope of work can receive an average of $96,000. this could be higher depending on the actual conditions of the workplace and the workload. for instance, a travel dialysis nurse can earn up to $130,000 per year.
this could also depend on the employer or agency, as well as the actual location of the facility you will work in. if you are assigned to major cities in australia like sydney or melbourne, you will be getting more, mainly due to the cost-of-living factor.
having said that, the cost of relocation and housing are typically shouldered by the agency through reimbursements and not given to you outright. therefore, you need to have a budget for these beforehand, particularly if you are assigned to places with a higher cost of living. however, be sure to make this clear from them before signing any contract.







searchsearchrecent poststravel nursing in western australia
travel nursing in new south wales
travel nursing in queensland
what is travel nursing?
recent commentsno comments to show.





archives december 2023
november 2023
categories main

 





© 2025 health one staffingtheme by puro  













