
          home | rosen plaza® hotel    

            


         
skip navigationsearchsubmit search query


















previous slide



next slide
check hotel availability local: (407) 996.9700 reservations: (800) 627.8258 more inforeservations: (800) 627.8258accommodations
accessibility
dining
meetings
weddings
specials
 more info

holiday events in orlando
about us
location & transportation
gallery
hotel recreation
orlando arts & entertainment
3nine – event venue
dining
press
blog
career opportunities
contact usarrival datearrival dateyour stay. our difference. rosen plaza®.located at the crossroads of convenience and distinction, rosen plaza® is orlando’s unforgettable choice for families to connect, couples to retreat and groups to discover their collaborative spirit. experience the rosen differenceⓡ with award-winning hospitality from our expert staff and see why rosen plaza® raises the bar for even the most well-seasoned traveler. rosen plaza® is embedded in the heart of orlando’s entertainment-rich international drive, minutes from area attractions and connected to the orlando county convention center. come…stay…and let us envelop you in extraordinary luxury with personalized service that only rosen plaza® can offer.see the serenitya restful night’s sleep has never felt — or looked — so good. sleek and contemporary, rosen plaza®’s tastefully-appointed guest rooms and suites offer all the comforts of your home away from home. ada compliant rooms are available and include the amenities necessary to meet the standards for accessibility. with sweeping views of the city skyline and attractions, our spacious guest rooms are a serene and stylish getaway.
more about us
choices to satisfy every appetiteorlando’s rosen plaza hotel creates the tastiest dishes to satisfy every appetite and palate for any time of the day and night. choose from fresh steaks and seafood at jack’s place restaurant or a more casual dining experience with a full menu and extensive buffets offered twice daily at cafe matisse. start your day with coffee and pastries at smoooth java. later, relax at our lobby bar or ’39 poolside bar & grille. 24-hour lite bite with hot and cold snacks complete your dining experience.
view all diningexperience an exclusive offer.
florida/georgia resident ratehey florida and georgia residents! treat yourself to a fabulous getaway at the rosen plaza hotel with an exclusive 15%...

view offer 
let fashion drive youget in the driver’s seat with this orlando vacation getaway special that highlights cruising and world-class shopping.

view offer 
return to rosenup to 5% credit back to master account

view offer 
rosen sleepover for the causeenjoy a night away while supporting a great cause. your stay at rosen plaza hotel can make a difference in...

view offer 
sunday brunch at ’39 poolside bar & grillsunday from 11:00am - 3:00pm. this isn’t your average mid-morning meal

view offer 
rosen aquatic & fitness center on international drive members special dining discountexperience the flavors that define dining at the rosen plaza® hotel and enjoy exclusive discounts for rosen aquatic & fitness...

view offer 


view all offerswelcome back to rosen and orlando!
connect with the beautythe true beauty of our orlando hotel lies in the hands of our associates. the genuine, warm smiles who greet you. the excellent service everyone receives. we’re excited to share with you what makes us authentically the rosen plaza hotel.
watch more videosharris rosen, founder

orlando event or meetingideally located on orlando’s international drive, rosen plaza hotel is adjacent to the orange county convention center and across the street from the pointe orlando shopping and entertainment complex. our expert staff, well-appointed accommodations and state-of-the-art facilities make our hotel central florida’s premier meetings destination.
meetings & eventsstart planning your...

rosen plaza weddingswhether you’re looking for something classic and elegant or intimate and secluded, orlando’s rosen plaza hotel is here to make your dream a reality.
weddingsdining
hotel recreation
careers
holidays
press
location & transportation
accessibility
contact ussubscribe to our newsletter  email*
unsubscribe from our email list.* requirednamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.  










  connect with rosen plaza















© 2022 rosen plaza® hotel, 9700 international drive, orlando, florida 32819 | reservations (800) 627-8258 | meetings (800) 366-9700terms of use
privacy policy
dog policy           we use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features, advertising content and to analyze the use of our website.
you may disable cookies, but please know that some features of this site may not be available.
for more information about the cookies we use please see our current privacy policy. continued use of this website is consent to receive cookies. acceptprivacy & cookies policy


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.


necessary	

necessary
always enabled
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.

non-necessary	

non-necessary
any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
save & accept
accessibility


b&c


contrasts dark 


contrasts white


stop movement


readable font


underline links
a
a
acancel accessibility 

provided by:
                               