







welcome to puerto rico! history, culture and travel information


















































skip navigation






☰


about puerto rico
people and culture
where to go
what to do
plan your trip








puerto rico, discover a magnificent and unique island, full of adventures and experiences
puerto rico, officially known as the commonwealth of puerto rico (estado libre asociado de puerto rico), is an 
unincorporated territory of the united states, located in the northeastern caribbean, east of the 
dominican republic and west of both the u.s. virgin islands and the british virgin islands.

puerto rico is only 100 miles long by 35 miles wide, making it the smallest island of the greater antilles.  
puerto rico (spanish for "rich port") consists of an archipelago that includes the main island of puerto rico 
and several islands: vieques, culebra,  mona and numerous islets. 


find more information about

puerto rico is a vibrant and culturally rich island with a diverse range of attractions and features. to learn more about what makes the island magnificent and 
unique, consider exploring the following topics:









attractions
explore hundreds of activities and attractions for all ages and budgets. puerto rico is a great place to explore, the possibilities are endless.










history
discover puerto rico's rich history, detailed in a timeline that spans over the last 500 years.











people

the people of puerto rico is characterized by a rich blend of cultural and racial diversity, shaped by centuries of historical influences, immigration, and 
cultural assimilation. 










cuisine
puerto rican cuisine is rich and flavorful, reflecting a blend of indigenous, spanish, african, and caribbean influences. 
dishes that are sure to tantalize your taste buds.


 








facts and figures
puerto rico at a glance

puerto rico pronunciation:
por • tuh ree • kow


capital: san juan, located on the north east of the island.

location: caribbean, island between the caribbean sea and the north atlantic ocean, 
east of the dominican republic.

coordinates: 18°15'n, 66°30'w

climate: tropical marine, average temperatures year round between
80 °f (26.7 °c) and 70 °f (21.1 °c).

seasons in puerto rico
rainy season - april through november
dry season - december through march
hurricane season - june to november

time zone: atlantic standard (utc - 4:00)



 currency: united states dollar (usd) $

population: 
3,019,450 (2024 est.)

nationality: puerto rican

primary ethnicity: hispanic

ethnic composition: 
white (hispanic) (42.7%), other (hispanic) (23.9%), two+ (hispanic) (23.2%), black or african american (hispanic) (8.63%), and white (non-hispanic) (0.831%) (2022 est.)


national anthem: la borinqueña

language: spanish and english are the official languages of puerto rico.

government: democracy, republic

total area: 9,104 sq km (3,515 sq mi) 






explore the cities of puerto rico

coamo



coamo is the third-oldest town in puerto rico, established by spanish settlers and founded on july 15, 1570. highlights of the town's include the historical 18th-century church of san blas de illescas located on the center plaza, considered one of the most important works of religious architecture in puerto rico. 


ponce



with a population of 194,636, ponce is puerto rico's second largest city. the heart of ponce dates from the late 17th century and has been declared a national treasure. it consists of plazas and churches and highly decorative colonial homes, some glorious fountains and a unique fire station. 


culebra



culebra is a popular weekend destination because of its many pristine and beautiful beaches. snorkelers wander through its coral kingdoms, nodding good-day to an astounding variety of sea creatures.











say hi!





my name is magaly rivera and i'm proud to be puerto rican.  i invite you to take some 
	time to explore the tropical island of puerto rico, 
	where you can find local exotic hideaways, miles of white sandy beaches, mountains 
	and valleys, and many other natural wonders. in addition to the natural splendors 
	you will find yourself surrounded by 500 years of history; and warm and friendly people.
	
within these pages you can find a wide scope of information pertaining to the 
	island, its culture and people, and every detail that makes puerto rico, a magnificent 
	and unique island. can't find something? send me a note.
	






did you know?
puerto rico has half the per capita income of america's poorest state, mississippi.




about puerto rico

history

geography
location

economy
government




people and culture

culture
people
puerto rican recipes
moving to puerto rico



where to go

cities
regions
travel maps



what to do

attractions
restaurants
events
send a postcard



plan your trip

practical information
getting to and around
why to visit
travel ideas











about this site
feedback
privacy and terms
advertise
site map
topic index 
fast facts



stay connected 



















copyright © 2025
magaly rivera.
all rights reserved. any duplication or distribution of the information contained herein is strictly 
prohibited. 
designed & developed by pencils and pixels



welcome.topuertorico.org/index.shtml

tuesday, february 18, 2025
















