




paintballing just up your street | paintball uk




























paintballing just up your street | paintball uk



































 





















home
centres
about+

day itinerary
about us
game zones
equipment
faqs


players+

kids
adults
stag & hen
team building
school & youth


prices
 
0208 629 0860
book online!












from only
£8.99

book now





















paintball near me








go






-- or --





 -- select a venue -- 
banbury
birmingham
bristol
cardiff
glasgow
hemel hempstead (north west london)
leeds (wakefield)
leicester
liverpool
maidenhead
manchester
newcastle
nottingham
orpington (bromley)
plymouth
southampton
surrey
upminster (east london)











simply enter your postcode to find your nearest paintball parks.
alternatively, choose the paintball park you would like to play at from the drop down list.


 













                why choose paintball uk?
            











safety
paintball uk is a five star accredited member of the ukpba (the largest paintball governing body in the uk). our centres also offer full liability insurance for your peace of mind.












game zones
find yourself in the heart of the action as you discover our world class, hollywood-inspired movie set game zones - complete with props from genuine silver screen film sets!












the vip experience
a-list celebrities such as manchester united footballer wayne rooney and pop sensation lily allen have played at our centres in the past. will you be the next vip through our gates?












20+ locations
paintball uk offers great value paintball days for kid's birthdays, stag and hen parties, work team building events and more. whatever the occasion, we've got it covered!






 








                paintball uk players
            











kids
parents! are you endlessly searching for healthy and rewarding ways to keep your kids entertained? fed up of their eyes being surgically attached to their computers or iphone screens? eager for them to create memories they’ll cherish forever?












adults
adult paintballing with paintball uk turns imagination into reality. whether you’re visiting with friends, family, teammates or colleagues, you can be sure to have a mind blowing experience at one of our five star accredited paintball centres.












stags & hens
stag! stag! stag! hen! hen! hen!great, now we’ve got your attention let’s tell you all about the benefits of booking an unforgettable stag do or hen party with paintball uk.












team building
work hard, play harder! your company relies on the dedication and commitment of its staff. that’s why it’s so important to give them the chance to let their hair down and blow off a little steam once in a while.












school & youth
calling all teachers, youth group leaders and parents! if you’ve been frantically scouring the web for affordable, safe, adrenaline fuelled activity days for kids then congratulations! you’ve finally arrived in the right place.


























0208 629 0860











ukpba

                                uk paintball association5 star accredited venue
                                










privacy policy
terms & conditions
 


copyright © 2025 | www.paintball.co.uk.
























































chat with us, powered by livechat

















chat with us, powered by livechat




