



	welcome to inside the park collectibles

































login
contact us









home

auction

view auction
auction rules
register to bid
past auctions


register to bid
store
login
ebay auctions
blog







title and description























welcome
welcome to inside the park collectibles web site. if you are new to our site, please take advantage of the many features that we offer. if you are a past visitor, we hope you like the new look of our home page.itpc has been in business for over 35 years specializing in vintage sports memorabilia with a heavy emphasis on display type pieces. we run anywhere from 6 to 8 auctions a year - always with our no buyer's premium and no hidden reserves policies in effect. it's fast an easy to register & bid. you can easily view past auction results by clicking on the auction tab at the top of the screen. for those of you who prefer direct purchases, we have an online store with plenty of memorabilia for sale.this site also features a blog that will have important information, hobby news, and articles pertaining to the type of memorabilia we love. we welcome you to share your thoughts & pictures with other collectors.





latest news
itpc is actively looking to purchase any vintage sports cards, non-sport cards, and pre-1970 sports memorabilia. we specialize in figural sports memorabilia such as hartland & kail statues, hall of fame busts, vintage bobbing heads, pins, pennants, autographed memorabilia, and, cards. if you are looking to sell any or part of your collection, please contact us at the following.
sports memorabilia 
call: 516-747-7932
text: 516-851-7741

read more

auction schedule
itpc is happy to announce that our winter 2025 sports memorabilia extravaganza is now open for bidding. it will close on friday february 21 at exactly 11:59 pm.  there will be no extended bidding- all of the auction lots will close at exactly 11:59 est that night. if you are the high bidder at that time- you win the lot.this auction will feature 300 quality lots- all being offered with our usual no buyer's premium and no hidden reserves policies in effect. auction highlights include many autographed items, hartland & kail statues, pins, programs, historis programs & tickets, and incredibel; selection of vintage bobbing heads and much more.there are some terrific lots that should appeal to both collectors and dealers. to view the auction, register & bid- please click the auction tab above. thanks and good luck if you decide to bid.
read more

show schedule
the winter extravaganza
january 17-19, 2025
westchester county center 
198 central ave. white plains, ny 10606


we will be bringing hundreds of items for direct sale including programs, yearbooks, tickets, media guides, vintage photos, and much more.


we will also be actively looking to purchase pre-1970 sports memorabilia. please let us know what you have.
















contact info



							10 churchill drive
                            new hyde park,
                            new york usa 11040
							516-747-7932
sharlou28@aol.com






auction

current auction
auction rules
register to bid
auction results
featured items





categories

what's new
bobbing heads
hartland statues
sports banks & figurals
see all items





about us

about itpc
contact us
store
view our blog
ebay auctions






subscribe to our newsletter

























© software copyright 2004-   |   simpleauctionsite   |    all rights reserved.














