
















































candela medical: medical aesthetic laser equipment | candela medical
















































english




                                                             english



                                                             french



                                                             german



                                                             italian



                                                             portuguese



                                                             spanish



                                                             simplified chinese



 japan



 korea



 china





visit patient/consumer website






contact

provider shop

portal


























products


portfolio of products


products by name


gentle pro™ series


glacē™


nordlys® series


matrix™


picoway®


vbeam perfecta®


vbeam prima®




products by treatment type


skin rejuvenation


gentle pro™ series


glacē™


nordlys® series


matrix™


picoway®


vbeam perfecta®


vbeam prima®




skin resurfacing


nordlys® series


matrix™




scars & stretch marks


picoway®


vbeam perfecta®


vbeam prima®




tattoo removal


picoway®




hair removal


gentle pro™ series


nordlys® series




vascular conditions


gentle pro™ series


nordlys® series


vbeam perfecta®


vbeam prima®




pigmented lesions


gentle pro™ series


picoway®


nordlys® series




microneedling


matrix™






technology


sublative™ rf - sublime™


elōs® technology






resources


on-demand webinars


articles and industry publications


clinical papers


blogs


podcasts


media spotlight


all resources




upcoming events


workshops


webinars


tradeshows


view all events




company


about candela


provider trainings


institute for excellence


laser training


candela academy




offices & distributors


commitment


service commitment


marketing commitment


clinical commitment




careers


press releases

















































a legacy of innovating medical aesthetic treatment solutions that change lives.

science. results. trust.
visit patient/consumer site















service maintenance and technical support



comprehensive service and technical support to keep your laser and light-based machines up and running.


service contact information










featured event

free vascular birthmarks laser clinics for adults and children
the vascular birthmarks foundation (vbf) is committed to ensuring that every patient gets fair and equal access to the latest treatment options for all vascular birthmarks, anomalies, and/or related syndromes.


read more










featured blog

facing melasma with picoway® laser
let’s face it. treating melasma is complicated. but, with the picoway® picosecond laser, it doesn’t have to be.


read more















savings are in the air!
take advantage of our limited-time offers* - available february 3-28, 2025 - usa and canada only.









usa and canada
buy one box of select sublative tips, get the 2nd box 30% off.* 
shop our candela store for limited-time savings that you’ll love, available february 3rd – 28th.
*must be the same products. no mix & match. offer is valid in the united states and canada only. offer expires february 28th, 2025, midnight pacific standard time. offer excludes cryogen and matrix pro cartridges. offer is valid at time of purchase and cannot be applied to previous purchases or any special offers. offer cannot be combined with any other offers, discounts, or services. offer is only on online shop inventory.
visit usa online store  visit canada online store













upcoming aesthetic events




no items to display. try another category.


webinar


 feb 18, 2025

asia pacific

mastering tattoo removal: unlocking the potential of the picoway

more info





workshop


 feb 20, 2025
ottawa - ontario, canada

north america

laser innovations mixer: a networking event for aesthetic enthusiasts


the westin ottawa - 11 colonel by drive ottawa, on k1n 9h4, canada

speaker(s)
hady hamade, rph
scott paviol, md
more info





workshop


 feb 22, 2025
everett, massachusetts, usa

north america

elevate your aesthetic practice: master emerging technologies and strategic marketing


encore boston harbor - 1 broadway, everett, ma 02149, usa

speaker(s)
tara delle chiaie msn, fnp-bc, aprn
meghan murphy, rn, bsn
scott gerrish, do
more info






view more












one team, one company, one vision.
welcome to candela
grounded in science. focused on results. building on a legacy of trust.
we are headquartered in the us out of marlborough, massachusetts. we also have offices in europe, asia pacific and distributors around the world.
building on our legacy of innovating laser and energy-based technologies that change lives, we continue our commitment to innovating medical aesthetic treatment solutions based on solid science and effective outcomes.
about candela




  








what's new




fast track to flawless: glx delivery system for the gentlemax pro plus® device

the authority in hair removal just got faster. with the glx delivery system for the gentlemax pro plus® device, accelerate your business with the fastest treatments yet, streamline workflow for improved efficiency, and increase patient throughput.







when using the gentlemax pro plus device with the glx delivery system*, you’ll be able to:1

eliminate applicator and fiber changes to speed treatments
streamline workflow for improved efficiency
gain up to 21% faster treatment time
increase patient throughput with 81% less time between patients
boost treatment power with higher fluence

if you're considering adding laser hair removal to your business or are an existing gentle pro™ series or other platform user, this is a perfect time to learn more about candela's most efficient and streamlined platform with the fastest treatments yet.
*available on all new gentlemax pro plus systems and as an upgrade to existing gentlemax pro plus platforms.
1. data on file, candela, 2024.

request more info








please submit your request

 

 




read more






manufacturer of the year award

candela has been honored with the prestigious manufacturer of the year award at the aesthetics awards, hosted by the renowned aesthetics journal. this award holds immense significance as it symbolizes unparalleled achievement and innovation within the aesthetics industry. determined through a rigorous process blending expert evaluation and public voting, it reflects candela’s commitment to excellence and advancement in aesthetic technology. the company takes immense pride in this recognition, which further affirms its dedication to providing the highest quality devices and service to the medical and aesthetic community.

view product portfolio






matrix™: the newest revolution in radio frequency (rf) microneedling

the all-new matrix rf microneedling machine has arrived! designed to correct, maintain, and restore skin at various stages of the aging journey, this multi-application system features the sublime™, sublative™ rf, and all-new matrix pro™ applicators. powered by dimensional rf™, this first-in-class system creates an entirely new category of medical aesthetic treatments that deliver multi-dimensional treatment outcomes.

learn more about the matrix system



















what sets candela apart?
your partnership from day one!
as a candela customer, you experience true partnership with our commitment to support you in service, marketing, and clinical.
service commitment   marketing commitment   clinical commitment
worldwide service maintenance
medical aesthetic laser, ipl, and light-based devices need maintenance over time to ensure ideal outcomes. proactive and preventative care of your devices can help avoid costly downtime, maintain patient safety, and deliver consistent, effective results.
service contact information











medical aesthetic product portfolio





nordlys® series





picoway®





gentle™ series





vbeam® perfecta





vbeam® prima





matrix™





glacē™











physician's perspective







we've offered complementary treatments with the sublative rf and matrix pro applicators and have seen improvement in the patient’s skin luminosity, texture, and overall skin appearance as soon as one-week post-treatment. the sublative rf applicator effectively resurfaces the skin, while the matrix pro applicator stimulates new collagen growth with a completely customized treatment. patient satisfaction has gone through the roof after receiving these complementary treatments.


scott gerrish, do
leading expert in regenerative medicine and esthetics





i have tried four different microneedling pens at my practice, both cosmetic and medical. my experiences varied; some were cheap, not fda-cleared, had cartridges that would skip, drag or break, were heavy, and/or were loud. the exceed medical microneedling device is my preferred choice! it’s ergonomic design and lightweight handpiece make it easier to handle, while the patented tilting plate glides nicely, allowing me to reach every inch of my patients’ face without dragging. in my opinion, it delivers optimal results with the best healing time.


tara delle chiaie, msn, fnp-bc, aprn
owner of delle chiaie cosmetic medicine





the matrix™ system and its matrix pro applicator take radiofrequency to a whole new level. the versatility of the matrix system, with its user-controlled depth and energy settings, allows the user to easily tailor treatment depths and the number of passes to accommodate each patient’s anatomy and comfort level. using only topical numbing, my patients have been extremely happy with their results and report low pain scores with minimal downtime.**


gilly munavalli, md, mhs, facms
board-certified dermatologist and fellowship-trained mohs surgeon





i’ve had the gentlemax pro laser system now for about ten years and we use it for a full range of skin types and hair types. it’s a very versatile device; we also use it for vascular malformations, even small angiomas; you can use it for telangientasias, you can use it for some forms of rosacea, even some port wine stains.
i would recommend the gentlemax pro laser system to my colleagues for lots of reasons, but primarily because it’s so reliable and powerful.


e. victor ross, md
dermatologist, scripps clinic, san diego, ca





the gentlemax pro device is a very versatile laser system for hair removal and more. it has two wavelengths, the 755 nm alexandrite and the 1064 nm nd:yag. the advantage of having both wavelengths in one system is that we can treat patients of all skin types and a broad range of hair types with one device.
the gentlemax pro laser system is also a great way to expand your practice. many patients who come in and experience hair removal with the system, then also become interested in treating other cosmetic concerns. this is not only true for women but for men as well. we have men who come in for treating hair on their backs and shoulders, and then realize they can benefit from other treatments such as brown spots and rosacea, really broadening treatment opportunities.


arielle kauvar, md
dermatologist, founding director of new york laser & skin care, ny





often laser hair removal brings patients into my practice; but the way you keep them in your practice, is number one, you provide a great service, so that means you deliver long lasting hair reductions. that’s why the gentlemax pro laser is so important because i get happy, satisfied patients that ultimately move on to other procedures which grows my aesthetic business. if you’re going to be offering any service, particularly laser hair removal, you have to choose the best, and the gentlemax pro system is the number one laser hair removal device on the market.


terrence keaney, md, faad
co-founder of skindc, washington dc





the picoway nd:yag laser allows us to treat a broader range of skin types and a wide array of tattoo ink colors. with the ultra-short picosecond pulse duration, there is less discomfort during treatment and faster healing. professional and multicolored tattoos are cleared in far fewer treatment sessions than with conventional q-switched lasers.


arielle n.b. kauvar, md
director, new york laser & skin care, usa





our vbeam perfecta is one of the main work horse lasers in our clinic. it is very easy to use and gives us reliable results for multiple conditions. proven technology and reliability of the results we get with the vbeam perfecta are the main reasons we use it so often, and the cryogen cooling allows very easy treatment of countered areas, such as the area around the nose


brian zelickson, md
director of the zel skin & laser specialists, edina, mn





the candela vbeam perfecta has a history of unparalleled results, proven patient satisfaction and versatility. i use the vbeam perfecta to treat an extremely wide range of conditions. the results, reliability and proven success of the vbeam perfecta cannot be beat.


eric bernstein, md, m.s.e.
founder of the main line center for laser surgery, ardmore, pa





the broad range of indications for pulsed-dye laser is so extensive, well tolerated, and provides clinically proven results. we find that in our clinical practice the vbeam lasers are used all day long.


roy geronemus, md
director of the laser &amp; skin surgery center of new york - new york, ny





my patients are seeing and feeling the difference, as well. they state the exceed device causes minimal discomfort and bruising, which allows me to give a more thorough treatment. i also have peace of mind knowing i am offering my patients the highest standard of care with a microneedling device that is fda-cleared for an effective and safe treatment.


girish munavalli, md, mhs, facms
medical director and founder of dermatology, laser & vein specialists of the carolinas














contact us


grow your business with candela
established in 1970 in the united states, candela has been a leading global aesthetic device company with a comprehensive portfolio of laser, ipl, radiofrequency, microneedling devices, and with a global distribution footprint.



 









resources

your go-to resource for learning about candela's professional laser, ipl, and rf microneedling devices for your medical aesthetic and medspa business



aesthetic blog

5 key strategies for launching a new technology into your practice

making the most of your launch takes careful planning and seamless execution. whether you’re adding the matrix™ radiofrequency microneedling device, your candela team is ready to help you maximize your launch to ensure a smooth integration before, during and after.


read more






clinical paper

matrix™ rf microneedling case spotlight
north america

learn how dr. gerrish uses the matrix™ rf microneedling device to deliver impressive results!


read more






on-demand webinar

the power of laser hair removal and beyond with gentle pro series™ and gentlemax pro plus®
an educational on-demand webinar with dr. schallen and registered nurse murphy. you will receive an overview of the gentle pro series and its distinction from diode lasers, including expanded offerings for treating benign pigmented and vascular lesions.


konika patel schallen, md
vice president of clinical operations
and medical director, candela



read more









social media

follow us



powered by curator.io




view our social media channels
instagram
facebook










not all products and indications are licensed in your country, please check with your local representative. all personal data submitted to candela via this website will be held in accordance with our privacy notice, which can be viewed here.








company


 contact us


 +1.800.733.8550


careers


patent


privacy policy


cookie policy


terms of use


purchasing terms and conditions






provider


portfolio of products


upcoming tradeshows


resources


institute for excellence


laser training info


offices & distributors






patient/ consumer


patient/consumer website


find a treatment provider






follow us

 
 
 
 

subscribe
  subscribe to receive our company's latest news, product and technology updates, and upcoming events.











® candela corporation. this website contains registered and unregistered trademarks, trade-names, service marks and brand names of candela corporation and its affiliates. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. all rights reserved.






                                        candela code of business ethics


                                        anti-corruption and anti-bribery policy


                                        do not sell or share my personal information (ccpa/cpra)


                                        data subject access request (dsar) form











to top







































