



 



nj hair salons nj day spas montclair - bangz salon & wellness spa




























































































shop
products



book
an appointment




order
gift cards


bangz gift cards


order online
order




call
bangz
(973) 746-8426


  cart
     
 973-746-8426










about

directions
gallery
press
special occasions
client appreciation
virtual tour


spa services

gold collection
spa packages
body treatments
skin care
hair removal
nail services


hair services

blowouts
haircutting
up-do’s
hair treatments
extensions
aqua hair extensions


chemical services

hair color
hilites & balayage
perms & keratins


make-up
bridal services
staff
bangz academy
contact us











award-winning 
salon & spa in montclair, nj 
bangz salon & wellness spa is an award-winning salon located in montclair and is recognized as the premier hair salon and spa in new jersey. in 2006, bangz relocated and renovated an old church into an oasis of beauty and serenity. learn more about us

 


indulge your senses 
oasis for the mind, body, and soul 
we are grateful that you have chosen bangz as your new home for beauty and wellness. all of us at bangz believe that it is you, our guest, that make our location a home for us. we hope that you will see, touch, and feel the depth of our passion as you enjoy a service or tour of the new bangz salon & wellness spa. view gallery

 


relax & unwind 
tranquility has arrived 
welcome to the spa at bangz salon & wellness spa. allow the sounds of falling water and tranquil music transport you to an oasis away from home. pamper yourself with any of our stress relieving massages, luxurious facials or a relaxing manicure and pedicure. view services

 







bangz on instagram @bangzmontclair








because a little change can go a long way!
a fres


 












money can’t buy happiness … but it can buy a b






copper hair is a season all it’s own! 
this cop


 





less than a week away to pamper that special perso


 





purple isn’t just a color, it’s a mood 💜
t


 





therapy is expensive … get a balayage instead! 







valentine’s day is right around the corner.  why






blonde today, envied tomorrow.
this gorgeous, bri






hairstylists: making bad hair days disappear since


 


 


load more...






 follow on instagram








news & events | view all news & events


 posted on january 08, 2025new salon hours!new year, new hours!!  as always, phone lines are live 30 minutes prior to opening.  if you need to contact… posted on january 07, 2025dermaplaning now available!we are happy to announce that we have now added dermaplaning to our menu of services available at the spa… posted on october 12, 2024celebrating 30 years!join us in celebrating! posted on july 24, 2024welcome tasha homan!bangz salon & wellness spa is thrilled to announce the addition of tasha homan to our team! she will be…


special occasions


let us help you prepare for your big day 

bangz salon & wellness spa has been the salon and spa of choice of brides for over a decade. we spend countless time and energy perfecting our up-do and make-up skills to ensure that you will look your best on your special day. allow us to tap into your inner beauty and enhance your wedding experience by taking care of all your beauty needs.
learn more

photo gallery 

looking for inspiration? browse our photo gallery showcasing our stunning salon & spa environment, talented stylists, and gorgeous client transformations.
see photos

 




about
spa services
hair services
chemical services
staff
gallery
careers
news & events
client appreciation
contact us
privacy policy
 

bangz salon & wellness center
23 s. fullerton ave
montclair, nj 07042
973-746-8426


© 2025 bangz salon and wellness spa. all rights reserved.





























