












ltrr | laboratory of tree-ring research


































jump to navigation
















 






search form
 search









 
 


homeaboutlab historyabout tree ringsdiversity, equity and inclusionresearchpast landscapes labtrouet spice labhu labaegean dendrochronology projectsouthwestern dendroarchaeologyltrr collectionteachingcoursescurrent coursesdendro intensive summer coursepeoplefacultystaffstudentsvisitorsdocentsresourcesskeleton plotrecent talksfellowshipsstudent awardssoftwaremeetingsreferencesoutreachdonate  
 





schedule your visit today.
please visit https://ltrr.arizona.edu/docents for additional information. 










  established by the pioneer of dendrochronology.
  a.e. douglass, originator of the science of tree-ring dating, founded the laboratory of tree-ring research in 1937.
  https://ltrr.arizona.edu/about/history 








  housed in a custom facility.
  a building constructed in 2013 includes lab, office and archive space
  https://ltrr.arizona.edu/building 








  pursuing interdisciplinary research.
  dendrochronology helps reconstruct environmental change, and unravel processes in ecosystems and human societies; researchers in many parts of the world collaborate with the laboratory of tree-ring research.
  https://ltrr.arizona.edu/research 








  hosting an on-line seminar series.
  the tree ring talks seminar series is now available on zoom.
  upcoming talks ≫ 










established by the pioneer of dendrochronology. 

housed in a custom facility. 

pursuing interdisciplinary research. 

hosting an on-line seminar series. 


 







 














news











neh grant for curation program

tuesday, january 21, 2025
the ltrr has been awarded a grant by the national endowment for the humanities (neh) for experiential training of the next generation of museum professionals through american southwest cultural heritage collections.
  read more









a huge solar eruption hit the earth between 664 and 663 bce

thursday, december 19, 2024
irina panyushkina of the ltrr has led a team elucidating more details of the huge solar eruption that hit the earth around 664 bce.
  read more










tree rings reveal a new kind of earthquake threat to the pacific northwest

wednesday, september 27, 2023
new paper by ltrr lead author bryan black
  read more











kevin anchukaitis receives willi dansgaard award

friday, september 15, 2023
the agu honors kevin anchukaitis with the 2023 willi dansgaard award.
  read more










has the earth been warming or cooling over the past few thousand years?

thursday, february 23, 2023
ltrr postdoc ellie broadman is co-author of an article reviewing the trends in global temperature over the last few thousand years.
  read more









music from tree rings

monday, december 19, 2022
the arizona daily star newspaper's front page lead article was on the musical collaborative project featuring margaret evans and kelly heilman of the ltrr.
  read more










read all news
 





 tuesday, february 18
 
 10:00 am to 11:30 am 
 docent tour for lifelong learning in retirement in the highlands (llrh).  
 tuesday, february 18
 
 7:00 pm to 9:00 pm 
 geos 195d 
 wednesday, february 19
 
 9:00 am to 11:30 am 
 new docent training 
 

see calendar →






 

return to the top of this page.











 















  bryant bannister tree-ring building,  1215 e. lowell street,   tucson, az 85721-0045, usa
office@ltrr.arizona.edu
520-621-1608 



connect

facebookyoutubetwitter 





university information security and privacy © 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona. 






login












