



antique radios ***classic radio gallery*** antique radio



























top ↑










antique radio photo gallery and identification guide

























 ↑ 
( push the buttons above to view radios in the gallery )
click the left  knob to listen to an old time radio thriller from "suspense". (double-click to pause)



gallery updates page

check for the latest gallery additions since your last visit.



index of gallery radios





learn about antique radios from around the world. 

with the advent of radio in the 1920s, a historic new communications era had arrived.
a completely new direction in human networking began that has affected events through history.
the new entertainment that radio provided has influenced the entertainment industry to this day.
old time radio classics like "the lone ranger", "the shadow" and the 
infamous 1938 orson welles broadcast of "war of the worlds" 
will be forever remembered. 
this website will give a look into the past to see the actual radios listeners gathered around over the years
to enjoy radio drama and music and keep up with the latest news.
classic radio gallery's radio station otr transcription record collection is now included.  

see many different stylish radios from art deco and modernism design, the machine age and more. 
browse through antique radios by well-known makers such as zenith, crosley, emerson and atwater kent.
discover streamlined, high-style antique radios and their history such as 
fada, truetone, remler and belmont.
see radios created by famous designers such as walter dorwin teague, le corbusier, raymond loewy and others.
view wood radios, 

catalin radios, 

bakelite radios, plaskon and 

beetle tube radios from the '20s to '60s.

learn how to tell the difference in plastics used to make radio cabinets
at the radio plastics explained page.
you will find radios from around the world including the usa, 
canada, france, 
australia, uk, germany, 
japan, spain, hungary and many other countries.
identify your vintage radio with photos and schematics in the gallery.
hopefully, this will help serve as a guide to show some of the high style radios that were made.
warning: radio collecting can be addicting!
radio collectors come in many flavors. 
some collect radios for their historical significance,
others collect for special radio features like magic eye tubes or high tube-count
and others collect for cabinet asthetics including art deco & streamline to gothic designs.
and of course, collectors find radios that bring back youthful memories.
i've shifted through many of these phases and can appreciate all the facets.

hopefully the antique radios in the photo gallery will also help as an identification guide,
or offer more information on your radio. 
early radio advertisements and schematics are included with many radios in the photo gallery.
there are no ads or bots, or any other catches, enjoy!
the website is another hobby of mine and a way to share my collection with the world,
and it gives me a chance to play with my limited knowledge of web creation,
with all pages created using only notepad.
it's obvious that no templates were used for professional looking pages here, it's all homemade.




here is just a sample from the over 500 radios you'll find inside classic radio gallery.
click on any of these radios for a pop-up enlargement.










































































































see the entire collection in one fell swoop and play name that radio.













during years of treasure hunting for radios, 
i occasionally found a nice clock i couldn't pass up and eventually realized that i was a clock collector too.
the use of colorful plastics, glass, chrome and woods in clocks was similar to methods used in radio designs.
browse through many clocks from the 1930s to the 1950s from the collection. 
and now included are barometers, themometers, signs and other interesting collectibles.





new:
otr radio station transcription record collection


















collection photos




this is a cover story article about collecting vintage radios from the monitoring times 2011 july issue.
click here to read the monitoring times radio collecting interview that the following article was compiled from 
or click the image below to read the article from the magazine page full-size jpgs.






























- - on line since  1995 - -





comments, corrections and inquiries welcome
email:
 






...and here's a 180 degree turn, 
my other interest is about as far away from radios as you could imagine. 
this is a link to my south dakota outdoor wildlife photography slideshow.










latvian transistor vef model hr-1003














all images and pages copyright © merrill mabbs / classic radio gallery






stats


