




















department of microbiology | the university of chicago




























  welcome to the department of microbiology



quick links
twitter
the microbiome center
duchossois family institute
office of research safety
howard t. ricketts laboratory
committee on microbiology
 
 
 




  microbiology is a department in the

biological sciences division












                  
  research

                
basic research in microbiology seeks to address how microbes shape our world and to develop insight to advance the prevention and treatment of human diseases.
the discoveries of microbes and the realization that they represent causative agents of human, animal, and plant diseases have transformed biological sciences and established the very broad foundations of molecular medicine.  faculty in the department of microbiology research different microbes including bacteria (pathogenic bacillus, clostridium, enterococcus, klebsiella, listeria, mycobacterium, staphylococcus, yersinia, and commensal species, including the bacteroidales) and viruses (hepatitis c, dengue, sars-cov-2, zika, and several retroviruses and arenaviruses). in collaboration with the duchossois family institute (harnessing the microbiome and immunity for human health), the pritzker school of molecular engineering, and u. chicago medicine, our faculty investigate the organizing principles of the microbiome, its role in maintaining health and preventing disease, and the development of novel therapies.














                  
  education

                
our curriculum provides broad exposure to multiple disciplines in microbial science, and supports specialized training in several areas of interest.
undergraduates majoring in biological sciences with a specialization in microbiology take at least five courses. graduate students pursuing a phd in microbiology take a minimum of nine courses. students consult the graduate advisor of the committee on microbiology to develop a plan of study that fulfills the program course requirements and meets the student’s particular interests in microbiology. the philosophy of graduate coursework is to develop a foundation of knowledge for the first-year graduate student. of course, the basis of graduate training in microbiology is the performance of original laboratory research, which begins in winter or spring of the first year.

  quick links


committee on microbiology
office of graduate and postdoctoral affairs
undergraduate microbiology specialization 









                              
  department news

                            








  howard t. ricketts annual symposium and microbiology retreat this week









  nazik elmekki named gilliam fellow, with advisor dr. laurie comstock









  deficiency in non-classical major histocompatibility class ii-like molecule, h2-o confers protection against staphylococcus aureus in mice












  the university of chicago


  department of microbiology


  cummings life science center


  920 e. 58th st., clsc 1115, chicago, il 60637


  microbiology@uchicago.edu


  773.834.0676

© 2025 
  the university of chicago




university of chicago biological sciences division


committee on microbiology


howard t. ricketts laboratory


uchicago medicine


duchossois family institute


pritzker school of molecular engineering






twitter











