






















crec: capitol region education council | hartford, connecticut



























about
services
schools
events
careers
foundation








 











start typing a topic to see what we offer




 
 
capitol region education council



















































headlines


thirteen crec locations to serve free breakfast and lunch to all students for 2024-2025 school year
crec is participating in the community eligibility provision (cep) as part of the national school lunch program. under this provision, participating districts and schools provide free breakfast and lunch to all students at all times.



ct teacher residency program announces partnership with university of hartford
(hartford, conn.) the connecticut teacher residency program (ct trp) is thrilled to announce a brand new partnership with the university of hartford that allows graduates of the program to enter a master of education program at the university while transferring in up to 15 credits from their residency coursework."the university of hartford is excited to launch an innovative graduate degree pathway for completers of the ct teacher residency program,” said dr. cesarina thompson, dean of the university of hartford college of education, nursing and health professions. “we are committed to addressing the severe teacher shortage across our state and to collaborating with our partners to enhance the diversity of our teacher workforce and equip teachers with the advanced knowledge and skills they need to provide equitable and inclusive learning opportunities that will benefit all learners.”the university program offers those who complete the ct trp a m.ed. degree focusing on elementary education. applicants who meet the criteria for the program can transfer in the coursework from five ct trp courses towards required credits for the m.ed. the transferrable classes include applied developmental & learning theories, fundamentals of reading instruction, foundations & strategic actions of literacy learning, prek-grade 6 science and technology in the classroom, and elementary methods: social studies/science/art. "we are thrilled to continue dismantling barriers and providing opportunities for trp's diverse candidates and program completers via this partnership and degree pathway with the university of hartford,” said dr. violet jiménez sims, managing director of academic programming for ct trp. “this collaboration marks a significant stride towards empowering diverse educators to ascend academically and professionally. by bridging our program's challenging, innovative coursework with the university's esteemed academic resources, we are not only addressing the critical teacher shortage but also cultivating teachers equipped with the advanced skills necessary to advance trp's vision 'to create opportunities for all children and transform schools to be diverse and inclusive environments'."the connecticut teacher residency program (ct trp), managed by crec in partnership with the resc (regional educational service centers) alliance, is focused on diversifying the teaching staff across the state of connecticut. adding a pathway to obtaining a master’s degree—with nearly half of the credits completed—is a significant step towards the goal of attracting and retaining these diverse teachers in the state. advanced degrees such as a master’s, or the equivalent coursework, are one of the best ways for educators to gain valuable skills, increase teacher pay, and work towards leadership roles.ct trp, since its inception in 2019, offers a unique approach to training non-certified candidates with a bachelor’s degree by partnering with school districts to provide a residency model leading to state teaching certification. residents and graduates give students windows and mirrors into their lived experiences and possibilities for their future. the program began in 2019 as a pilot in crec’s magnet schools for elementary certification and is now offered in districts across connecticut. in 2023 ct trp added a pilot for special education certification, and in march 2024 received approval for a new middle school mathematics certification program. ct trp’s website is www.ct-trp.org ###the capitol region education council was established in 1966. working with and for its member districts, crec has developed a wide array of cost-effective and high-quality programs and services to meet the educational needs of children and adults in the region. crec brings over five decades of experience in education, regional collaboration, and operations to provide innovative strategies and products that address the changing needs of school districts and their students, corporations, non-profits, and individual professions. crec regularly serves 35 towns in greater hartford, offering more than 120 programs to more than 150,000 students annually. crec manages more than 40 facilities throughout the area, including 16 interdistrict magnet schools and two magnet programs. more information about crec and crec’s award-winning schools is available at www.crec.org. 



crec welcomes new assistant executive director, desi nesmith
(hartford, conn.) the capitol region education council (crec) is excited to announce the hiring of desi nesmith as our assistant executive director. nesmith’s first day with crec was tuesday, april 30, filling a position on crec’s executive leadership team that has been unappointed for several years.nesmith comes to crec from the bloomfield public schools where he held the title of assistant superintendent. before his role in bloomfield, he was the deputy commissioner at the connecticut state department of education (csde), overseeing the strategic planning, performance, academic, and turnaround offices. nesmith collaborated closely with the learn from home task force during his tenure to bridge the digital divide by providing devices and connectivity to connecticut families. he also served as the agency's federal liaison to the u.s. department of education, shaping statewide federal funding priorities, and he served on the general assembly’s juvenile justice policy oversight committee.in june 2019, governor ned lamont appointed nesmith as interim commissioner of education, overseeing csde during the transition to a permanent education commissioner. earlier, he served as chief turnaround officer, managing the state's alliance district and charter school programs, promoting equity and excellence across connecticut's schools. nesmith’s educational leadership experience extends back to his role as principal of metacomet elementary school in bloomfield, where he significantly improved student achievement, receiving national recognition with the milken educator's award in 2014.“i am honored and excited join the crec team as an assistant executive director,” said nesmith. “i look forward to working with colleagues here at crec as well as the other regional educational service centers (rescs) and our member districts.”the role of assistant executive director at crec develops and implements the overall vision, mission, and goals of the agency and supervises, provides guidance, and evaluates programs and leadership across the agency. he will also interface directly with key stakeholders across the state involved with regional education, budgets, and operational development like the resc alliance, state department of education, connecticut association of boards of education, and the connecticut general assembly.“it gives me great pleasure to welcome desi nesmith to the position of assistant executive director,” said greg florio, crec executive director. “desi's extensive background in educational leadership, aligns perfectly with crec's core values and strategic goals. his proven commitment to enhancing educational opportunities and equity will undoubtedly propel our mission forward."the crec community eagerly looks forward to embracing nesmith in his new position, expecting a period of continuous development and success under his guidance. ###the capitol region education council was established in 1966. working with and for its member districts, crec has developed a wide array of cost-effective and high-quality programs and services to meet the educational needs of children and adults in the region. crec brings over five decades of experience in education, regional collaboration, and operations to provide innovative strategies and products that address the changing needs of school districts and their students, corporations, non-profits, and individual professions. crec regularly serves 35 towns in greater hartford, offering more than 120 programs to more than 150,000 students annually. crec manages more than 40 facilities throughout the area, including 16 interdistrict magnet schools and two magnet programs. more information about crec and crec’s award-winning schools is available at www.crec.org. 



crec magnet schools welcomes new superintendent, dr. sasha douglas
(hartford, conn.) the capitol region education council (crec) is delighted to announce the appointment of dr. sasha douglas as the new superintendent of crec magnet schools, effective july 1, 2024. dr. douglas will succeed timothy sullivan jr., who is retiring after a distinguished 35-year career in education, the last seven as superintendent of crec magnet schools.dr. douglas currently serves as assistant superintendent of crec magnet schools, where she has significantly contributed to the district's leadership, with a special focus on curriculum, instruction, and assessment. she joined crec in 2011 as the principal of the crec metropolitan learning center for global & international studies, where she spearheaded the adoption of the "ib (international baccalaureate) for all" approach, enhancing college preparatory access for all students. her leadership transformed the school into a regional leader in college acceptance and retention."i am honored to assume the privilege of leading crec magnet schools," said dr. douglas. "crec’s core values reflect a commitment to serving the best interest of each child. i have seen this commitment firsthand as an educator and as a crec parent. i look forward to inspiring continued excellence and innovation in crec magnet schools."in april 2024, dr. douglas completed her doctorate in educational leadership at the university of connecticut, focusing her research on immigrant mothers and their experiences with their children’s schools. born in jamaica, dr. douglas takes pride in her heritage, and her journey—both personal and professional—showcases the power of education. she holds a bachelor’s degree in africana studies and a master of arts in teaching, focused on social studies, both from brown university."sasha has made several important contributions to our work on the magnet schools leadership team since she joined in 2020. she has proven herself to be an invaluable asset to our magnet schools and key leader in both the magnet schools and our agency as a whole,” said outgoing superintendent timothy sullivan jr. expressing his confidence in dr. douglas’s capabilities. “her emphatic belief in the potential of people is an inspiration to us all.""i am thrilled to appoint sasha douglas as superintendent. crec’s mission, vision, and core values drive sasha’s work and her belief that all children have potential for great things and that it is our responsibility to assure each one of them achieves that potential,” said greg florio, crec executive director.the crec community is excited to welcome dr. douglas into her new role and anticipates a future of sustained growth and achievement under her leadership.###the capitol region education council was established in 1966. working with and for its member districts, crec has developed a wide array of cost-effective and high-quality programs and services to meet the educational needs of children and adults in the region. crec brings over five decades of experience in education, regional collaboration, and operations to provide innovative strategies and products that address the changing needs of school districts and their students, corporations, non-profits, and individual professions. crec regularly serves 35 towns in greater hartford, offering more than 120 programs to more than 150,000 students annually. crec manages more than 40 facilities throughout the area, including 16 interdistrict magnet schools and two magnet programs. more information about crec and crec’s award-winning schools is available at www.crec.org. 



see more crec news →







coming soon
make crecyour first choice!


the 2025-26 late rsco application opens the week of march 10

in the meantime, learn more about crec's 16 award winning schools and your open choice school options for the 2025-26 school year by visiting:
crecfirst.org



services




teacher education and mentoring program (team)
the team program is a process of continuous professional growth designed around five professional growth modules. depending on the beginning teacher's area of certification and teaching assignment, they are required to complete up to five modules which are focused on the following domains of the common core of teaching (cct)




explore all crec services →


products




guiding partnerships with schools (gps)
the gps self-assessment is an opportunity for schools to get feedback from staff and families on the quality of family-school partnerships. through responses to a short set of research-aligned questions on the practices, perceptions and beliefs among staff and families within a school, the gps system will reveal where a school falls along a continuum of family-school partnership "types", ranging from non-collaborative and ineffective, to high-functioning, dual-capacity and sustainable.




explore all crec products →


schools




strive (southern transition real-world and independent vocational education)
strive is a community-based transition program for young adults with disabilities ages 18 to 22 years old. young adults will spend most of their day developing independent living, social, and employment skills. young adults will also participate in community-based work experiences based on their strengths, interests, and preferences. each young adult's program will be individualized based on their unique needs and the decisions made at the planning and placement team (ppt) meetings.




explore all crec schools →







        view this profile on instagram            crec (@creceducation) • instagram photos and videos 



crec - capitol region education council




crec is a proud member of the 




 
 
 



©2025 capitol region education council
111 charter oak avenue, hartford, ct 06106   •   (860) 247-crec


crec webmail | employee portal



policies and procedures | disclaimers | careers | contact us


 





