













lojic home | lojic











      skip to main content
    






if one of the lojic interactive maps is not working properly, view these suggestions.









main navigation


maps


data


services


news


about


lojic user portal





search




















partnering to share our community’s geographic information

 



we develop interactive maps, maintain geographic data, and provide a variety of map and data services for louisville, ky.








maps


our mapping applications, story maps, and printable map pdfs are the most comprehensive collection of jefferson county's gis data on the web. 





 




lojic online


provides a geographic overview of our community, with data on parcels, taxing districts, zoning, utilities, and more.
lojic online






 




map hub


our map collection includes interactive apps for neighborhoods, political districts, snow events, and more. see all of our maps!
view map hub














see more news
news









lojic at msd field day 2024















lojic at the louisville library















lojic gis day at metro hall: serving our community through gis















metro public works receives special achievement in gis award



















 







data


lojic makes some of our countywide datasets available on our open data portal. we also can extract site specific data in autocad or esri data formats.






open data


lojic's public platform for exploring, analyzing, and downloading open datasets.address points metro council districtsparcelsstreet centerlineslojic open data portal






explore map and data bundles


view the lojic online map and the download data used in it.lojic online map and data bundle













services


we provide services for your custom requests to extract site specific area in autocad or esri data formats. we also can make custom maps based on your area of interest and scale.we provide technical assistance to help you use our interactive maps and other features on our web site.




 




custom requests


lojic staff can extract data for a project specific area in autocad and esri data formats and can make custom maps up to 36 inches in one dimension.learn more





 




technical assistance


contact lojic staff if you have questions about our maps or data or if you want to learn more about lojic.contact lojic staff






















about lojic

the louisville/jefferson county information consortium (lojic) is a multi-agency partnership to build and maintain a geographic information system (gis) to serve louisville metro and jefferson county. 



 


our partners











 




  






msd building
700 west liberty street
louisville, ky 40203
38.2533 n, -85.7628 w




 


footer


user portal


contact us


privacy statement




  site by net tango
  




