





home






















































 


































				register - login				










homemusictune in!libraryplaying nownew musicsearchmy hr80sforumsget backstagecontact

















							home						























homemusictune in!libraryplaying nownew musicsearch 


    





my hr80sforumsget backstagecontact 










										register - login									


















































										hard rockin 80.com									

										the deepest selection of music. over 55,000 songs you can request! 									













										join the crew.  discover new music!									













										guitar gods. spandex leather and metal. 									













										because 10 just isn't loud enough...									











































notice:  we've changed our tune in links





  as part of our efforts to speed up the website, we had to change the links you tune in with.  please use this link for all listening options.














 hr80s news







									new site							

welcome to the new hard rockin 80s.com!
the new site has some great improvements over the prior site:

responsive website design. you now get the full hr80s.com experience on any modern platform (dekstop, laptop, smart phones, tablets and more).
android and apple apps can now easily perform the same functions as desktop users. now you can listen, request, and interact with the community all from within the hr80s.com apps.
cleaner and faster loading site.
expand-ability. site platform enables us to continue to easily add more features in the future
improved security.

while we took advantage of the downtime to do a site facelift, there are still many bugs we need to fix with the new design. we'll start a forum thread listing out the 'to do's we have and feel free to add your input.
 




									new music							


	we've added a bunch of new releases into the station just in time to kick off memroial day weekend.  be safe out there! i urge those in the us to takea moment to remember and pay tribute to those who have sacrificed so much for all of us.




									hr80s mobile apps							


	take hard rockin80s.com with you virtually anywhere with hr80s apps!

	 

	we've launching mobile apps. we have one for android in the google play store and one for ios in the appstore  coming soon!  

	you can stream hr80s anywhere as well as view our mobile site, facebook page, and twitter page all from within the app!

	 

	downloads:

	android: 


free (ad supported)

$1.99 (no ads)


	apple devices:


		$0.99 (no ads) submitted pending app store approval


	 

	 

	here's some screen shots of the player and mobile sites within the app:

  






				hr80s - now with over 50k songs



				more music! apps coming soon!



				hurricane sandy



				more new music - 45 albums!




 subcategories 


				station news

						article count: 
						13					




				new music

						article count: 
						19					















music  videos






slayer
war ensemble
 

van halen
jump
 

rush
scars
 
 all videos























hr80s  artist bios







zo2

genre: hard rock					    genre hard rock
years active 2002 - present
city brooklyn, ny
country usa
web http://www.zo2.com/

	zo2 are a power trio based out of brooklyn, new york featuring the zablibowski brothers "paulie z" on guitars & "david z" on bass & vocals.  the trio is rounded...

 read full artist bio 
























now playing:



metallica  halo on fire 
 hardwired...to self-destr... time left: 05:07										 
















donate  for app development





help fund the next generation hr80s app by donating to the cause. funds will go to developer costs, app store fees, and outsourcing where necessary to speed development. any amount is appreciated!
 
   













search ...  search 
















hr80s  mobile apps





now available on android and ios devices: hr80s to go!
 
 

 























 










if you’re going to follow a tour around the country in an rv or van make sure you have some static caravan spares, to keep you rocking on for the number 1 power drill reviews, visit  power drill guru now if you have to come from the uk to see a great concert in the us make sure you have a  visa for america,to make your journey easier renewing an ehic card usa visa form can’t decide on your ideal site for gaming? read    reviews of betfred casino, pocket fruity and other online casinos for free at best deal casinos today!jladefoged.com - we help students write better papers for free. free online dissertation writing help for students and teachersrock and roll brides click here for wedding dresses: www.topwedding.com/wedding-gowns 

































get  hr80s  gear





 hr80s gear














get  backstage





 subscribe now!









































login 











username











password							






remember me 



log in





					create an account 



					forgot your username?



					forgot your password?





 





































desktop version














javascript is currently disabled.please enable it for a better experience of jumi.
