






bailey banks & biddle – world renowned jewelers since 1832
































skip to content




bailey banks & biddle
world renowned jewelers since 1832








home
wedding
rings
necklaces
earrings
bracelets
gemstone


pave
pearl


about us


vin lee
diamond jewelry


carat weights
diamond education: the 4cs
diamond shape
find your ring size


gold jewelry


we buy gold


gemstone jewelry


monthly birthstones


january, garnet
february, amethyst
march, aquamarine
april, diamond
may, emerald
june, pearl
july, ruby
august, peridot
september, sapphire
october, opal
november, citrine
december, blue topaz




policies
privacy policy
appraisals
careers
contact us
finlay


frequently asked questions (faq)
faq




careers







 
americas finest jewelers™
bailey banks & biddle is the #1 trusted leader in the fine jewelry industry doing business in california, texas, virginia, and pennsylvania. this innovative and newly reimagined company traces its roots back to a philadelphia of the 1800’s when it produced distinguished medals for the united states, the purple heart and the congressional medal of honor among several. committed to doing business only with brands that support and heighten the company’s core values, bailey banks & biddle has admirably gained a top-notch reputation in the fast-paced and competitive jewelry world.



































 










 
























 










 





























 










 

















 






















 





























 










 
























 










 
























 










 



































 










 





























 










 

















 






















 





























 










 



































 










 
























 










 
























 










 








































since 1832






bailey banks & biddle


bailey banks & biddle is an american jewelry firm that formed in 1832 and quickly became a recognized leader in jewelry fashion. of great interest to this firm was retaining the integrity of fine jewelry using attention to detail as a guiding force. many americans held in the public eye have worn jewelry made by bailey banks & biddle.
the founding date of september 10th,1832 makes bailey banks & biddle the oldest nationwide jeweler in america. it all began when joseph trowbridge bailey partnered with andrew b. kitchen to establish the bailey & kitchen jewelry company in philadelphia.
since the first store opened more than 190 years ago, customers have trusted bailey banks & biddle for its superior style, quality and value. bailey banks & biddle has grown to more than 110 retail locations in 31 states across the country and puerto rico, continuing its rich traditions into the 21st century.
throughout the 20th century and forging into the years beyond, bailey banks & biddle continues to be a prime resource for classic, fine jewelry, along with distinctive selections of designer jewelry, branded swiss watches and fine giftware.
today, bailey banks & biddle’s outstanding offerings include david yurman, robert lee morris®, roberto coin, chimento, mikimoto®, scott kay®, cartier, piaget, blancpain, breitling, vacheron constantin, baume & mercier, tag heuer, omega, lalique, baccarat, daum, fabergé, lladro® and many more.
 
















































lichtensteins department store
we are now exclusively available online at lichtenstein’s department store.
please visit us at lichtenstein’s (www.lichtensteins.com).





lichtensteins


























home
wedding
rings
necklaces
earrings
bracelets
gemstone
about us
careers




	copyright © 2019 finlay fine jewelers










