











caffeine informer






























caffeine amounts





caffeine in drinks
☕ death by caffeine



caffeine in coffee





starbucks
dunkin' donuts
tim hortons
caribou
dutch bros.
mccafe
seattle's best
costa coffee
caffe nero
gloria jeans
instant coffees


most caffeinated coffee
how much coffee is too much? new
best instant coffee
coffee brands to avoid




 
 










 








everything caffeine.
explore reviews and equip yourself with tools to fine-tune your caffeine intake.






trusted by the world wide web









find the right amount of your beloved coffee, energy drink, or soda to consume.(that includes you too, tea drinkers 🙌)






caffeine calculator
determine your max amount of any drink.




 

coffee calculator
determine your ideal coffee amount.




 

caffeine database
compare over 1,000 drinks.




 

safe limits
how much caffeine should you consume?






sugar in drinks
does your favorite drink have too much sugar?			













how much caffeine are we consuming? 2025 edition






which coffee roast has more caffeine?







how to reduce caffeine intake from an americano
understanding the caffeine content in an americano are you concerned about the amount of caffeine in your daily americano? it's...






7 coffee brands to avoid
how sustainable and ethical are some of the mainstream coffee brands? which brands don't make the grade?






mushroom coffee: the best blends to choose
mushroom coffee is a unique blend of traditional coffee beans and medicinal mushrooms. instead of replacing the coffee beans entirely,...



 

favorites



energy drinks with the most caffeine
a roundup of the 20 most caffeinated energy drinks on the market today. also, the energy shots with the most...






dunkin’ donuts coffee caffeine content guide
caffeine amounts in dunkin' donuts coffee: latte, brewed coffee, dunkaccino, decaf, and more. also, how dunkin' compares to other brands.






the 12+ deadliest (strongest) coffee brands
the deadliest (strongest) coffee brands based on the extremely high amount of caffeine in a typical serving. many claim to...






caffeine withdrawal symptoms: top fifteen
the most common caffeine withdrawal symptoms. if you have or are planning on giving up caffeine, here's what symptoms to...






the complete guide to starbucks caffeine
complete caffeine content of starbucks drinks. coffee, tea, refreshers, frappuccinos, iced coffee, via, and bottled coffee. uk and europe amounts...






20 awesome benefits of quitting caffeine or coffee
20 great benefits you may reap from quitting caffeine in coffee, tea, energy drinks, or soda. your long-term good health...



 

new caffeinated products
just added to our database



coffee (moka pot) 93 mg caffeine



monster killer brew 300 mg caffeine



dr pepper zero sugar 41 mg caffeine



riot energy 160 mg caffeine



poppi soda classic cola 32 mg caffeine



rise nitro cold brew coffee 250 mg caffeine



javvy coffee concentrate 80 mg caffeine



starbucks cold brew canned 165 mg caffeine



dunkin sparkd energy 192 mg caffeine


explore caffeine database →









how much caffeine should you consume?

	calculate  →
	












join our newsletter
watching your caffeine intake? get the latest brews and caffeine news.

subscribe





 

caffeine
caffeine database 
death by caffeine 
calculate your caffeine limit 
caffeine side effects 


coffee
most caffeinated coffees 
top instant coffees 
coffee daily intake calculator 
caffeine in outlet coffees 
deadliest coffees 


drinks
most caffeinated soft drinks 
most popular soft drinks 
most caffeinated energy drinks 
top-selling energy drinks 
caffeinated sparkling waters 
sugar-free energy drinks 


extra
about 
contact 
terms 
privacy 

© 2025 caffeine informer. as an amazon associate, caffeine informer may earn a small share of revenue from qualifying purchases. thank you for supporting our work 😀
		


 






