























amsoil distributor – best synthetic oil – ams oil
















home
products

synthetic motor oil

oem interval oils
10,000-mile oils
25,000-mile oils
synthetic diesel oil
racing oil
synthetic natural gas engine oils


motorcycle, powersports & 2-cycle oil

motorcycle oil
2-cycle oil
4-stroke oil


premium filters

oil filters
air filters
motorcycle/powersports filters
injen/amsoil air intakes
by-pass filters
other filters


synthetic gear lubes & transmission fluid

synthetic gear lube
racing gear lube
synthetic transmission fluid


automotive fluids and fuel additives

engine & transmission flush
brake fluid
power steering fluid
fuel additives
antifreeze
protectants & cleaners
suspension fluid


mothers® car care

paint care
reflections®
fx
power products
tire & wheel care
interior care
special care
marine
accessories


synthetic grease
industrial lubricants

synthetic hydraulic oil
synthetic compressor oil


car parts

ngk spark plugs and wires
trico wiper blades




learn

faq
educational articles
amsoil warranty


tests

amsoil vs. major brands
api sequence iiif test
amsoil vs. harley screamin' eagle oil
amsoil gear lube outperforms valvoline
8% more mpg with amsoil


contact
online store
free catalog!



amsoil distributor




1
2
3






                	click the arrows to the left and right to scroll through the panels.
                




                	no other oil protects against wear better than amsoil
                




                	reformulated, repackaged xl synthetic motor oils!
                




previous
next




welcome to bestsynthetic.com! - your source for amsoil synthetic motor oil.
the big oil companies offer lots of slick fluffy marketing claims like "nothing outperforms mobil 1",
			 but offer no proof or facts. the truth is, amsoil synthetic oil outperforms mobil 1 and all other conventional and synthetic 
			 lubricants.  and we have the proof to back it up. they don't, which is why they can only use slogans. amsoil, 
			 the first in synthetics.

"our company makes the best lubricants in the world, period, and challenges anyone or any company to prove us wrong! that 
			won't happen because our competitors know it's true." -a.j. amatuzio, president & ceo.
            
            wear prevention is an engine oils primary and most important job. no other motor oil protects against wear better than amsoil.  
			period!  not only did amsoil bring you the first synthetic, they were the first to introduce the concept of 
			extended drain intervals. can you name one other oil company that will guarantee their product for 25,000 miles? amsoil has 
			been doing so for over 35 years.
			whether you're a car owner looking for premium synthetic motor oil, a business owner looking to add a successful 
			product line to your shelves or a fleet owner looking to cut your operating expenses, we hope you'll find everything you're looking 
			for here. tour our site and learn the facts! compare amsoil's performance and properties to the other guys. yes, amsoil costs more, 
			but remember, you always get what you pay for. but as you will see, using amsoil synthetic oils will actually save you money, and 
			you'll be giving your engine the best protection you can buy at the same time!
			
			at bestsynthetic.com, our goal is to be the most informative amsoil dealer website on the web, which includes
			not just information on amsoil products, but educating people about synthetics, lubrication, car care and more.
			please contact us with any questions or suggestions at any time.
the company of firsts!

first to develop an api-rated 100 percent synthetic motor oil.
first to introduce the concept of "extended drain intervals" with a recommended 25,000-mile/1-year drain interval.
first u.s. company to utilize the noack volatility test as a standard of performance excellence.
first to produce synthetic motor oils for diesel engines, racing engines, turbo and marine engines.
first to introduce synthetic oils that legitimately contribute to improving fuel efficiency.
first to manufacture synthetic gear lube for automotive use.
first to manufacture a 100:1 pre-mix synthetic 2-cycle oil.
first to manufacture a synthetic automatic transmission fluid for automotive use.
see product introduction chronology

amsoil and racing

            many oil companies produce specialty racing oils for elite groups and do not offer them to the general public. 
			for instance, several popular oil manufacturers produce racing oils offered only to nascar racers.  amsoil 
			receives inquiries as to why the company does not offer "special," higher-quality or nascar oils.
			however, all amsoil synthetic motor oils are already formulated to a higher level than competitors' oils, 
			and amsoil dominator synthetic racing oils are no exception.  they provide maximum performance and superior 
			protection to all racers, regardless of their level of competition.  the same amsoil dominator synthetic racing 
			oils that are used in the engines of amsoil corporately-sponsored racers such as scott douglas and brady smith 
			are available to everyone.
			every professional race car in the world uses synthetics, and most of them have been using amsoil for 
			decades.  many have a lot of money at stake with their "big oil" sponsors, who want you to believe that
			what is advertised on the car is what's running in the engine.
			indy car racing legend bobby unser spoke at the amsoil 30th anniversary convention.  unser is a 3-time indy 
			500 winner, has 25 overall indy car wins and is a 13-time pikes peak hill climb winner.  he told the audience 
			how his race car differentials could not survive more than one race up pikes peak without needing to be 
			rebuilt, until he started using amsoil lubricants.  this experience in bobby's early years of racing began 
			his long relationship with amsoil synthetic motor oil and lubricants in all his race cars.  bobby 
			went on to say that "amsoil is the best synthetic lubricant made, the standard to which all others are 
			judged." hear it from bobby himself in the video below.

extended drain intervals mean less waste oil, less pollution, a cleaner environment
"improperly disposed used oil," according to the environmental protection agency, "is the largest single 
			source of oil pollution fouling our nation's waters. according to the american petroleum institute, it amounts to 
			"up to 200 million gallons of used motor oil... dumped every year down sewers, drains or in the ground." api 
			reminds us, too, that, "a single quart of oil can foul thousands of gallons of water."... 
			continue reading this article 

amsoil news updates



we're now on facebook!
			bestsynthetic.com on facebook

buy at wholesale price!preferred customers buy at dealer cost and save 25%!

not sure which products to get for your vehicle?  use the 
vehicle lookup guide.

amsoil distributor opportunities
			start your own home business based on a proven superior product. very low startup costs.

sell amsoil products in your shop or store. click here for information on amsoil retail accounts.

does your business purchase lubricants for its equipment? click for information about amsoil 
			commercial accounts! extend your equipment's life and reduce costs!







best synthetic lubricants offers a wide range of amsoil synthetic motor oil products and other lubricants, including synthetic compressor oil, synthetic marine oil, and synthetic diesel oil.
home
   | 
  contact us
   | 
  links
copyright ©2014 bestsynthetic.com  |  wellington, oh














