




emotional bondage




































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































lost_dorothy
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














lost_dorothy







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







emotional bondage 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 20 most recent journal entries recorded in
lost_dorothy's livejournal:

[ << previous 20 ]

monday, june 23rd, 20083:22 pm
writer's block: passionate eats 



passionate eats


what foods do you associate with romance or attraction?


reply


243
 anything home cooked can be romantic because you know it's been cooked just for you.as far as going out, i tend to lean toward italian or even greek.  which is weird considering all the garlic and how potent those foods can be.  also any dessert, but that's just because the right desert can be better than sex.  hahaha  =) 
(3 comments |comment on this)12:36 am
my sunday  so i'm going to try this whole updating thing again.  i'm going to be totally lame and copy and paste this into both my livejournal and my myspace.  so both will be updated with the exact same post.  reason number 3,481 as to why i hate it when the weather gets nice: plants have sex and my allergies go insane.  both yesterday and today i've been all stuffed up and sneezy and itchy.  yesterday i went to my sisters reception.  it was held at her now husbands sisters place.  they had a lovely back hard and garden.  at least it would've been lovely if my sinus' didn't swell up to the size of texas and i could stop sneezing and rubbing my eyeballs.  i figured it was just the garden though right.  so i wake up today and bam i'm dying.  i get over to evy's place and down some allergy meds.  off we go!  we had lots of fun today.  first we went to go pick strawberries on sauvie's island.  that was a lot of fun.  i got sunburnt though, but whattya gonna do when you're a redhead.  can't help it.  only a bit on my forehead/nose.  still hurts though so god forbid if i get an itch.  =)  then went out to wunderland.  for those that don't know it's a 5 cent arcade place where you can either play arcade games, or play games for tickets which you can redeem for toys and what not.  using my tickets i got a green duck bank, a pencil that is about a foot and a half long, and this kooshy ball thingy.  i was perturbed though because it seemed a bit more ghetto than normal.  i know that the people that go there aren't exactly the brightest in the world, and the place itself is pretty dingey, but usually the games at least work.  i had a number of them either run out of tickets, or just plain not give me any or they don't work right or cheat me more than normal.  and it seemed like the prices were raised a bit.  then there was this total jerk there, a father who had a bunch of misbehaving children running around.  they came up to him looking for praise and saying, "look at all the tickets i got!".  he started yelling at them, telling them to not play games that give them tickets because he doesn't want "...all of that shit hanging around the house...", and by that he meant the toys that you can redeem the tickets for.  then, rather smartly one of his daughters said, "then why are we even here?!".  he said "don't give me that or we'll just leave!" to which she replied, "good i don't want to be here anyway!".  now this man came to wunderland for himself, not for the kids.  how do i know this?  because he sat his fat ass down infront of a shrek pinball game for almost our entire stay, totally monopolizing it and putting money into it steadily (not just at the end of his turn) so when someone would come up to him he could say "sure as soon as i run out of credits".  he was a disgusting human being with a curly haired mullet and cow boy hat.  i didn't like him.  it just seemed like people were particularly rude and unkind at this one.    after wunderland, went for the best frozen yogurt in the entire world.  this isn't just frozen yogurt...  it's...  it's amazing.  it's all natural no preservatives blah blah blah but the taste is just...  it's hard to describe but it just tastes like yogurt... frozen...  but so much more!  i had a chocolate/raspberry mix and the raspberry frozen yogurt was just about orgasmic.  i was very pleased with it.  =)  it's called skinny dip i think and it's in portland off of nw burnside i think and it is to die for.  i love it 'cause it really tastes like yogurt.  they only have a few flavors.  plain (actual plain yogurt frozen), chocolate and raspberry.  there are toppings you can put on it.  it's kinda spendy but so very worth it.  yum.  so after that we went back to evy's and watched doc hollywood, had a bit of dinner, and played some rock band.  now i'm at home finishing up my laundry.  i really should go to bed.  one of these days i might do this on time.  but it's been a long day so you never know; i might get to bed at a decent hour.  considering it's already 12:36am... i doubt it.  =) current mood: sneezy
(comment on this)thursday, october 19th, 20069:11 pm
 howmanyofme.comthere are:3people with my namein the u.s.a.how many have your name? 
(6 comments |comment on this)monday, september 25th, 20069:07 pm
flogging molly show portland, or  sunday, sept 24th at 8pmit.  fucking.  rocked.the rest of the pictures...http://s47.photobucket.com/albums/f156/shefidgets/flogging%20molly/ 
(1 comment |comment on this)thursday, august 31st, 200611:19 pm
justin's birthday  current mood:  sleepy
(comment on this)wednesday, june 21st, 20067:29 am
 your results:you are spider-manspider-man
 70%
robin
 65%
green lantern
 65%
superman
 60%
the flash
 60%
supergirl
 55%
wonder woman
 55%
batman
 45%
iron man
 45%
hulk
 40%
catwoman
 35%

you are intelligent, witty, a bit geeky and have great power and responsibility.
click here to take the "which superhero are you?" quiz... current mood:  sad
(1 comment |comment on this)tuesday, june 6th, 20066:42 pm
=d obligatory 6.6.06 post.  =di'm such a nerd... 
(comment on this)monday, may 29th, 200612:10 am
psa  current mood:  thirsty
(1 comment |comment on this)wednesday, may 17th, 20064:57 am
i'm a huge nerd...  current mood:  artistic
(comment on this)tuesday, may 9th, 20063:13 pm
teehee  it's purrty take the quiz: what kind of muscle car are you?1969 buick skylarkyou are a 1969 buick skylark. you car has alot of potential....but you don't really care. the only reason you are driving your car is because it works! you only care about going from place to place.....racing isn't in you....but who cares...quizzes by myyearbook.com -- the world's biggest yearbook! current mood:  bored
(comment on this)monday, april 24th, 200612:37 pm
 find your own pose!colon traits and tendencies ~ the colon is the chosen pose of individuals who, on their own, seem awkward or remote. they may be the sort who responds to telephone messages with email, or spends their lunchtimes quietly pedometer-walking in lieu of socializing with coworkers. but when a colonist finds its mate, together they acquire a grace and ease that surprises friends and family.  comfort zone ~ the colon is one of the sea sleeper poses. other sea poses you might try: the ticket puncher and sixth posture of the perfumed forest.  a note about coping ~ since colonists rely so heavily on their partners to give them context and spark, the times when business or family obligations take one of them away from home can leave both sleepers demoralized. to temporarily fill the void, swap in a large, carnival-sized stuffed animal, making sure to keep candles, space heaters, or other combustibles well away from the bedside. current mood:  cheerful
(comment on this)1:24 am
quiz what type of fae are you? current mood:  full
(comment on this)friday, april 21st, 20066:20 pm
why is it... ...that the m&m's in the mcflurries are waxier than regular m&m's?  it truly is one of the great mysteries of our time.i've got a lot of thoughts running through my head.  some of these thoughts are questions.  questions that i may not want the answer to, but that are eating away at my brain meats.  why?  because i'm a girl.  and girls, by nature, are slightly crazy.  we think all the time, about any and every possibility to any given situation.  some of us settle down with the worst case scenario.  i am one of those people.  i try to be optimistic, i really do.  but at best i get realistic, which really is only one step above pessimistic.  i have all these thoughts, and i'm constantly wondering if it's ok to think these thoughts.  is it ok for me to think about this?  is it ok for me to feel this?  i mean of course it's ok, because they're my thoughts and i can have them and think about what ever i like, but the question is should i?  that's what i don't know.  if i think these things, am i just setting myself up to be disappointed later?  i'm also a bit fuzzy on some things, so that forces me to think even more about all possibilities of it.  i second guess myself a lot, and i have terrible self esteem.  a lot of what is going on in my head stems from those two issues that i have.  (i suppose the second guessing stems from the self esteem though, so it's just one issue.)  i have questions i don't know if i want answers to.  at the same time, every time i've thought something, it always turns out to be wrong.  in a good way though, 'cause every thing i've thought is the way i don't want it to go, and what has turned out to be correct is how i do want it to go.  what does this all mean?  i have no idea.  that's just it.  i've never been this clueless about a situation.  i've always been able to figure out what is going on, but now... shoot, i got nothin.  it's both thrilling and maddening.  it'll just take time i suppose.  time to figure things out.  the thing is... i was able to fall asleep.  this makes me happy.  this also makes me nervous, because now i'm comfortable, and it really didn't take that long.honestly this post was not supposed to be this long.  and it was not supposed to be all my brain meats and insecurities out on display.  but it felt good to get it out.  i will think about if i should delete this later.  or make it viewable only to me.  i wish i knew how to make a preferred list.i think i'm going to bed.  before i hang myself further. current mood:  guess
(3 comments |comment on this)saturday, april 1st, 20069:46 pm
cape kiwanda death trip pictures of cape kiwanda from thursday.http://s47.photobucket.com/albums/f156/shefidgets/cape%20kiwanda%20death%20trip/ current mood:  cold
(comment on this)friday, march 31st, 20063:12 pm
the day i almost died... (which would be yesterday) so how is everyone else doing?!?!?!?!  *crazy laugh*oh me?  oh i'm fine.  what did i do yesterday?  that's so sweet of you to ask!  i almost died/got seriously hurt!  how?  well let me tell ya!so it started off like any normal day.  goin to the beach with robbie and allison.  we leave at about noon.  (we don't actually get out of portland until about 2 or so... yea, took a while to get our shit together.)  so we're driving, la de da.  fairly uneventful drive there except for the pouring rain at times.  but yea, whatever.  drivin, drivin, smokin, singin, drivin.  (they sang with me, i was so happy.  =)  )  we stopped at the tillamook cheese factory for ice cream because... well that's just what you do.  you can't go to the beach if you pass through tillamook and not stop at the cheese factory.  it was good too.  yum.  thank you sugar mama!  =dsoooo we finally get to cape kiwanda.  we get out of the car and go to the beach.  we walk on the rocks there and play with the water aminals.  hermit crabs and sea anenomes and what have you.  good times.  (i got some good pictures.  i'll put them in photobucket and send the link later.)  robbie pee's in a cave.  right after that these bippy twat girls go into that same cave and look around.  we laugh a great deal and get on outta there.  so we hike up sand mountain.  we go over to the lovely foresty oasis to the left on the top.  we look around, enjoy the sights, and hike a bit more.  we go over to this bowl type place that has been carved out of the stand stone by the ocean's waves.  robbie and i are intrigued.  we look closer.  there seems to be a viable way to get down there.  he's all for it.  i say what the hell, and we make our way down the cliff.  yes, we're walking down a cliff.  very steep in some places, not so steep in others.  i slipped and slid my way down a portion of the cliff and left some skin back there.  not too bad, but my hands hurt a great deal.  we make it down there.  (oh yea, it's slightly rainy, and cold.  sand mountain is made out of sand stone, sand, and clay.  lets continue.)  so we're down there, lookin at all the rocks.  there was a huge tide pool, it was lots of fun and very pretty.  we were thinkin that maybe in the summer time it would be fun to hike down there and wade around in this tide pool because it is huge and not directly connected to the ocean itself so it will be warmer than the actual ocean.  we look around, see the sights.  we walk upon this black algea.  whoop!  many slips and almost falls later, we decide it's better to walk on the swarthy barnicles.  (yes... swarthy.)  take some pictures, la de da, good times.  we decide it's time to head back.  we turn around and make our way back.  i slip.  i fall.  greatly.  like i fall on my stomach, not just trip and oops, i fall hard.  dad's digi cam is in my pocket.  shit.  i put my arms out to brace myself, my legs have gone out from under me.  i fall hard on my right arm.  got the wind knocked out of me somethin fierce.  so i'm laying down on the slippery algea barnicle covered rock.  terrible pain in my arm.  i slowly get back up and survey the damage.  my pants, shirt and flogging molly hoody are gross.  my hands hurt.  i look at my arm where it hurts, up by the elbow on my forearm.  christ almighty there is an instant blue spot on my arm.  i seriously think i broke a blood vessel/vein because it was just so very blue and kind of a big mark.  the area is instantly a different color and hurts like a sumbitch.  ok... fine.  i can deal.  so we carefully make our way to the cliff that we came down on.  hmm, yea.  getting down a steep cliff is one thing.  getting up is totally different.  so we see a way up.  go to the left and you can get on this ledge thing fairly easily and the ledge follows the cliff around to the part that isn't as steep as the rest of it.  seems like a good idea.  i go up first and so far it's pretty good.  then i hit a really muddy part and holyl shit, start to slide down the cliff.  i catch myself and i'm just.... hanging there.  holding myself up with one strategically placed food and my arms.  i can't move.  robbie gets below me and helps me back down to try this again.  he goes first this time and gets to a point where he can stop and wait for me.  i try again.  i'm doin alright.  i get to that same spot, and down i go again.  robbie is now behind me so he tries to help me up.  either just me, or both of us lost our footing and we slide down the cliff on our asses.  (i'm actually laughing right now, because... damn.  i was laughing during this whole thing because it's either laugh or cry.  we're hurt.  our asses hurt a lot.  our hands hurt.  our arms hurt, our backs hurt.  so we try this again.  he goes up first, this time w/out shoes.  gets to a really good spot.  waits for me.  i take my shoes and socks off, and i go up.  mother fucker i slip in the same spot again!  i tried different footing and everything.  so he gets behind me and grabs ahold of my arm and with his help i slowly inch my way back up, on my ass, using my hands and feet to crab walk up the cliff.  i get to a place that i can sit, and i do just that.  sit.  i creep my way on the ridge on my ass, placing my hands and feet in the best places i can find.  we come to the first slightly level spot.  i turn around very carefully and crawl on my hands and feet. now we're at the next steep spot.  he scrambles up there fairly easily.  slips a few times, but no huge deal.  i on the other hand, at this point was scared.  because it started raining more, and it was so muddy and slick and i like to take my time and know where i'm putting my feet.  this particular incline isn't one where you can take your time.  you have to scramble, but i'm scared (and we're quite a bit further up the cliff) so i just hold on for a while in one spot.  then i just said fuck it, i can't stay here for ever.  i scramble like i've never scrambled before, each time slipping a little bit.  but it's like walking on water i guess.  you can't stay in one spot for too long, or you'll sink.  so we make it to the last hurdle, if you will.  much steeper.  fairly verticle.  there is one place to put a foot for maybe half a second, 'cause then you'd start to slip.  by this time i am tired.  i am scared, and i am cold.  it got very very cold on our journey up.  i have my right foot in a semi safe spot, my left foot in a semi safe spot, and i'm holding on to the top of the cliff with my right and left hand.  robbie was able to make this fairly easily because he has sufficent upper body strength and he's also quite a bit taller than i am.  i am literally clinging to the top and afraid to let go.  i can't do it.  he says that if i take ahold of his arm, he'll help me up.  i'm too afraid to let go.  he then says that i don't have to worry, if i just hold on to him, he will pull me up and over, no matter where my footing is, i just have to rely on him.  to my left is a canyoney type thing.  behind me is a steep incline, to my right is kind of a wall.  (my hands are sweating as i type this.)  i'm afraid that if he can't pull me up, then i swing over to the left and tumble down the canyon-esque thing.  i'm terrified that he won't be able to pull me up.  at this point i start to hyperventalate, my body starts to shake, and i truly truly honestly believe 1 of three things.  1) they're going to have to call the search and rescue team, because i can't make it.  2) i'm going to fall and break something vital.  3)  i'm going to die.  right here and now.  the search and rescue team thing was always on my mind.  the falling and breaking something was on my mind for a good while.  (dodgy knee.)  the dying thing was on my mind right then.  because unlike the other times where i slipped and fell, i had a lot further to fall now.  i'm still clinging on to the side of the cliff, but my appendages are starting to get tired.  i'm starting to feel sick and light headed.  (prolly because of the hyperventalating and rediculous amount of fear i'm feeling.)  finally i grab his arm and say ok.  i put my foot in the spot where he told me too and he pulled and i tried to hoist myself up the cliff, foot was starting to slip and i'm trying to put my feet any where that they would stick but they weren't, my other hand is fucking grasping for anything.  he basically pulled me up and over the cliff.  honestly it was 90% him pulling.  so with him pulling and me crawling, we're on level ground.  i have never been more relieved in all my life.  like, never.  i look up, and there is another steep part that didn't seem that way coming down at all.  but now it's been raining and it's slick.  i start to scramble up it and then start to slip.  robbie grabs my hand and helps me up.  we are safe.  finally.  we're at the top, allison is waiting up there for us (she was the smart one!) and she was fairly worried about us.  she was about to go call the search and rescue.  i stand.  i am so tired.  i am so dirty because of the mud, sand and clay that is everywhere, all over my clothes.  i literally look like i rolled in mud.  (which i kinda did.)  robbie is dirty too.  not quite as bad as i am, but he's still muddy and sandy like, woa.  so we go up the rest of the mountain, through the forest, and back down.  it is down fairly dark.  it's very windy.  it's also very rainy.  fucking miserable!  by this point i've put my shoes back on and now they're filled with sand.  walked back to the car which seemed to take for ever.  got in the car, sand and all.  that's when my nerves broke.  started shaking very very badly, like one would if they were really cold, but by this point i had warmed up enough to where i should be shaking this badly.  it was crazy shaking, looked like i was trying to make myself shake but i wasn't.  we sit.  i've never needed a cigarette so badly in my life, so we sit and smoke.  then we go to the pelican brew pub which is right on the beach in the same parking lot as the cape kiwanda beach.  yea... we drive over to it.  it's only on the other side of the parking lot but yanno what, fuck this shit.  so we go in and luckily i brought a change of pants and socks.  (no shirt though.)  i go in and go to the bathroom to change my pants.  i think about changing my socks but i would of had to stick my feet in the sink to wash them off, then put on the socks, then put my nice washed off feet and clean socks into shoes filled with sand.  so i just say fuck it and put my shoes back on.  walk back out to our table and sit there with clean pants, a terribly muddy/wet shirt and rediculously sandy shoes.  we eat.  oh do we eat.  i had calmed down enough to stop shaking and enjoy our adventure.  we start laughing.  a lot.  ok ok, i start laughing at nothing just because of how tense i was and i needed to release it.  it was either laugh or cry.  we have fantastic food.  their artichoke dip is divine.  their bread is wonderful.  the grilled chicken penne pasta is lovely.  even their lemonade is good.  we eat our fill, we drink, and we go back to the car.  luckily i had calmed down enough to drive.  so we make our way home.  besides extreme fog, jack asses riding my ass, bright light fuckers that didn't dim their lights, and an owl flying across my wind shield, it was a fairly uneventful ride home.  i have never been so glad to see hillsburrito in my life, because that told me we were close to home.  dropped allison and robbie off, thanked them for a wonderful day and for saving my life, and came home.  threw my clothes in the wash.  (i've washed them once with a rinse, rinsed them again, and now they're in the dryer.  i think they've survived.  my shoes on the other hand... i'm hoping for the best.  because i really love those shoes.  they're my black and pink airwalks.)  rinsed off my feet, and came to the computer to sit and tell our tale.  it was definately an interesting, extreme, unforgettable day.  now i'm going to go shower, and go to bed.  holy christ my arm hurts. current mood:  thankful
(6 comments |comment on this)saturday, march 25th, 20067:21 pm
possibly offensive to some.  immigration rant. los angeles - tens of thousands of immigrant rights advocates from across southern california marched saturday in protest of federal legislation that would build more walls along the u.s.-mexico border and make helping illegal immigrants a crime. http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20060326/ap_on_re_us/immigration_rallies~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~now let me get this straight.  people are marching because we are trying to prevent illegal immigrants.  it's bad because we are trying to uphold the law?!  because we should let everyone into this country, no papers, nothing to say who you are or why you're here.  am i the only one that see's this as a problem?  you don't see marches going on because they're trying to uphold the law saying that armed robbery is a bad thing, do you?  now i have no problem with people immigrating to this country.  but for fucks sake people, do it legally.  it's not that hard to get into america.  try becoming a citizen of the uk.  you can't!  you can get a long term visa, but you can't actually become a citizen of the uk if you're not born there.  you've got to work for what you want.  you want to come to america?  learn some fucking english and come over legally.  sure it will take a little longer, but at least you'd have some fucking dignity and respect.  america can't provide for the actual citizens it has now.  we don't need a bunch of illegal immigrants getting a free ride and not doing a damn thing for it.  think i'm blowing it out of proportion?  go to wenatchee.  80% of the population is mexican, and i would bet that 1/2 of those are here illegally.  you find most of them have huge families that they can't provide for.  now not all are like this.  i realize that there are many people out there that have moved to this country from mexico and they're doing everything correctly or most things correctly anyway.  i salute them for rising above the others.however, in my life time i have met two mexican males that were nice, and didn't slobber all over me/paw me/make lewd comments towards me.  it's shit like this that gives me the opinions that i have about certain types of people.  i base my opinions on life experiences and what i know.  i give everyone the benefit of the doubt, but c'mon.  this is just annoying. current mood:  irritated
(comment on this)12:26 pm
pictures from 9th grade. take that to the bank! current mood:  in pain
(comment on this)monday, march 13th, 20061:01 am
hair! i dyed my hair today.  i'm happy with the outcome.before.after.whatcha all think?  it's a very difficult color to photograph.  if there is no light, then it just looks dark.  i'm going to glow in the sun.  =d current mood:  pleased
(comment on this)thursday, march 9th, 200612:00 pm
holy cats who ordered snow?  in march? current mood:  amused
(comment on this)monday, march 6th, 20062:04 pm
*twitch, twitch* i'm about to break.  it was windy last night.  twice it was so windy that it jarred the doors.  when that happen, the "beep beep beep" sound goes to alert you of a door being opened.  i was sleeping, in the middle of a dream when suddenly i hear that beep beep beep sound.  i proceed to shit myself, and with a mag flashlight in hand i very slowly creep up the stairs to check it out.  everything was still locked and seemed kosher so i went back downstairs to check the sliding glass door.  it seems that somehow it opened a little bit.  so i push it shut and check the system panel and it says ready with the green light on, which means that the house is secure.  i crawl back into bed and keep the light on.  charlie brown  jumped off the bed when i got up, and now wanted to come back up.  so he started to whimper.  he won't just come up, he has to be asked.  so i did.  he jumps up on the bed, then on me and sneezes right in my face.  (when he gets excited, he sneezes.  fuck if i know.)  it took a great deal of will power to keep me from striking that dog.  then he goes to the other side of the bed and starts rooting around in the bed.  now, that bed... got forbid you move, because the whole bed moves.  it's not really ideal for more than one person.  so the dog is totally rocking the bed.  then kelly decides now would be a great time to lick his paw, so i have one dog rooting around sneezing, and i have another dog making these disgusting sounding wet slimy licking sounds that are surprisingly loud.  my eye proceeds to twitch.  a lot.  i'm two seconds from crying.  this is at 5 in the morning.  7 rolls around, and kelly moves up on the pillow next to me.  so now i have a stinky dog next to me, that suddenly does one, sharp bark.  at 7.  am.  i don't know if i woke up because of the bark, or because i shit myself.  either way, i was pissed.  they wanted to go outside.  ok, fine.  i throw on the robe, then wonder why they wanted to go outside when they have no problem going in the house.  i step in dog shit.  i wash dog shit off.  i go upstairs, see a puddle.  fuck me running.  i'm starting to hate these dogs.  we go outside.  i noticed that my recycle bin is no longer in front of the house, but is skidding at a nice pace down the hill because it's windy.  i come back in and go back to bed.  i get woken up at 11.  by the alarm going off again.  fine, fuck it, i'm up!  i'm going to go fucking crazy.  i want to sit around, play video games, drink some fuckin mt. dew and have spagetti tonight for dinner.  but i want to hang out with someone too, 'cause i'm starting to go ape shit. current mood:  cranky
(comment on this)

[ << previous 20 ]






it's just pictures of me

 
about livejournal.com































