





kenneth jarvis pllc - your local cpa firm























 




home
about
services
team
contact
client login
get started










your trusted local cpa firm serving manatee and sarasota florida counties. 
your financial success is our top priority. let's achieve it together.



get started








about the firm



 kenneth jarvis pllc is a boutique accounting firm that has been providing expert financial guidance to individuals and businesses in the manatee and sarasota florida area since 2002. with our focus on payroll, tax, accounting, and fractional chief financial officer services, we specialize in helping our clients discover and achieve their bottom-line potential. 
what makes us different is that we tend to limit our clients to those that align with our specialty and philosophy. by vetting our clients, you are guaranteed high-end personal experience with an accounting firm that really cares about you and your financial success. at kenneth jarvis pllc, we believe in building strong relationships with our clients and providing personalized attention to their unique needs. what matters to you matters to us, whether you are an individual or a business. 
all our solutions are custom tailored to meet your financial lifecycle needs from start up to growth to maturity and ultimately exit and beyond. our experienced professionals work closely with you to understand your financial goals and objectives and develop customized strategies to help you achieve them. conveniently located right off i-75 and sr 70, kenneth jarvis pllc is here to help with all of your financial needs. contact us today to learn how we can help you take your finances to the next level. 




 
 
 
 




services










payroll
experience the power of hassle-free payroll management with our expert team. we handle everything from payroll processing and tax filing to reporting and compliance, leaving you with more time to focus on growing your business and delighting your customers.










tax
make taxes a breeze with our services. we handle everything from compliance to resolution, so you can focus on what matters most to you. whether you're an individual or a business owner, trust us to take care of your tax obligations efficiently and effectively.










accounting
invest in the financial success of your business. our accounting services will help you stay organized, compliant, and profitable, giving you the freedom to focus on what you do best.











fractional cfo
make smart financial decisions with confidence. our fractional cfo services will provide you with accurate financial data and expert analysis, giving you the insights you need to stay ahead of the competition.





 
 




team














kenneth jarvis
ceo & managing member















joyce pascuzzi
office manager















karolina cymek
staff accountant















mary-lynn hanner
tax specialist






 
 




contact
conveniently located right off of i-75 and sr 70









location:
9030 58th dr, ste 101a lakewood ranch fl 34202       



email:
for security reasons, the firm only allows the receipt of emails from known contacts. if you are a prospect, then either call or use this web page form.



call:
941-907-9188



















loading

your message has been sent. thank you!

send message












          copyright â© 2002 - 2023 kenneth jarvis pllc. all rights reserved
        
















