

dream watches blog












dream watches blog - virtual display of the most beautiful and desirable timepieces
















    
	dream watches blog
	
  
virtual display of the most beautiful and desirable timepieces.





monday, november 09, 2015



	 
	 tic watches are again stockting g-shock, great news for lovers of discount prices!!
	 
    


what does your watch say about you?

 every watch brand sends a different message. to that end, you have to make an informed decision about the sort of watch you want to sport on your wrist.
send the wrong message and you can come off looking foolish. take the person putting their new rolex on a pedestal as an example. rather than classy and chic, they find themselves looking like a used car salesperson who had a good month.
we’re going to run through some of the biggest brands and show you what image you are likely to project with each one, thanks to tic watches for letting us in their darlington store and have a play with the products!
timex
this is the ultimate all-american brand. founded in connecticut over a hundred years ago, these watches are mainly made in asia. this is a watch that garners respect, the same respect that the brand gained when it led the field in american horology.

with so many designs inspired by the military, this brand is hip once again. it’s a brand to show off your money while incorporating america’s rich history in watches.

casio g-shock

 casio has two sides to it. wear one of the pathfinder watches and it says you are a guy who likes going outside and getting things done. they’re designed for the active man. on the other hand, wear it with a formal shirt and you’re a man that knows nothing about fashion.

look to the g-shock line of watches. this is one of the most rugged timepieces you can find. celebrities and rappers have been wearing the g-shock for years. it’s a watch for the purist. but never ever wear a casio g-shock with a suit ha ha view the lineup of discount g-shock here
rolex

a rolex watch is the brand everyone knows about, but it can also come off in two ways.

when done right, it is a timeless watch that’s about as masculine as you can get. the way you behave while wearing one will influence whether this is the message you send, though. shove it in people’s faces and this brand name can quickly become a hindrance.
learn about its history and its lineage, but see it as an addition to your overall look. never make it seem as if it’s your entire look all at once.
iwc

an iwc watch is a watch that has to be worn consciously. iwc tool watches have a place in history. it’s a luxury timepiece for the man who likes to use his brains to get things done. on the other hand, it’s not a watch you would ever wear with an elegant suit.

it is anything but gaudy, so pair it accordingly.
patek philippe

wear a patek philippe watch and you’re a man that likes to do what he wants whenever he likes. it’s probably the leading watch in the world right now. yes, it’s even more popular than rolex.

patek philippe watches are worn by captains of industry and leading businessmen. it is a watch for the power suit wearer. these watches are slim and timid, but they are easily noticeable from a distance. they come with a price tag to match, but if you fall into the categories mentioned above, that’s likely not a problem for you.
swatch

the swatch is always an interesting proposition. it started out as the watch for the hipster. it was commonly found on the wrists of indie boy bands all over the world. on the other hand, this is also known as the watch that single-handedly saved the watch industry in switzerland.

it did this back in the 1980s when quartz was the big thing. this ultra-thin watch came in dozens of colours and vastly increased production in the swiss watch industry.

a man who wears a swatch appreciates history. it’s also the choice of watch for the artist.
tissot

finally, we come to the tissot. this is known as a compromise watch. it’s for the man who really cannot decide what he wants out of life. 

we are not saying that a tissot is not a nice watch. on the contrary, these can look extremely fashionable, but you are never going to impress anybody. you are never going to stand out. if a rolex was for a president, then a tissot is for a vice-president. it is settling for second best.
which watch should you buy?

there is an enormous choice for you when it comes to choosing a watch. ultimately, picking the right watch is about finding the watch you feel comfortable with. there is little need for purchasing a watch that goes well with a suit if you are the sort of person that never wears a suit.

we recommend looking online for the best deals while also visiting an actual store to see what they have to offer. an in-person fitting is always a good idea, even if just to make sure you are getting the right size.



posted by jakk at 10:15






thursday, april 28, 2011





things to know about ice watches

ice watches are manufactured by a belgian designer, and have become extremely popular over the past 4 years. they originally appeared on the market in 2007, and have since then exploded in popularity. they are currently being sold in 55 countries throughout the world. for such a young brand to gain so much popularity, chances are they're doing something right. probably one of the major selling points of ice watches lies in their overall versatility, lower prices than higher-end designer brands, and fashionable designs that appeal to people from all walks of life. let's take a closer look at ice watches.

a design for everyone

what sets the ice watch apart from the rest? if you had to name one thing, it would have to be colour. ice watches are available in an assorted range of different colour combinations. the colours that are used are not plain or flat-looking, but bold and vivid. the ice watch can attract attention from across the room because it has a unique, colourful design with a youthful flair that is not commonly seen in a lot of modern designer watches. additionally, ice-watches are unisex, so both men and women will easily be able to find a model that appeal to them.

flexibility

some people have a big thing for fashion, and not all colours blend in correctly with every outfit. even a classic steel watch might look out of place with that cocktail dress, so it's important to have several options to choose form. because ice watches are somewhat lower priced than other designer brands, they are great for people who like to mix up their styles every now and then. they fit casual and contemporary fashion quite well.

additional features

ice watches have a variety of other features that make them attractive. when you first lay eyes on an ice watch, chances are the first thing that will stand out to you is the amazing colour. if you take a closer look, you will see that the display of the watch itself is very intricately designed. most have luminous hands that enable you to recognize the time even if you happen to be in a very dark area. some models can be custom ordered to have crystals or diamonds encrusted into the display area or wrist band. if you are trying to make a statement and stand out from the crowd, an ice watch should definitely be included within your list of options.


 


available models

one of things that set the ice watch apart from the rest is innovation in design. instead of having a fixed line of models with few updates, there are new ice watch lines and models released every several years. you could go with a classic clear, a still winter, or an ice-chocolate. there are literally hundreds of different colour combinations to choose from. chances are you will spend a bit of time looking through the different models available before you make your mind up about the one you like best.

ice watch have a wide range but you have to buy from stockists as they dont sell directly our recomended is tic watches  also sell armani watches and other designer brands like g-shock and henry london all with free delivery and are the largest stockists in the uk.




posted by jakk at 14:37






friday, november 30, 2007




louis erard 1931 loving beauty

reference: 932 14 or 01. material: case in 18k rose gold, 41 gr. glass: sapphire glass. movement: movement eta automatic 2824 with complication dubois dépraz 9000. functions: hours, minutes, seconds, day, date, month and moon phase. dial: opalin silver skeleton dial. 4n hands. case: see through case back with mineral glass. strap/bracelet: genuine croco strap with 18k rose gold buckle. ø of case: case 40mm.

http://www.montres-louiserard.chlabels: louis erard



posted by timepiece dreamer at 12:26






sunday, october 28, 2007




the "vintage serie"daniel roth  metropolitanref. 857 st. made circa 2000. double-ellipse-shaped and curved, two-time zone, self-winding, water-resistant, stainless steel gentleman’s wristwatch with a stainless steel daniel roth deployant clasp. two-body case, polished, case back with 4 screws, stepped bezel, co-axial push button in the crown to adjust the different time zones, sapphire crystal. dial: "guilloché" gray with luminous arabic numerals, apertures at 12 and 6 for major cities in different time zones, apertures for am/pm indication. white "flèche" hands. movement: caliber dr 700/21, rhodium-plated, "fausses côtes" decoration, 26 jewels, straight line lever escapement, monometallic balance, shock-absorber, self-compensating flat balance-spring. dim. 38 x 41 mm. thickness 12 mm.labels: daniel roth, vintage serie



posted by timepiece dreamer at 20:18






monday, october 22, 2007




parmigiani fleurier kalpagraph chronograph

movement: mechanical, parmigiani fleurier 334 calibre, automatic rewind and completely manufactured. solid gold for the gold kalpagraph version. the bridge is chamfered by hand in the ‘côtes de genève’ decor. alt/h 28,800. diameter: 13 ¼ ‘’’/ 30.00 mm. height: 6.80 mm. 68 rubies. running time: 55 hours. functions: hours, minutes, seconds, central chronograph, chronograph function with hour and minute timer, large date aperture. dial: silver or lack for the steel and gold version, silver or slate for the palladium version. case: 18 carat, pink gold, palladium 950 or steel. push buttons rounded for the steel version with larger on-off push button. watch push buttons oblong for the gold and palladium versions. bracelet: hermès alligator, colour havanna or black with tongue buckle for the gold or palladium version and hermès calfskin or rubber for the steel version.

http://www.parmigiani.chlabels: parmigiani fleurier



posted by timepiece dreamer at 12:51






sunday, october 21, 2007




delacour bitourbillon

calibre dc297. flying bi-tourbillon driven by a differential to maintain a constant force. the differential allows the equalization of the function of the two tourbillons and improves the precision.indication of the hour and second time zone with instantaneous change. indication of the moon phase with a mechanism that shows a shooting star passing furtively every 6 minutes in front of the moon phase. power reserve 50 hours. creation: pierre koukjian. 

http://www.delacour.chlabels: delacour



posted by timepiece dreamer at 11:47






wednesday, october 17, 2007




alain silberstein tourbillon wild safari

movement with a (flying) tourbillon (produced by stt). hand winding movement (asc 1.3). autonomy: 90 hours. frequency: 4 hz (28,800 a/h). 2 barrels. 25 jewels. titanium case with bronze pvd finish, gained with alligator skin. watch dial made in cloisonné laqué. date dial made in mother-of-pearl. transparent back. antiglare sapphire crystal. water resistant to 3 bar.

http://www.a-silberstein.frlabels: alain silberstein



posted by timepiece dreamer at 11:55






monday, october 15, 2007




jean-mairet & gillman monopusher chrono



43mm hand polished, crystal back in white gold. limited edition. mechanical jmg 2006mp/5000 manual column wheel mono-pusher chronograph 42 hours power reserve. 30 min counter at 3’ and 60 seconds counter at 9’. hours, minutes, seconds, column wheel mono-pusher chronograph. dial in silver opalin with black painted jmg numbers.

http://www.jean-mairetgillman.comlabels: jean-mairet et gillman



posted by timepiece dreamer at 12:20






tuesday, september 25, 2007




the "only watch 2007" serie
hublot big bang only watch

lot 17
pièce unique. a very fine, oversized black ceramic and titanium gentleman’s wristwatch with chronograph, 30-min and 12-hour registers and date.


http://www.antiquorum.com
http://www.hublot.comlabels: hublot, onlywatch2007



posted by timepiece dreamer at 12:24






thursday, september 13, 2007




harry winston excenter perpetual calendar

ref.: 200/mapc41wl.a or 200/mapc41wl.w. movement: automatic. functions: hours, minutes, 2nd time zone. retrograde month indication, retrograde day,indication, moon phases indication, leap year indication. case: 41 mm, white gold. dial: anthracite dial or silver dial. crystal: anti-glare sapphire. case back: sapphire. strap: black alligator. water resistance: 30 meters (3 atm).

http://www.harrywinston.comlabels: harry winston



posted by timepiece dreamer at 19:08






saturday, august 18, 2007




the "only watch 2007" serie
harry winston avenue exotic birds

lot 16
set n°1 of a limited edition of 5”
a very fine set of four 18k white gold gem-set lady’s wristwatches with gem set cloisonné enamel dials; this new mini-collection is a fresh artistic and romantic interpretation of the exotic birds theme.

http://www.antiquorum.com
http://www.harrywinston.comlabels: harry winston, onlywatch2007



posted by timepiece dreamer at 10:56






thursday, august 09, 2007




rodolphe  instinct basic 4851 chrono céramiquemovement: rodolphe rc2021 10 ½ ‘’’ caliber, automatic winding. luxury version, rhodium-plated module, circular-grained bottom-plate and mechanism cover, high quality regulator, blued screws, circular côtes de genève wave decoration on the oscillating weight engraved with the name rodolphe. 28,800 vibrations/hour (4hz). 47 jewels. power-reserve of 40 to 44 hours. water-resistance to 50 meters. functions: hours, minutes, seconds, date, 12 hour / minutes / seconds chronograph. case: black ceramic. dial: black mother-of-pearl, hand-painted numerals, rings with steel galvanic treatment. screw-down crown and press-fitted steel pushers. dimensions: 48 mm (width) x 51 mm (length). crystal: sapphire crystal with anti-glare treatment on both sides. hands: brass with steel galvanic treatment and luminova coating. buckle: black alligator skin. bracelet: black pvd buckle. http://www.rodolphewatch.comlabels: rodolph



posted by timepiece dreamer at 07:22






saturday, august 04, 2007




the "only watch 2007" serie
glashütte original prince’s palace of monaco

lot 15
piece unique. an exceptional 18k rose gold self-winding gentleman’s wristwatch with a meissen porcelain dial with a polychrome depiction of the ““prince’s palace of monaco”.

http://www.antiquorum.com
http://www.glashuette-original.comlabels: glashütte, onlywatch2007



posted by timepiece dreamer at 17:00











about me

    	name: timepiecedreamer
    
        location: neuchâtel, switzerland
     

contact
email me


neuchatel, switzerland current weather

feeds 




sponsors



web links

watch valley
tempered - artisan watchmakers
watchreport.com
watch infoniac
onemorewatch
my designer watches
watch fanatic
tiempo de lujo
watchescorner.blogspot.com
tiptop watches
timetapestry
watchreport.net
watchuseek
the purist
chad the watch guy
 velociphile's journey into watches
centre culturel de la haute horlogerie
kronos club
kronosblog
watching horology
montres (watches)
chuck maddox's watch blog
watchismo times
professionalwatches
thetimetv
swiss watch making year
europastar
federation of the swiss watch industry fh
timezone
fratellowatches
wristwatchreview
wrist watch forums
amateurconblog
wrist dreams
equation of time
swisstime
horlogerie-suisse
worldtempus
antiquorum
la cote des montres


my favorites blogs

skype journal
autoblog
engadget
gizmodo
jalopnik
the red ferret journal
hackaday
luxist
designer watches

archives

april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
april 2011
november 2015







 only search dreamwatches.blogspot.com/









www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing public photos from timepiecedreamer. make your own badge here.





watches links

aerowatch
alpina - geneve
angular momentum
anonimo firenze
antoine preziuso
aquanautic
archimede
armand nicolet
armin strom
arnold and son
alain silberstein
atlantic
audemars piguet
auguste reymond
azimuth
ball
balmain
pierre balmain
baume & mercier
bedat & co
bell & ross
berney - blondeau
bertolucci
beuchat
blancier
blancpain
blu
jacques boegli
bombardier
bovet 1822
breguet
breitling
brm
buler
bvlgari
bulova
bunz
carl f. bucherer
cartier
century
certina
chanel
charriol
chopard
chronographe suisse
chronoswiss
christophe claret
clerc
concord
corum
cuervo y sobrinos
cyclos
cvstos
daniel jean richard
daniel mink
daniel roth
de bethune
de grisogono
delacour
delance
delaneau
dewitt
dodane 1857
doxa
dubey & schaldenbrand
dubois & fils
dunhill
ebel
eberhard
emile pequignet
epos
eterna
121 time
favre-leuba
formex
fortis
f.p. journe
franck muller
franc vila
frederique constant
gerald charles
gerald genta
gevril
girard-perregaux
giuliano mazzuoli
glashuette
glycine
golay spierer
goldpfeil
graham
grenacher
greubel forsey
grovana
guebelin
guy ellia
hamilton
hanhart
swiss military
harry winston
harwood
hautlence
hd3 complication
hebe
horoswiss
hublot
ikepod
invicta
iwc
iwi
jacob jensen
jacques etoile
jaeger-lecoultre
japy
jaquet-droz 
jean d'eve
jean dunand
jean-mairet & gillman
jean marcel
jean perret
jovial
juvenia
kees engelbarts
christiaan van der klaauw
kronotype
lang & heyne
a. lange & soehne
leschot
lindburgh-benson
locman
longines
louis chevrolet
lorenz
louis moinet
magellan
marcello c.
mauboussin
maurice lacroix
mcgonigle
mb&f
michel herbelin
michel jordi
mido
milleret
milus
montblanc
sbarro
louis erard
movado
nauticfish
nhc
nivrel
north eagles
olivier roux
omega
oris
panerai
parmigiani fleurier
patek philippe
paul picot
pequignet
perrelet
piaget
pierre deroche
pierre kunz
pilo & co
poljot
porsche design
quinting
rado
rainer brand
rsw
raymond weil
revue thommen
reynaud
richard mille
rodolphe
roger dubuis
rolex
romain jerome
rotary
roamer
sarcar
scalfaro
seiko
shellman
side watch
sigma
sothis
speake-marin
stifani
stowa
svend andersen
swatch
swatch group 
swiss defender
tag heuer
technomarine
tiret
tissot
titoni
tudor
tutima
haldimann
ulysse nardin
union
universal geneve
urwerk
vacheron constantin
van cleef and arpels
van der bauwede
ventura
vianney halter
villemont
vincent bérard
vincent calabrese
vogard
voutilainen
louis vuitton
vulcain
waltham
wyler vetta
xezo
zenith
zeno
zitura













 













