


goffice - home


























goffice






	by kevin warnock












								home
							
























dear goffice.com users:thank you for using goffice.com over the years. goffice was the first true online office suite. it launched in 2004, nearly two years before google docs and before zoho and all the other online office suites that ran in the browser without plugins like java.silveroffice, inc., the company that brought you goffice is in the process of being dissolved, pending the filing of the paperwork with california and delaware. silveroffice, inc. stopped doing business earlier this year, after starting business 3/3/03. it's sad that that company did not work out, but i know why it did not, and i learned a lot in the process. thank you to everyone that helped me along the way -- my friends, family and other contributors.the goffice.com domain name is and has always been owned by kevin warnock, not silveroffice, inc., so this domain will live on, but will no longer be associated with silveroffice, inc. or that company's products or services, which are now retired. instead, the goffice domain will host a site that i hope one day will chronicle the history of the online office suite. the silveroffice.com domain name is for sale.i will likely start another internet company, and that company will likely be of interest to you if you were interested in goffice. thus, i invite you to leave me your contact information so that i can alert you if and when i launch a new website, which will nearly certainly be at a new domain, not this one.if you would be willing to talk with me about my new website, please leave your phone number in the comment section. i want to talk with prospective customers so that i build the right product.i write a personal blog at http://kevinwarnock.com and i publish my photographs of models at http://photography.kevinwarnock.com. i invite you to subscribe to me on facebook at http://facebook.com/kevinlwarnock/.sincerely,kevin warnockdecember 8, 2012san francisco, california usa




please leave your contact information to be alerted about kevin's next venture
* indicates required field
name *



first



last





email *






comment *

















submit












site powered by weebly. managed by bluehost






