










bear creek lumber - bear creek lumber

































































		skip to content

 







 
 













specials
free quote
blog
contact

















 

products

siding
siding patterns
ceiling paneling
interior paneling
decking
timbers
post and beam
trim
fascia
soffits
shakes and shingles
peeled logs
garden
flooring
fencing
recycled
sustainable
all products chart


species

western red cedar
alaskan yellow cedar
port orford cedar
douglas fir
pine / spruce
hemlock
redwood
teak
ipe / jatoba
available grades in all species


general info

about us
faq
online literature
timberline archives
contact us


projects

featured projects
architects
contractors
homeowners
manufacturers


testimonials
store

free quote
specials


services

free quote
timberline blog
stainless steel nails
custom milling
logistics / shipping
ordering
helpful tips about…


images

weathered western red cedar
raw lumber
products in application












 



 search











 





 










 


bear creek lumber ~ cedar sidingcedar ceilingcedar paneling 


 previous


 next







bear creek lumber specializing in western red cedar lumber products 















 
get a free quote here















products distributor 



 bear creek lumber is a family owned and operated lumber yard that specializes in western red cedar lumber products. we are located in the methow valley between twisp and winthrop, wa. the original location opened its doors in 1977 and has been offering high value lumber materials ever since. we always enjoy meeting new people and welcoming back old friends.  







best prices for cedar lumber 



get current cedar lumber prices and specific pricing for red cedar lumber, yellow cedar lumber, port orford cedar, douglas fir, redwood, ponderosa pine, hemlock, spruce, ipe and teak. each of these species of lumber can be used in various ways for siding, paneling, ceiling paneling, timbers, trim, post and beam, decking, cedar wood planks, garden, fascia and recycled/reclaimed products. 







jobsite direct delivery​ 



bear creek lumber offers jobsite direct, worldwide delivery even though the majority of our business is within the united states and canada.our shipping coordinators and partners use the very best methods to package and secure lumber units so that your materials arrive on site in the same shape they left our facility. 











expert advice and free quotes for western red cedar lumber and other natural wood and lumber products 



the best prices, quality, and availability for cedar tongue and groove products, timbers, and cedar wood planks along with other lumber products for your next home, business, architectural and/or manufacturing projects since 1977!along with our unique inventory of top quality, hard to find cedar lumber products and natural wood species, we also have an extensive supply chain network, little known sources and connections that allow us to get the best prices for red cedar, yellow cedar and other natural wood and lumber products. get prices for tongue and groove cedar ceiling, paneling, and siding along with other high value materials in various sizes, grades, quantities and lengths that are not available to most people. if we don’t have it, we can get it, or we can offer you an option you might not be aware of. either way, we deliver the best quality materials for the most affordable prices. 












 









 









 









 












 


facebook
 



instagram
 



pinterest
 



houzz
 



linkedin
 



facebook
 














 



bear creek lumber ~ alaskan yellow cedar ceiling paneling 



bear creek lumber cedar and other natural wood and lumber products for interior & architectural design  



your home or office is a place that needs to look comfortable, appealing, and stylish to give you the much-needed relaxed atmosphere. this can only be achieved by choosing the best interior décor, wall paneling, and/or ceiling paneling that will bring an attractive, striking look. some interior designs work wonders in every home or office, but the type of material used is what determines how your interior will look.western red cedar and other natural wood and lumber products are among the best materials for wall paneling and ceiling paneling that bring perfection to every interior. using natural wood to design your interior comes with many benefits over the other materials.benefits of using western red cedar and other natural wood and lumber products for your office or home interiorincorporating these types of wood in your home interiors will ensure rapid cooling and heating of the space. it also absorbs noise (making your interiors conducive) and atmospheric carbon, making the space much healthier for you.western red cedar and other natural wood and lumber products are one of the most durable materials out there, making it a favorite amongst home designers.western red cedar and other natural wood and lumber products can be used virtually everywhere – inside and out – as a design element to complement any style.in addition to the durable, classic beauty of fine wood furniture, envision it on your floors, walls, ceilings, patios and in accessories throughout your home. 







 
get a free quote here















 



bear creek lumber ~ western red cedar exterior bevel siding, trim and fascia 



bear creek lumber cedar and other natural wood and lumber products for exterior siding, decking, fascia 



exterior product choices can make or break the visual appeal of your next project. when you choose western red cedar and other natural wood and lumber products, your project will immediately increase in value. western red cedar and other natural wood and lumber siding can easily last a century or more, with proper care and maintenance and is completely biodegradable. in the end, a quality siding job adds real value, protection and curb appeal, giving you a great return on your investment.benefits of using western red cedar and other natural wood and lumber products for your next exterior projectwestern red cedar and other natural wood and lumber products have inherently excellent acoustics, so homes are more serene to be in and around.western red cedar and other natural wood and lumber products offer good thermal resistance, further improving homeowner comfort no matter what the season. 







 
get a free quote here















 



douglas fir paneling, ceiling paneling and timbers. 



western red cedar and other natural wood and lumber products for interior and exterior lumber solutions 



no matter where you are using western red cedar and other natural wood and lumber products, it will benefit your next product. lumber products such as timbers, post and beam, trim and peeled logs can be used in interior or exterior projects.  benefits of using western red cedar and other natural wood and lumber products for your next interior or exterior projectsimplicity of construction. the wood beams, joists, and studs can be cut to size onsite and, unlike some other construction materials, no heavy equipment is required.sustainability. lumber is one of the only building materials that regrows. in fact, there is more lumber being grown in the world than is being harvested currently.carbon capture benefits. growing trees absorb carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, emit oxygen and store carbon.western red cedar and other natural wood and lumber products perform better than concrete and steel when it comes to air and water pollution. western red cedar and other natural wood and lumber product’s advantages are recognized by green building rating systems— including certified wood, recycled/reused materials, local sourcing of materials, waste minimization, indoor air quality and life cycle impacts. 







 
get a free quote here















testimonials 



 







what our customers sayabout us 







 
view all











 





 





 
bears love bear creek lumber!! 
just writing to say that i personally love my bear creek lumber deck and so do the bears!!!!



lars g. - juneau, ak




















 





 






the enclosed picture is a replica of norman rockwell's studio in arlington vermont. the replica is located at lake mcconaughy, nebraska's laregst lake. the large north window provides a clear view of the lake and natural lighting for painting. (pictured right. bear creek provided the random width stk vertial cedar siding.



brad k. ~ wallace ne
















 





 






the lumber i received was excellent and has held up through 100 inches of rain a year, for 10 years, with little upkeep!



- bill and marie h. - ak




















 

 







 looking for lumber products? get a quote today! 



get pricing online using our custom quote request form below, or call us now: 1-(800) 597-7191 in order to give you the most accurate quote, we will need specific size, species, and grade information before we can prepare a custom estimate. this information is crucial for us to have and once we know these details, one of our staff will send you a free estimate of the cost of your order.that estimate will include shipping based on the factors discussed above, and the information entered below. if you are unsure of any of these specifications, our sales staff can offer you a variety of choices to work with, contact us today. 







 
get a free lumber quote















subscribe today 



don’t miss out on exclusive updates, industry insights, and special offers! join our email community today and be the first to access valuable resources, expert tips, and innovative solutions that will take your projects to the next level.take control of your success and stay ahead of the curve by subscribing to our email list,. enjoy a wealth of knowledge, inspiration, and opportunities that will propel you forward. sign up now and gain a competitive edge. 



































 












 







 



 
495 t-w eastside county road winthrop, wa 98862




 
po box 669 winthrop, wa 98862




 
customerservice@bearcreeklumber.com





 
facebook















 
(800) 597-7191





 
 (509) 997-3110




 
(509) 997-2040 (fax)



 
mon-fri 7:30am - 4:30 pm




















red cedar lumberpanelingceilingsidingfree quote 













® copyright © 2021 – bear creek lumber, inc. all rights reserved 











 







 

scroll to top


 scroll to top






























