

web physics









devoted to teaching and learning physics with world wide web technology










webphysics is a network of resources for introductory physics teaching.  this webphysics site is maintained by 

prof. andy gavrin

 , department of physics, at indiana university purdue university at indianapolis (iupui.) 
 instructional applications of world wide web technology are developing at a rapid pace at various institutions including iupui. this site will feature some of these developments and provide a forum to share experiences and resources with the physics teaching community.





examples of curricular material
iupui is currently collaborating with the united states air force academy and with davidson college on a project entitled just-in-time teaching. for more information about the project please visit our  jitt pages .
to examine the actual curricular material used in the iupui calculus-based introductory physics sequence please visit the phys152/251 pages.







the webphysics servers




webphysics servers


for more information how to join the webphysics project, contact
gregor novak.
or 
wolfgang christian.

iupui
maintained by gregor novak.

usafa
maintained by evelyn patterson.

university of the virgin islands
maintained by david smith.

davidson college
maintained by wolfgang christian.

rose-hulman
maintained by mike moloney.

moorhead state university
maintained by roger sipson.

nhtc
maintained by doyle davis.

lincoln university
maintained by mazharul huq.

university of indianapolis
maintained by by steve spicklemire.

randolph-macon woman's college
maintained by by peter sheldon.

mississippi state university
maintained by by taha mzoughi.

north carolina a&t state university
maintained by by aaron titus.

university of new orleans
maintained by by ron greene.






what is webphysics?


web physics is a flexible low budget outlet for small volume,

high quality, html based curricular material.

web physics provides a forum for physics educators to exchange

curriculum ideas and resources that make use of the web technology

(primarily public domain material.)

webphysics provides a medium for the dissemination of student

work.

webphysics is democratic. let the democracy of the net do

the weeding.

web physics has low initial investment.

web physics is not a vendor's forum. 




what resources do we want on webphysics servers?


software

multimedia lessons in html multimedia format

distributed learning web courses

multimedia databases

student projects 




for more information on the webphysics curriculum development project, contact
 gregor novak. or


 wolfgang christian.
some physics links

 allen cairns' physics education resource list

physics: preprint archives & publishers & books & journals 

physics around the world: internet market place for physicists

dominic's physics lovers paradise

physics around the world: education




copyright © 1996 iupui	    all rights reserved.
webphysics is a registered trade mark of indiana university




