






atlantic physical therapy center |





































home
blog
about us
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 










atlantic
physical therapy center
is an outpatient physical therapy facility providing the highest quality of physical therapy services to its clients. 
contact us







 




who we are
atlantic physical therapy center (aptc) is an outpatient physical therapy facility providing the highest quality of physical therapy services to its clients. 

 
 
 



aptc was formed in 2001
 as an alternative to the “corporate” or “factory” type physical therapy offices. centrally located in freehold, nj, aptc serves the greater monmouth and ocean county area. aptc provides an upbeat, relaxed and motivating atmosphere for your physical therapy needs. 
atlantic physical therapy center employs only state licensed physical therapists, which practice according to the “code of ethics” set forth by the american physical therapy association. patients are followed by one physical therapist throughout the course of their treatment, from initial evaluation to discharge. 

 
 



 
 
 






who we treat
 atlantic physical therapy center treats any patient who is appropriate for outpatient physical therapy. all treatments are performed by physical therapists. each patient gets an initial evaluation and an individualized treatment plan. we recognize that every person and every injury has specific needs. we always address those needs.

 
 
 






							sports injuries
post operative cases
pediatric
						

 
 
 





							neurological impairments
geriatric
work injury
						

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 




our blog
the highest quality of physical therapy services to its clients.  

 
 
 






no results found
the page you requested could not be found. try refining your search, or use the navigation above to locate the post.



 

 
 
 




we at atpc
love what we do and we help make our patients rehabilitation experience as productive and enjoyable as possible.
inquire now






 





 


quick links
home
about us
blog
contact us

 
 


follow us

 

facebook

twitter

google+

rss

 
 
 
   
 
 



designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress  

 
 
 

















