
home - champion seatingchampion seating | ergonomic office chairs for home and office             

  homeabout uslog inregistermy accountcartcontactfactory direct savings everyday up to 70% off retail  no sales tax*
learn more

toggle navigation



best ergonomic chairs911 chairsleather / wowmeshlab / shop stoolshome officeconference / jury roombig & tallparts / reburbish your chairnewsale/bargain basement
build your chair the way you want it!ergonomic office chairswe’ve got your back!click here
better comfort meansbetter productivitywe’ve got your back!click here       champion seating is proud to be one of the few ergonomic office chairs still made in america. we use united states parts and make all our chairs in our houston texas location. family owned and operated since 1994.learn morethe price of a superstore…
the quality of an industry leaderour success is largely due to the fact that our quality is two to three times greater than any chair offered in a superstore, and we’re hundreds of dollars less than similar quality ergonomic chairs offered by the major office furniture industry manufacturers.we sell and service everywhere from one home chair to major corporations, all at one everyday low price, without sacrificing quality.learn moreshop our chairs“it’s your health .. take control”we all know that office chairs get passed from person, to person, to person, to person during their office-life. we further know that some offices just don’t clean and maintain their furnishings for various reasons. what started in the hospital as a way to keep infections from spreading has broken out into convenient stores, fast food restaurants and supermarkets. hand sanitizers have become a phenomenon in the last decade. we have seen the sanitizer hand dispensers everywhere, as studies show that the sanitizer reduces the spread of germs and infections.we also get that eerie feeling that bedding, pillows, etc at hotels and motels have something lurking that we cannot see. they have similar things in common with seating such as foam and fabric. our never ending goal to make not just a new chair; but “a better chair” has lead us producing a new line of seating that is healthy; for you, for the environment. new era seating features foam that is anti-microbial & anti-bacterial. choosing any of our agion upholsteries is like icing on the cake.mvp-extreme ergonomic chairchampion seating company has taken the ergonomic chair to an all-new level of comfort, style,...learn moremvp extreme ergonomic chair black leatherbe at the top your game with the chair we're known for which is now unbeatable! we kicked up...learn moremvp mesh back ergonomic chair …. fully adjustable !!the perfect office chair, computer chair, or home office chair and more! the best rated...learn moreergonomic mesh back chair – outdoorsman editionas seen at the get hooked up mesh chair with alligator upholstery-wow! is another winner! an...learn moreget hooked up mesh top grain black leather with headrest...learn morebest mesh ergonomic chairan ergonomic chair for high-tech offices and budget conscious office managers. its stylish...learn moreget hooked up mesh top grain black leather...learn morespecial order ergonomic mesh back chair – outdoorsman editionas seen at the get hooked up mesh chair with alligator upholstery-wow! is another winner! an...learn more  our clients  the champion differenceunique high quality upholstery collections.chairs made for american body types ..to work as hard as you do!
factory direct shipped to your door, only minor assembly needed.about champion seating video easy assembly videolife time warranty *our productsbest ergonomic chairs911 chairsleather / wowmeshlab / shop stoolshome officeconference / jury roombig & tallparts / reburbish your chairnewsale/bargain basementabout champion seatinghomeabout uscontactcustomer servicemy accountcheckoutcartreturn policywarrantyorder policycontact usname*email*
phone*commentscaptchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. 






 ©copyright 2025 champion seatingsite by zephyr salvo                               

