








 




the medical library association (mla)




































































































































 
























 

 


mlaconnect
medlib-ed
jmla 



search for:















shopping cart


no products in the cart.


 
sign in / register











medlib-edmla connectjmlasign in / registerabout mla





about mla learn more about who we are, what we do, our leaders, staff, planning, membership, and history.

 


about mlavision, values, mission, and planningleaders and staffdiversity, equity, and inclusion 


about the professionmembershipi am mlamla history 


statement of appropriate conductdonationscontact us 
 

join mla





join mla connect with the expert colleagues and innovative skills you need to advance your career.

 


individual membershipmla membership for institutions 
 

communities





communities mla’s communities work on association initiatives and provide support, knowledge-sharing, and communication for health information professionals.

 


public 
backmed-exchangebe well mlamedlib-l 


members only 
caucusescouncilscommitteesjurieseditorial boards 


other 
chapters 
 

advocacy





advocacy the health information profession provides access to and delivers accurate, relevant,and targeted information that improves patient care and supports education, research, and scholarly communication.

 


value of the health information professionaim for excellencesupport medical librarians 


national medical librarians monthadvocacy resourcespublic policy center 
 

resources





resources mla members share their expertise with the public, other health information professionals, and members through a variety of resources, from recommended websites for patients and caregivers to the open access peer-reviewed journal of the medical library association.

 


for the public 
information for patients and caregiverscareer resourcescode of ethics for health science librarianship 


for health information professionals 
from mla communitiesmla publicationsjobsefts for interlibrary loan 


for members 
professional practice librarymla booksthe structured abstract: an essential tool for researchers  
 

meetings & events





meetings & events mla annual conferences further the association’s mission to support the profession. each year mla members and others gather for professional development, networking, presentations, exhibits, and much more. 

 


mla conferences 
mla 2025mla 2024past and future mla conferences 


other meetings 
chapter meetingsmla vconnections member seriesbe well mla 
 

professional development





professional development mla offers professional continuing education courses and other career development programs for practicing health sciences librarians, recent graduates, nurses, and others.

 


education 
competenciesmedlib-edspecializations 


programs 
ahipawards and honorsce passportgrants, scholarships, and fellowships 


researchresearch training institutemla rising stars 
 

 


















 













shopping cart


no products in the cart.


 





search for:












 




medlib-ed
mla connect
jmla
sign in / register
about mla

about mla
vision, values, mission, and planning
leaders and staff
diversity, equity, and inclusion
statement of appropriate conduct
about the profession
membership
i am mla
mla history
donations
contact us


join mla

individual membership
mla membership for institutions


communities

backmed-exchange
be well mla
medlib-l
committees
editorial boards
councils
caucuses
juries
chapters


advocacy

value of the health information profession
aim for excellence
support medical librarians
national medical librarians month
advocacy resources
public policy center


resources

information for patients and caregivers
career resources
code of ethics for health science librarianship
jobs
from mla communities
mla publications
efts for interlibrary loan
professional practice library
mla books
the structured abstract: an essential tool for researchers 


meetings & events

mla 2025
mla 2024
past and future mla conferences
chapter meetings
mla vconnections member series
be well mla


professional development

competencies
medlib-ed
specializations
awards and honors
mla rising stars
ahip
ce passport
grants, scholarships, and fellowships
research
research training institute


 





newsroom
medlib-ed
jmla



search for:





 







welcome to the medical library association
login to mlanet
learn how to verify your email and set your password to get the full experience

get your mla ce passport
make your professional journey more affordable
incredible savings on webinars and self-paced courses to earn mla continuing education (ce) credits.

annual conference registration
mla ’25 registration is now open!
view the preliminary program and register early for our annual conference. for more information, visit the conference site.
register now

call for proposals
mla ’25 lightning talks and posters
submit your abstract to share the latest information about research or programs by january 30, 2025. visit the submission site for the rubric that will be used when reviewing your abstract, faq, and other resources.

advanced research training
mla research training institute
take your professional development to the next level with advanced research training. submit your application for the mla rti fellowship program by february 18, 2025.

professional development
medlib-ed
the learning destination for health information professionals to earn continuing education (ce) credits

communities
be well mla
enhance your wellness and well-being with be well wednesdays

stay connected
mlaconnect newsletter
news & perspectives for health information professionals







what is a health information professional?
using materials and tools that range from traditional print journals to electronic databases and the latest mobile devices, health sciences librarians use innovative strategies to access and deliver critical information for patient care, research, and publication.

about the profession
learn about the wide range of expert services health information professionals provide in their institutions.
about the profession

is this a career for you?
become an essential member of the health care team and impact health research, patient care, and publishing.
career development resources


about mla: who we are, what we do
mla supports medical and health sciences librarians and other information professionals with community engagement, funding, continuing education in health information management, research, and evidence-based practice, and more.
discover mla

featured jobs

 


displaying 1 – 1 of 1 







director of the hardin library for the health sciences  – university of iowajob locationiowa city, ia
date postedfebruary 3, 2025
the university of iowa has expressly engaged jack farrell & associates (www.jackfarrell.com) to find the winning candidate for this important position. interested candidates should contact amy morse (amy@jackfarrell.com). please see below for details on the cover letter. thank you. reporting to the associate university librarian for teaching, learning, and research, the director of the hardin library for the health sciences provides visionary leadership, ensuring the library …
view posting
 
















ways we serve health information professionals

communities

resources

advocacy

upcoming events





feb
18


the science caucus: our work, partnerships, and practices
                            february 18 (tuesday) 11:00 am - february 18 (tuesday) 12:00 pm
                        
are you curious about the vital role science librarians play in advancing and supporting basic science research? join us for a panel webinar where we…
find out more







feb
26


be well mla
                            february 26 (wednesday) 1:00 pm - february 26 (wednesday) 2:00 pm
                        
self-love in all seasons: an engaging approach to beating seasonal affective disorder (sad) – register here  
find out more







feb
26


aamla webinar – beyond resistance: black life and the digital with dr. andré brock
                            february 26 (wednesday) 2:30 pm - february 26 (wednesday) 3:30 pm
                        
the african american medical librarians alliance (aamla) invites you to join us for an awesome webinar presentation on beyond resistance: black life and the digital…
find out more







mar
04


essential searching skills for librarians on systematic review teams – instructor-led course
                            march 4 (tuesday) 10:00 am - march 11 (tuesday) 12:30 pm
                        
if you plan to collaborate on systematic reviews, this is the searching course for you! register for the upcoming instructor-led course to be held tuesday,…
find out more




 load more

 


view more events

featured news

call for mla ’25 moderators
the contributed content working group (ccwg) is seeking moderators for paper and lightning talk sessions during mla ‘25: bridging tradition and innovation, to be held…read article
apply for the 2025 research training institute by february 18
there’s still time to apply for rti ’25! rti assessment findings have found the rti fellowship program is highly effective in increasing the level of…read article
accessing public data removed from us government websites
accompanying the flurry of executive orders since january 20, 2025, is the removal of government agency websites, webpages, and publicly-funded data from government websites—many of…read article
view more mlaconnect articles 











233 s wacker dr, fl 44chicago, il 60606
contact us 

facebook
linkedin
x 

advertise with mla
privacy policy
terms of service
public policy center
 




 





































































































