






tan through swimwear & tan through shirts | cooltan





























women's swim
about women's swim
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -tan through  bikinis
→ string bikinis
→ halter top bikinis
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -tan through 1pc suits
→ classic tank swimsuit
→ monokini swimsuits- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -shop all

men's swim

about men's swim
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
tan through swim trunks
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
tan through board shorts
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
tan through swim briefs
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
tan through fitted shorts
→ hipsters
→ jammers
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -shop all

shirts
about shirtstan through graphicstan through polostan through henleystan through t shirtstan through v neckstan through tank topsshop all






   









 



 










limited time only! free shipping when you order 2 or more.
for domestic us orders only. does not apply to international orders.




stay cool & get tan
now you can get a tan through the most comfortable, best looking shirts and swimsuits in the world. whether you're at the beach, boating, on vacation or just relaxing in the yard, now you can get a natural suntan right through the fabric. the cooltan line of swimsuits and shirts not only let you get sun right through the fabric, they are also lightweight, comfortable and dry extremely quickly! 
  









cool & comfortable
all cooltan tan-through sportswear is made from a unique, high quality fabric that allows you to get a natural suntan right through the fabric about as fast as you would with a medium level spf sunscreen. the unique fabric that makes it all possible is microsol v, the lightweight fabric that lets sunlight through like a medium level sunscreen, eliminating the need for messy oils and lotions. 








the secret is in the fabric
the lightweight microsol v fabrics also keep you cool and comfortable! our tan through shirts rapidly wick moisture through the fabric, so you stay cooler and drier. our tan through swimwear keeps you cooler, and allows water to pass through, increasing hydrodynamic performance! cooltan swimsuits and shirts are easy to take care of, ethically made in usa, and machine washable. and you can hang them to dry and they'll be dry the next morning... perfect for vacations! 









guaranteed satisfaction
need a different size? a different color? that's easy. just send it back within 60 days from the date in which you received it for an exchange or refund, whichever you prefer. need help? feel free to email us or give us a call, and we'll be happy to help out with sizing, delivery, or any other questions!
 













shop

men's tan-through shirts
men's tan-through swim

women's tan-through swim 
 
shop by color
special offers





info

customer service
product q & a
returns & exchanges
 
size chart
style guide





about us

contact us
email sign up
request a brochure
 
 switch to mobile site
privacy





follow us

 









copyright ©   










 

 



