













harvest fair – taste the best of sonoma county



































 












★   click to buy tickets online   ★ 


home

welcome letter
agriculture award winners


compete

professional wine competition
amateur wine competition
professional food competition


event

taste
buy tickets


about

contact
about the harvest fair
news room
event partners



search





menu



facebooktwitterinstagramyoutube 






previousnext123
the official page of the sonoma county harvest fair
save the date for saturday, october 11, 2025!

the purpose of the sonoma county harvest fair is to highlight our county’s agricultural, industrial and recreational opportunities. the fair’s inception was in 1975, and is considered one of the premiere regional wine judgings in the country. it draws a considerable amount of attention and interest on both a statewide and national level.
the harvest fair recruits 18 judges representing trade, education, writers, retailers and others in the wine and hospitality industry to judge the professional wine competition. over two days they judge over 900 wines, all made from grapes grown in our premiere sonoma county growing region. they stimulate both local and national recognition of sonoma county’s premium wines. the harvest fair also highlights sonoma county’s innovative cuisine through its professional food competitions.
the harvest fair, though very much in the national spotlight, is still able to retain its exclusively local flavor. in addition to our wine and food judgings it holds a grand tasting where over 1,500 people can sip and taste all the golds and best of class wines. patrons can also venture outside the tasting pavilion to enter or watch the world champion grape stomps held in conjunction with the grand tasting.
the harvest fair is a major tourist event, yet continues to focus its emphasis on the community.


congratulations to our 2024 sweepstakes winning wines !
sweepstakes specialty

breathless sparkling wines
nv brut rose
sonoma county
winemaker:  penny gadd-coster

 “tiny bubbles. hint of brioche.
cheery; clean; fresh; bright with hazelnut finish.”

sweepstakes red

gracianna winery
2023 pinot noir
russian river valley reserve
winemakers: the amador family & travis moore

“earth tones; juicy with notes of blue fruit.
ripe raspberries; very complex. gets better in the glass!”

sweepstakes white

hanna winery & vineyards
2023 sauvignon blanc
russian river valley
winemaker: jeff hinchliffe

“sweet citrus; quince; crystalized ginger.
notes of lemongrass. acidity carries the length.”


best of class winners! 
gold medal winners! 
congratulations to the 2024 agriculture award winners!
2024 harvest fair photos
previousnext123456789101112


  


sonoma county harvest fair mission statement
our mission is to showcase and promote locally produced agricultural products; to celebrate our region’s culinary, visual and performing arts and to provide family entertainment while fostering and enhancing agricultural prosperity and our county’s cultural resources.


click me
click here to add your own text

  


© 2025 sonoma county harvest fair   |   web design by boylan point agency
facebooktwitterinstagramyoutube






scroll to top














enable javascript to ensure website accessibility


