










payroll software solutions | cyma















































toggle navigation










payroll solutions


products


videos


support


contact


about


pricing / download













cyma payroll software solutions
cyma payroll software is designed for volume payroll processing and unique markets that process complex payroll. through employee self-service, the cyma payroll software extends to the web allowing maximum flexibility.
at its core, cyma has been producing accounting and payroll software solutions since 1980. a full suite of payroll and accounting modules round out a complete financial management application for any organization.




               download a 30 day trial »request a quote  »schedule demo »
















fiscal / employer agent
designed specifically for the consumer or participant/attendant model. with embedded schedule r 940/941 and support for household workers, dozens of f/ea and consumer directed services manage payroll and human resources with cyma.



peo payroll software
the cyma payroll software solution is engineered for volume payroll processing and billing organizations. our industry designed software tools, help process thousands of checks in minutes at just pennies per check.



corporate payroll & accounting
cyma payroll software is an ideal solution for companies with 50+ employees. from employee self-service to aca tools, cyma payroll software offers payroll features designed for growing organizations.






franchise payroll software
considering high turnover and unique payroll needs, cyma's franchise payroll software offers tools and functionalities well equipped for any franchise ownership group.




payroll services software	
cyma's payroll services model allows for separation of companies for additional bookkeeping services. tools like streamline payroll, allow payroll services to grow their clientele. 



staffing payroll software
cyma's staffing payroll solution allows for volume payroll processing with the work order at the heart of the system. manage employees through employee self-service and create new efficiencies.














