




  






illinois valley economic development-regional chamber - ivaced, il








































































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events




































































member login









contact us




















 toggle navigation   

















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events




































































member login









contact us














home
member directory

welcome

illinois valley resource guide
about the illinois valley
illinois valley communities
job postings
latest local news
things to do
traveling in the illinois valley
community clubs and organizations
government
request information



chamber

about ivac
chamber bucks
staff, board, ambassadors
member information
membership application
member directory
member-to-member discount
sponsorship opportunities
business breakfast seminars
business after hours
ribbon cuttings
40underforty
member-to-member discounts
community cornerstone
chamber affiliates
latest newsletters


community leadership academy
lemonade day youth market

economic development

sparc
developing the illinois valley
opportunity zones
economic development partners
available buildings for sale
available sites for sale
buildings for lease
largest employers
business retention and expansion
logistics
demographics
government
illinois valley communities


events
community job board











































                                                    lemonade day 2024
                                                

                                                    lemonade day youth market teaching kids valuable lessons in a fun way.
                                                










                                                    i am ivac
                                                

                                                    the chamber of commerce has all types of members
                                                

watch ivac's new video











                                                    chamber of commerce
                                                

                                                    with over 400 members, ivac works hard to provide a variety of new business opportunities for owners to grow, showcase, and connect with each other. 
                                                

                                                    view the area's  businesses
                                                










                                                    economic development
                                                

                                                    illinois valley area chamber of commerce is a regional economic development organization, with a focus on business retention and expansion for both small businesses and large industrial corporations.
                                                

illinois valley economic development











                                                    community
                                                

                                                    as a regional chamber of commerce, ivac is a valuable resource for area business, local area news, and things to do in the illinois valley
                                                

about the illinois valley











                                                    for the love of the arts
                                                

                                                    the illinois valley values the arts and has a variety of organizations that promote and support fine art, music and the performing arts.
                                                

check out the area's cultural resources




















why invest in your local chamber of commerce?




with more than 400 members, the illinois valley area chamber of commerce is the premier business organization in the illinois valley. to support our members, our dedicated, professional staff works hard to promote local commerce, create relevant programs, and establish relationships for business success.
find out more about a membership investment
























illinois valley area chamber of commerce &
economic development!
centrally located in the northern part of the state, the illinois valley is home to thousands of businesses in the three county region of la salle, bureau and putnam.  the illinois valley is a thriving combination of small businesses and large corporations, with a well educated, job ready workforce and convenient access to interstate, rail, and river.  illinois valley economic development is strong and ready for new business opportunities.  the illinois valley area chamber of commerce and economic development promotes the region by supporting companies relocating and assisting those that are seeking to expand.












directory







news







hot deals







jobs







weather







membership
















2023 community directory




our 2023 community directory is now available! click here to download. 
















2022 annual report




thank you to all who help make the chamber a success! click here to view our 2022 annual report
 
 




















mark your calendar












view all events »























keeping you informed































get illinois valley updates




stay updated on recent events, news, happenings and business.




















































































































 

















 









building business. connecting communities.








































 ivaced

  1320 peoria st, peru, il 61354

  815. 223.0227

  ivaced@ivaced.org























© copyright 2025 ivaced. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.





























 


