







home /apinchof


























home


articles


q&a


features


search


newsletter


about us



make the most of culinary herbs and spices.






the webmaster has gone on hiatus but
come on in and look around. you'll find plenty to discover within these pages! we are still happy to have your feedback. contact us at
apinchofmail@aol.com







last month's most popular articles...




all about juniper
 
all about fennel
 
cooking with herbs q&a page
 
fresh or dried qanda page
 
multi-lingual herb and spice index
 
all about marjoram
 
making mustard at home
 
where can i find? q&a page
 
all about rosemary
 
bay leaf q&a page
 








 





 herb gardening...









savory is the herb of the year for 2015. all about savory explains what is so delightful about both the winter and the summer variety. plus it has a delicious recipe!
see all features








book reviews...




see all book reviews
see other books we like






 





 in season...




all about chives
all about horseradish
all about parsley
all about arugula
all about nasturtiums
 
see all articles








featured product...







 




mcgee and stuckey's bountiful container
















recipe of the month...




 
egg and tuna roll-ups
 
find yourself with some extra hard cooked eggs lately? these tasty wrap sandwiches are one of our favorites and we are betting they will soon become one of yours.
 
 
               go to the recipe
 
 
                  see all recipes








other timely topics...









interview with an herb: dill, herb of the year 2010
 
the simple, essential herb garden
 
celebrate breakfast with herbs and spices




see more featured stories








quote of the month...




"if you are afraid of butter, use cream."
 
~julia child
 
 







questions and answers...





q: please advise me. my bay tree is several years old. every winter i bring it inside. this winter it dropped more leaves than usual, but grows some  new branch too. the new leaves are big and very thin, not hard like the others. i use miracle grow fertilizer every second week. what should be the problem? thanks for your help. la
 
a: i suspect the new growth leaves will toughen up with time. you might want to back off using the fertilizer. herbs don't really need a lot and frequent fertilization will often result in less tasty harvests.
 
 





q: hi, i was wondering why my mint has yellow flowers on it. my parents have never seen this before. thank you. jb
 
a: every reference i have says mint flowers are purple, pink or white. perhaps your plant is not actually mint, but a member of the mint family. the lamaiaceae family is quite large and can be identified by their square stems.




 
see more questions and answers  or find a q and a page by subject at the q and a quick find
 











q: what is the difference between spices and herbs. at age almost 60, i am learning to cook. yea!! mt
a: congratulations! cooking is a rewarding endeavor. generally speaking, spices are fruits or seeds, or in the case of cinnamon--bark, of plants while herbs are leaves. please see our "articles" list for information on individual herbs and spices to learn more.













privacy policy

copyright 1999-2015 a pinch of... all rights reserved

contact us












