



 

















































































search for:



 contact
careers
buy online
home
family owned / american owned
 






home
products

all products
bacon
deli meats
franks
ham
other specialty


nutrition

nutrition center
food safety
allergen center
dietary needs
faqs


where to buy

buy online
view map


recipes

all recipes
cooking tips
grilling ideas


what’s new

new products
in the news
promotions


about us

sustainability
video library
contact us


foodservice

all products
bacon
sandwich selects
franks & sausages
ham
child nutrition


 


















wake up with a 
							lancaster county favorite 
							 



less fat, more flavor 
							view details 
							 






















recipe of the month

beef franks in a blanket
a new twist on a classic favorite!  this recipe is sure to score some points at your next meal.
preview recipe
continue to recipe






ingredients

1 lb kunzler franks (kunzler beef shown)
2 packs crescent dough 
8 t. bbq sauce
6 oz shredded cheddar cheese view full recipe


directions


step 1preheat oven to 350fstep 2layout into 4 sheets (2 triangles make one sheet), allowing 1 sheet per kunzler frank.step 3spread bbq sauce down each sheet, place kunzler frank on bbq sauce, carefully wrapping the frank.step 4cut each frank into 4 portions, then top with cheddar cheese.step 5bake for 14-16 minutes. 

flip











thank you for inviting the kunzler family to your table
for over 100 years, kunzler has produced quality meats for our customers. from ham and bacon to specialty deli meats like lebanon bologna and the best pennsylvania scrapple you've ever tasted, we deliver mouth-watering flavor and delicious texture for all your meals, parties, and food service like restaurants, delicatessens, and sports arenas.
learn more about us→







see our variety of hams, bacon, hot dogs, and more
we have meats for every personal taste, on any occasion. sunday dinner? try our tender, juicy boneless hams, including old-fashioned, black forest honey ham, turkey ham, even ham hocks. early sunday afternoon? no cookout is complete without our famous hot dogs -- pork, beef, chicken, and turkey. we enjoy bacon for breakfast, lunch, and dinner! plus bacon's great for snacks and enhancing your favorite recipes. we also offer specialty deli meats like sweet bologna, cooked salami and more. 
learn more about our products→







kunzler promises terrific food and attentive customer service
our family heritage continues to shape how we see our business and its role in your family's life. we love food. we love seeing our meats in new and exciting recipes from our fans. from yummy ham glazes and bacon-wrapped anything to grilling ideas and more, we dedicate ourselves to consistency and innovation. we are usda-certified, always on the cutting edge of the meat industry, and committed to your best dining (and snacking) experience possible.
learn more→





 
breakfast blt protein bowl

there is nothing like a big bowl of protein to get your day kickstarted! you know what they say…. if you love something, you should put some bacon on it.

continue to recipe


 
turkey bacon croquettes

not everyone has tried a croquette with turkey bacon, but after having these you’ll be handing out the recipe.

continue to recipe


 
sweet heat snack mix

this classic combo gets a makeover with a little bit of heat and a touch of honey.  we know it’s meant to share but you might want to keep a separate batch for yourself!

continue to recipe


 
brussels and bacon with honey

who said new years resolution meals had to taste sad?  this dish is sure to compliment the “new you”.

continue to recipe





explore our nutritional center
learn more about our products →



lancaster county favorite selections
learn more →



sign up for the kunzler link email
learn more →






clemens food group headquarters
2700 clemens road
p.o. box 902
hatfield,
						pa
19440-0902





800-743-1191

 215-368-3018




family site







connect with kunzler on social media

follow us on facebook, pinterest and instagram for instant access to the most recent kunzler updates.











privacy policy | terms of use | ©2025 kunzler & company, inc.
			






























we value your privacy
we use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from.
kunzler is committed to protecting your privacy. learn more about how your information is collected, used, and shared by reading our privacy policyi agreei disagree
















