








american federation of astrologers











astropsychology: a journey to yourself
thaya edwards
this book is for everyone: it doesn't matter if you are an astrologer or not. you will be led to discovering your true personality type step-by step. you will learn about subtypes of signs, find out your main element, see the effects of the moon, mercury 
buy now



astrology of the dwarf planets
hollis grail ph.d
in this book, the astrological meaning of the dwarf planets is analyzed through exploration of the underworld mythology and the creation mythology as well as astrological chart readings of the dwarf planets in relevant individuals and institutions.
buy now



pluto's season for ashes
alan richards-wheatcroft
in this indepth study, alan richards-wheatrcroft has
crafted not merely practical information regarding the
transformative process of pluto, but offered insight into
catalysts, cyclical sequences and karmic actions as pluto
slowly and inevitably works
buy now



ten key features of fame and fortune
alan mayeda
in this book, alan mayeda explores the astrology behind celebrities, fame and fortune. he methodically demonstrates the indicators that can indicate potential greatness. the ten main features are also condensed into what he refers to as the two step proce
buy now



astrological keywords
michael munkasey
fundamental and traditional astrological key ideas about the signs of the zodiac.
buy now



amazing asteroid stories
dave campbell
amazing asteroid stories will inspire you, shock
you, and may surprise you with how astonishingly
accurate and synchronistic asteroids can be. this
will be a reference book for future use, with the
meanings of egyptian, nordic, and many other
gods an
buy now



discovering faith in neptune's ocean of dreams
alan richards-wheatcroft
alan beautifully synthesizes his experience and expertise as psychotherapist, spiritual healer and astrologer in this new book. he offers understanding of the illusions in life that have ensnared incarnating souls into behaviors and choices that impede de
buy now



tetrabiblos for the 21st century
sky, sylvia
this is a treasure trove of aphorisms and delineations regarding the astrology of love, sex, marriage, child.
buy now



ancient astrology volume one
demetra george
ancient astrology in theory and practice a manual of traditional techniques volume one: assessing planetary condition
buy now



ancient astrology volume two
demetra george
ancient astrology in theory and practice a manual of traditional techniques, volume two - delineating planetary meaning
buy now



pluto the power of transformaion
maria stiopei
maria stiopei has created an excellent study of pluto and the extremes of transformation. she includes prominent individuals in her study, demonstrating the very real effects of pluto in action on the world stage. maria brings a realistic look at the real
buy now



conference program

2024 medical astrology conference program
buy now






afa certified astrologers

about

history of astrology

writer's guidelines

grant trust projects

about afa

afa library



store

catalog



membership

afa membership



sun signs

learn astrology

super star course

super star course content

afa exams

super star course faq

super star course enrollment

advanced course in asteroids

advanced course in horary

advanced course in relationships

learning videos





home

member links/local events



newsletter








advanced courses
afa offers advanced courses in astrology designed for those who are looking for in-depth study of a specific branch of astrology. courses in relationships, horary, asteroids and medical astrology are currently available, with additional ones scheduled to be added in the future. each course includes lessons and exams, and every student is assigned a teacher. use the learn astrology pull-down tab to learn more about the individual courses.
 
learn astrology!
it's now easier than you ever imagined to learn  astrology at home, at your own pace, with the guidance of an experienced  astrologer.
easy-to-follow lessons guide you from the basics of astrology all the  way through chart interpretation and time-honored predictive  techniques. in addition, the course is designed to prepare students to take the first afa certification exam.
explore the pull-down menus under the learn astrology tab to read all about the course and its contents. and don't hesitate to email if you have questions. the entire course is $449.00,  or choose the budget option and purchase each of the three sections  individually: section 1 in binder for $189.00, and sections 2 & 3 for $169.00.  online superstar course is $429.00

 
 








contact info
phone:	480/838-1751
toll-free:	888/301-7630
mail:	6535 s. rural rd./tempe, az 85283-3746


 
attention members:
we are esperiencing production issues which have resulted in the monthly puiblication of today's astrologer to be very, very late. we experienced in-house issues that were short-lived, but our printer has had equipment failure and had to order parts. we are so sorry for this inconvenience! we will should be able to return to our regular schedule this week. 
 


new course!!!
kathryn silverton medical astrology course - binder edition, correspondence $195.00
 
 




like us on facebookfollow us on twitter
home | history of astrology | join afa | astrology shop | afa certified astrologers | learn astrology | afa exams | sun signs |  local events phone:   480/838-1751  toll-free:    888/301-7630  mail: 6535 s. rural rd./tempe, az 85283-3746
copyright ©2025, american federation of astrologers, inc.

developed by hyperion workspowered by helios







