






integrative healing arts - acupuncture in union square, nyc




























































integrative healing arts



home



about
about tsao & integrative healing arts
testimonials & reviews
q & a/"faq"
links and resources



shop
book: will i ever get pregnant?
products & gift cards



services
common conditions
health, immunity & wellness
fertility and pregnancy
pain management
anti-aging and rejuvenation
herbal medicine
massage therapy
sexual energy healing
stress management
pregnancy & postpartum support
ivf and iui support



for patients
programs and policies
insurance
intake forms



in the media
radio shows & tv appearances
articles & publications


blog


contact















home/
about/about tsao & integrative healing artstestimonials & reviewsq & a/"faq"links and resources
shop/book: will i ever get pregnant?products & gift cards
services/common conditionshealth, immunity & wellnessfertility and pregnancypain managementanti-aging and rejuvenationherbal medicinemassage therapysexual energy healingstress managementpregnancy & postpartum supportivf and iui support
for patients/programs and policiesinsuranceintake forms
in the media/radio shows & tv appearancesarticles & publications
blog/
contact/





























































acupuncture in union square, nyc
acupuncture - herbal medicine - fertility acupuncture treatment located in union square and serving gramercy park.we specialize in individualized programs for optimizing your health potential, fertility, anti-aging and rejuvenation, sports medicine acupuncture®, the treatment of stress and anxiety, migraine, pain conditions, adrenal exhaustion, general health and wellness, and much more.











home/
about/about tsao & integrative healing artstestimonials & reviewsq & a/"faq"links and resources
shop/book: will i ever get pregnant?products & gift cards
services/common conditionshealth, immunity & wellnessfertility and pregnancypain managementanti-aging and rejuvenationherbal medicinemassage therapysexual energy healingstress managementpregnancy & postpartum supportivf and iui support
for patients/programs and policiesinsuranceintake forms
in the media/radio shows & tv appearancesarticles & publications
blog/
contact/























































call for an appointment today: 917-294-3805over 22 years of experience in alternative and chinese medicine  

 





professional acupuncture in union square, new york city

 

fertility and pregnancyget pregnant naturally















have the baby you’ve dreamed of.



anti-aging andrejuvenationlook and feel great















a safe, painless, non-surgical face lift, proven to slow and reverse the signs of aging and stimulate natural rejuvenation. smooths away 5-15 years in just one treatment.



healthy - immune  and wellnessget your energy back















get your energy and life back.naturally boost your immune system and optimize your health.

 

pain managementget pain relief















herbal medicineprevention, treatment, recovery















stress managementget  stress relief















stop living with pain! get lasting relief from a variety of pain issues - from migraines to chronic back pain. our goal is for you to become healthy, strong and pain free.



can chinese herbal medicine help to prevent covid-19? boost your immune system.



stress depresses the immune system, leading to fatigue, sleep problems, autoimmune disorders, and more. our treatment series restores balance and reduces stress.

 

tsao lin moy and integrative healing arts have been featured in:





























































































check out our latest podcast





articles & publications • radio and television appearances 

  

integrative healing artsacupuncture • herbal medicine • anti-agingunion square, new york city917-294-3805

  


    schedule an appointment
  

  

sign up for our newsletter to keep up to date with the latest information on acupuncture & holistic wellness.















        email*
      






        submit
      








reviews





more reviews & testimonials



about integrative healing arts













we specialize in individualized programs for optimizing your health potential - from fertility to sports medicine acupuncture®, to general health and wellness, and much more.treatments include acupuncture, moxibustion, cupping, herbal medicine and other healing techniques ensuring that the most effective methods are employed to address each patient as a whole person. 

 

about tsao













tsao-lin, has over 20 years of experience as an expert in alternative and chinese medicine. she is the founder of integrative healing arts which utilizes chinese medicine, acupuncture, herbal medicine and energy healing to treat patients. a dedicated teacher and student of the ancient healing arts, tsao incorporates both eastern and western approaches to treat not only illness but to explore greater states of well being. tsao’s approach is to balance and heal the whole person on physical, emotional, energetic and spiritual levels.



licensure & certifications








































































learn moreabout tsao lin moy and integrative healing arts




    schedule an appointment
  







 


 












































 

book your appointment now!get a customized plan tailored to your individual wellness goals.

 


    schedule an appointment
  



address32 union square east, suite 311(park ave south and 16th street)new york, ny 10003tel. 917-294-3805get directionshoursour practice is open for sessionsby appointment monday through saturday.




   









































 

© 2019-2020 integrative healing arts acupuncture |  site by loquat creative





 



