



ut tyler health science center | ut tyler



 







 








skip to main content


ut tyler











health science center
toggle menu

about


about

history
campus map
ut health east texas
health affairs giving
pollen and mold count
community programs
camp fannin




what can we help you find?searchsearch

popular searches

health at ut tyler
campus map
health affairs leadership






degrees & departments


degrees & departments

school of medicine
school of health professions
graduate medical education




what can we help you find?searchsearch

popular searches

health at ut tyler
campus map
health affairs leadership






our people


our people

health affairs leadership
school of medicine
school of health professions
ut health north campus




what can we help you find?searchsearch

popular searches

health at ut tyler
campus map
health affairs leadership






research and centers


research and centers

public health lab of east texas
center for biomedical research
clinical research
heartland tb center
southwest agricultural center
texas institute of occupational safety and health
texas lung injury institute
office of research and sponsored programs




what can we help you find?searchsearch

popular searches

health at ut tyler
campus map
health affairs leadership






student resources


student resources

health and wellness
watson w. wise medical research library




what can we help you find?searchsearch

popular searches

health at ut tyler
campus map
health affairs leadership









current students
faculty & staff
alumni
health
información en español


request info
visit
apply
give


toggle search

what can we help you find?searchsearch

popular searches

academic calendar
study abroad
majors & minors




ut tyler










request info
visit
apply
give







ut tyler health science center




home>academics>colleges schools>health science center


build a healthier tomorrow

home to the region’s only academic medical center, the university of texas at tyler
                  health science center is one of the five campuses of ut tyler. two of ut tyler’s four
                  health-related schools have a presence on this campus: the school of health professions
                  and the school of medicine.







campus history


our beginnings

the university of texas at tyler health science center campus is located on the former
                                 grounds of the station hospital of camp fannin, an infantry replacement training center
                                 opened by the army in 1943. after it was acquired by the state of texas, it became
                                 a tuberculosis sanitorium. today, the campus is home to the camp fannin memorial.


joining the university of texas system

later renamed the east texas chest hospital, it operated as an independent hospital
                                 until 1977 when it joined the prestigious university of texas system. renamed the
                                 university of texas health center at tyler and later ut health science center at tyler,
                                 it aimed to advance patient care and community health, medical and health education,
                                 and biomedical and clinical research. 


expansion

over the years, the health science center added a six-story hospital tower (1980),
                                 launched its first medical residency program (1985) and constructed the center for
                                 biomedical research (1987).


a name change

in 2008, the university of texas health center at tyler changed its name to the university
                                 of texas health science center at tyler to better reflect its overarching mission
                                 and expanded facilities. the $67-million addition boasted a state-of-the-art cancer
                                 treatment and prevention center, a breast diagnostic center, surgical specialties,
                                 the watson w. wise medical research library and louise & joseph z. ornelas academic
                                 amphitheater.


new programs

its academic offerings also grew with the establishment of the master of science in
                                 biotechnology, the master of public health and master of healthcare administration
                                 programs.


merger

after the merger with ut tyler in 2021, it became the university of texas at tyler
                                 health science center.








campus programs and facilities

the ut tyler health science center facility offers an array of crucial medical and
                              healthcare education resources, fostering an environment dedicated to excellence in
                              education. from cutting-edge simulation labs to dedicated research spaces, every aspect
                              of the ut tyler health science center is designed to enhance the educational experience.
                              this dynamic campus is not just a hub for learning; it’s a catalyst for progress in
                              healthcare education and a testament to ut tyler's commitment to shaping the future
                              of healthcare in the east texas region.



office of health affairs

the health affairs administration offices on the ut tyler health science center campus
                                 support all of ut tyler’s health-related schools, including the fisch college of pharmacy,
                                 school of health professions, school of medicine and school of nursing. their presence
                                 ensures efficient collaboration and strategic management of the various schools, enabling
                                 them to contribute synergistically to the overarching mission of advancing healthcare
                                 education, research and patient care in east texas.


school of health professions

this campus serves as the central hub for the school of health professions administration.
                                 with classes and labs hosted within the state-of-the-art facilities, this campus provides
                                 a dynamic and collaborative learning environment where students can engage in hands-on
                                 learning experiences, collaborate with faculty and peers, and immerse themselves in
                                 the health field.


school of medicine

the school of medicine offers a vibrant and engaging environment for students on the
                                 ut tyler health science center campus. the campus features several dedicated classrooms,
                                 study areas, a community kitchen and unique wellness spaces equipped with recreational
                                 amenities.


center for biomedical research

with nationally recognized researchers and cutting-edge equipment, the center for
                                 biomedical research focuses on a variety of scientific areas such as lung injury and
                                 repair, infectious lung diseases, innate immunity, cell motility and cancer research.
                                 the center provides an engaging learning environment where students pursuing a master
                                 of science in biotechnology actively contribute to groundbreaking research as part
                                 of their academic journey.


simulation in medicine and immersive learning experience center

the smile center boasts four operating rooms converted for educational simulations,
                                 an anatomy lab with mannequins and interactive touch screens, and a patient clinic
                                 with simulated patient actors assisting medical students in honing real-life skills.
                                 with state-of-the-art technology and an interdisciplinary approach, the smile center
                                 plays a pivotal role in advancing healthcare in rural east texas.


watson w. wise medical research library

the watson w. wise medical research library is the only full-service, professionally
                                 staffed health science library in northeast texas, serving ut tyler students and faculty
                                 as well as the general public. the library features both private and public study
                                 areas and maintains a collection of over 5,000 periodicals and 3,000 books, most of
                                 which are easily accessible in an electronic format. public-access computers are available
                                 for database and web searching, word processing and presentations.


public health laboratory of east texas

the public health laboratory of east texas, or phlet, serves as a vital registered
                                 laboratory response network reference laboratory. dedicated to public health preparedness,
                                 the laboratory offers a range of essential services, including bioterrorism testing,
                                 to multiple east texas counties. the laboratory plays a pivotal role in the timely
                                 detection and confirmation of threat agents and emerging pathogens, ensuring a swift
                                 and effective local response to potential health emergencies and ultimately fostering
                                 a safer, healthier east texas community.


ut health north campus tyler

the ut tyler health science center campus is further enriched by its collaboration
                                 with ut health east texas, which operates the ut health north campus tyler hospital
                                 on the same grounds. this dynamic partnership not only allows for a close connection
                                 with a prominent healthcare institution but also provides invaluable opportunities
                                 for medical students to gain experience in a functioning hospital setting.


hope cancer center

in addition, this campus is home to one of ut health east texas’ hope cancer center
                                 divisions. the center has provided the highest-quality cancer care available to members
                                 of our community for more than over 30 years. it’s also an active center of research,
                                 partnering with ut tyler to develop new cancer therapies to improve outcomes in our
                                 region and beyond.













a regional leader in health research
ut tyler pioneers solutions to improve health. several research centers, including
                                 the center for mycobacterial treatment and discovery and the center for biomedical
                                 research, are housed on this campus. the centers build on our history of innovative
                                 treatments for lung disease and focus on the health concerns of rural populations
                                 through projects funded by agencies like the national institutes of health and the
                                 centers for disease control and prevention. students benefit from hands-on research
                                 opportunities and instruction informed by the latest developments in the field. 
research















research at ut tyler is thriving, and there are lots of collaborative opportunities
                              with other laboratories. during my interview in december 2020, when most of the u.s.
                              was locked down, i felt very welcomed and grateful that other faculty members appreciated
                              my research. i am grateful for the opportunity and support that ut tyler has given
                              to me during a historically challenging time. i am privileged to be a part of this
                              institution.

dr. maolin lu
assistant professor of cellular and molecular biology

meet professor lu







community outreach and engagement





ut health east texas
in its regional network of hospitals, clinics and other facilities, ut health east
                              texas delivers world-class care to thousands of patients each year while conducting
                              clinical trials and training the next generation of professionals through ut tyler’s
                              unique programs. the ut tyler health science center is home to ut health north campus tyler.




public health programs
faculty, staff and students at the ut tyler health science center campus connect their
                              expertise with local community needs to assist traditionally underserved populations
                              through an array of health and outreach programs, including behavioral health telemedicine
                              services for rural populations, cancer screenings, parental education, lifestyle changes
                              and more.




pollen and mold count
ut tyler's health science center provides a daily pollen and mold count as a resource
                              to the community. see today's counts as well as prior counts.




 


connect with us


the university of texas at tyler health science center
phone: 903.877.7777



we’re pioneering the future of healthcare in east texas. find out how you can join
                                 us.
11937 u.s. hwy. 271tyler, tx 75708-3154


campus map





ut tyler


















































contact us

               							3900 university blvd.
               							tyler, texas 75799
               						
enroll@uttyler.edu903.566.7000
instagram
facebook
twitter







linkedin






















ut tyler athletics


careers at ut tyler
faculty/staff directory
directory of offices
campus maps & parking
locations
campus police
calendar
ut tyler library
bookstore
cowan center
ut health east texas
state of texas
texas homeland security
statewide search
state auditor’s office
texas veterans portal
ut system
cares act reporting
fraud reporting
mental health resources
open records
university academy
clinical research
report a web problem


instagram
facebook
twitter







linkedin




 ut tyler
policies
about this site
privacy
title ix
accessibility
disability resources
linking policy
required links & policies










© 
