















brain injuries help: crashing of the mind after traumatic brain injury






















































                	 
                     
attorney gordon s. johnson, jr.





twitter


facebook


youtube


linkedin


rss




					
												e: g@gordonjohnson.com | t: +800-992-9447										
				

privacy policy for tbilaw.com
disclaimer of brain injury law group
sitemap
 



 







brain injuries: the crashing of the mind
brain injuries: the crashing of the mind








a trouble shooting guide for brain injuries
this troubleshooting guide about brain injuries provides info on what to expect, recovery and long term deficits following brain injury, with particular emphasis on severe head injury, coma, concussion and post concussion syndrome.
call me at 800-992-9447
why the title “crashing minds?”©  my writing is about brain injuries, damage to our bodies’ hard drives, central processing units and circuitry.   analogizing life changing brain injuries to a computer crash could trivialize the devastation involved.  yet, our increasing knowledge as to how machines store and process information is making it far easier to teach about brain injuries.
this brain injuries trouble shooting guide provides info with particular emphasis on severe brain injuries, including assistance for those whose loved one is currently in a coma.  these pages also cover concussion and post concussion syndrome.
i am a lawyer, not a doctor.  while licensed in wisconsin, illinois and michigan, i have represented brain injured survivors throughout the united states.
listening to the voices of brain injuries
i have been listening to the tbi community for more than twenty years. through listening, i have been able to sculpt these words to frequent concerns.   those concerns involve the following:
coma brain injuries
in severe head injury cases the doctors are not giving specific answers.  what they are saying can often be reduced to the generic, “we will just have to wait and see.” our focus here is what can be done to help, especially the family and friends of someone who has yet to awake.
for treatment of severe brain injuries, click here.
for primer on severe brain injury, click here.
after brain injuries – knowledge is at the heart of our practice
these internet pages provide far more comprehensive information about tbi than about law. i do so because  you need more information about medicine and recovery, than legal advice.   brain injuries became my calling  20 years ago.  i realized that the greatest contribution i could make to this community was as a teacher and an author.  i had been writing and lecturing about brain injury for years, even before i authored tbilaw.com in 1996.  in addition, to writing and speaking, i am now involved in a major research undertaking as the investigator for the tbivoices project.   https://tbilaw.com/tbivoices
who we represent:
my actual practice of law is representing individuals who were injured in accidents that were the result of the negligent or wrongful conduct of wrongdoers.
for the difference a brain injury attorney can make in severe closed head injury, click here.
why a tbi lawyer?
concussion/mtbi
in concussion cases, the doctors may be saying “no permanent injury or damage”.  our starting point for understanding the post concussion syndrome continues to be overcoming the misconception that there can be a profound permanent change in the way the brain works after a mtbi.
for mtbi and concussion click here.   
symptoms and neurobehavior concerns
irrespective of the seriousness of the injury, there is often abject ignorance about the behavioral problems and sequelae of head injury. thus our third area of focus is a detailed discussion of the symptomatology of head injury or brain damage. the classic thinking is that those with coma injuries have specific focal deficits.  the “a” and “dys” words of any tbi glossary are used to describe many of these deficits. most of what is done in rehabilitation relates to treatment for the “a” and “dys” deficits.
yet, for more than 20 years, i have been aware of the paradox of the many “miracles in severe cases” and the countless “tragedies” in the non-coma cases. what begin as drastically different medical emergencies often merge into comparable neurobehavioral outcomes. if the classic deficits in severe closed head injury cases have been identified and treated, the diffuse and subtle problems relating to fatigue, multi-attending, memory, and depression will likely remain. these symptoms are the hallmark of post concussion syndrome and may in fact be more profound in survivors who suffered less severe, but more diffuse injury.  while i have expanded our treatment of the focal deficits, the challenge remains to broaden the understanding of the subtle deficits after tbi.
for symptoms of brain injuries, click here.
next: about brain injury
by gordon s. johnson, jr. ©1996-2021
brought to you by the brain injury law group, s.c 
call us at 800-992-9447
 
 


comments are closed.


 



traumatic brain injuryfor answers to – coma, what now?
primer on severe tbi

brain bleeds
brain swelling
craniotomy
severe diffuse axonal injury
brain stem injury


prognosis after tbi
why brain injury lawyer after severe tbi


recent posts


study: heart disease protein related to early-stage brain damage


trucking company bans cellphone use while driving, others may follow suit


distracted driving causing traffic deaths to increase


protein complex that could aid in brain injury recovery


scientists successfully complete neuron transplant in mice


 brain injury law group
attorney gordon s. johnson, jr.
                  212 whitetail run ln.
                  sheboygan, wisconsin
800-992-9447
email us

 print friendly version
 save page as pdf

 





advertising material
brought to you by the brain injury law group, sc. the materials on this web page are provided purely for informational purposes. they are not intended to be legal advice. this information is intended, but not promised or guaranteed, to be correct, complete, and current. while this page is not intended to be a source of advertising, solicitation or legal advice, it could be deemed to be such.
click here for our full disclaimer.

 tbi voicestraumatic brain injury awareness:closing thoughts april 12, 2013brain injury recovery story: miracle kid by zachary gauvin april 10, 2013brain injury support thru facebook and blog april 9, 2013decisions after brain injury: food is the toughest april 8, 2013 tbi lawstudy: heart disease protein related to early-stage brain damage december 12, 2016trucking company bans cellphone use while driving, others may follow suit december 1, 2016distracted driving causing traffic deaths to increase november 17, 2016protein complex that could aid in brain injury recovery november 11, 2016follow usfollow tbi voices on facebook
watch tbi voices on youtube
follow tbi voices tweets
join us on linkedin
subscribe to our rss feed



			© copyright ©1997 - 2025 all content and images are copyright protected, all rights reserved by attorney s. johnson, jr hosted/developed by anartist unleashed

















