












brian greer's tin ceilings | tin ceiling products: tiles, moldings, fillers and cornices
















































 













homeproductsavailable productstilesall tile designstile designs 10-30tile designs 31-50tile designs 51-70tile designs 71-75 closefillersnoseingsmoldingscornicesspecialty itemsmedallionsbacksplashesfriezescustom items closedownload a catalogpricing informationfinishes closedesign & installationceiling design toolinstallation guidefinishing guideimportant informationfaq closecompany infohistory of brian greerhistory of tin ceilingsgo green with greercustomer commentscontact usreturn policyprivacy policy closemediabrian’s housecustom metal workmannheim showroomcustomer picturesexterior copper workgift ideasnewer piecescustom hand painted finishes close

 



 



 














highest quality and quantity of tin ceiling tiles available for immediate delivery










































covid-19

apr 14, 2020for any help or questions call 1-866-846-9710 or 519-743-9710
or
email us at bg@tinceiling.com.
due to government recommendations regarding the covid-19 pandemic, and everyone’s attempt to reduce the spread of the virus, our showroom is open, but by appointment only, so please call or email before coming to setup an appointment.  please be aware that face masks are required when in the showroom, and hand sanitization is also required at entry.
thank you for understanding, and please keep yourself and your families safe during these unprecedented times.
the staff at brian greer’s tin ceilings






 brian greer’s tin ceilings
welcome to brian greer’s tin ceilings, the world’s leading manufacturer of tin ceilings.  our extensive collection of tin ceiling products includes the largest collection of tin ceiling tiles, moldings, fillers and cornices available, and we have over 50 years experience in the metal industry. if you see a tin ceiling tile or other design that you like, but you can’t find on our website, email us a picture as we have lots of designs that are not in full production.  we also specialize in manufacturing historical reproductions for restoration jobs all over north america, so if you are looking to restore an old tin ceiling, but can’t find pieces to match, give us a call. 
the metal ceiling products that we manufacture offer the highest quality and definition, and we stock a large assortment of tin ceiling pieces for immediate delivery. our tin ceiling products are manufactured to be historically accurate, and we manufacture our products as they were made over 100 years ago.
when planning your tin ceiling design, be sure to check out our unique and award winning tools to help visualize your project. you can create various combinations of tin ceiling products in our interactive tin ceiling design tool which will help you visualize the final design. there are literally thousands of possible combinations to choose from, and leveraging our unique ceiling design tools will help you make sure that you choose the best design for your project. be sure to take the time to read our important tin ceiling information section, and be sure to download our latest tin ceilings catalog to see all of the tin ceiling products that we offer.
the tin ceiling tiles that we manufacture offer the highest quality and definition when compared to the products manufactured by our competition, so be sure to check the quality of the designs before purchasing. we recommend that you order samples and compare the quality of the definition, and overall detail in the design. 
 








scott l.i just received my order of ceiling tin from you. excellent products! i want to thank you for your quick service, great packaging and outstanding product. the tin exceeded all of my expectations. my compliments to you and your staff.








scott and diane thornhilli wanted to thank you for all your help in getting my tin ceiling. i was able to complete the installation using your on line instruction. during the holidays it has already been a conversation piece. our kitchen is a warm and inviting room and the tin ceiling is a big part of it.








melmy husband and i just received the panels of tin that we ordered from you, and they’re just beautiful! we’re looking forward to installing them this week.








maxine fentoni have just received my panels and they are beautiful! i can’t wait to get them intalled. one design is being used as a backsplash in my kitchen and the other is being used as side panels on my freestanding fireplace in my family room. as we are remodelling and i thought that your panels would give me the old fashion look i desire. i have already given your name and web address to the two men that installed my fireplace as they really like the ideas i have for using your panels. they wanted to order some of your panels for themselves as they are also remodelling. thank you for the catalogue it has become my new wish list.








tom hagendear mr. greer. the ceiling arrived, well packaged and beautiful! i’ll recommend your products to others in the building trades here! thank you for the prompt service.








alain auclair and marie-hélène beaulieuwe have received our tin panel today and it is installed where we planned. i would like to thank you very much for the high quality product my wife and i have received from you and for your patience with us demanding customers.








chad & kim perrywe received our ceiling tiles and and installed them in our kitchen. they are beautiful!! we look up at our ceiling and can’t believe we installed them ourselves. all our friends and family love them. thanks.








jackiei recently installed my ceiling in my kitchen with the help of my 75 year old dad. mr. greer was most helpful on the telephone, the instructions were simple and the ceiling arrived quickly and in suburb condition. great packing. i installed the 1/4 in plywood first and then attached the ceiling using a brad nailer and liquid nails. i cannot express how beautiful it is and how pleased i am with this product. thanks brian for your craftsmanship.








dottie hahni am very pleased with the panels. they are even more than i had hoped for. thank you very much.








valerie krickusi received your tiles this week. they are beautiful. thanks for the quick delivery and great packaging.








april macdonell and robin mccubbinyour tin ceiling is a “star” in our little house. we are providing a photo that you may use on your website…if you wish. if it doesn’t work on the web (i.e, too light or too dark), not to worry. we’ll have others that we will eventually scan. it was installed in 2002. two very happy customers.








 

 
 
 







"brian greer's tin ceilings" are shipped worldwide every day












please feel free to contact us with your questions, concerns and orders with the number below
you may also navigate through this entire website to find answers to most of your questions
visit our help, site map and frequently asked questions sections at the top of the screen








toll free: (866) 846-9710 or (519) 743-9710 | fax: (519) 570-1447 | email: bg@tinceiling.com
showroom address: 1572 mannheim road, rr2 petersburg, on, canada n0b 2h0 or
us address: 3909 witmer road, #914 niagara falls, new york, usa 14305-1244








products
tile designs
molding designs
filler designs
cornice designs
noseing designs
medallion designs
backsplash designs
frieze designs
specialty items
custom items
tile finishes


installation
interactive ceiling
important info
installation guide
layout suggestions
finishing guide
install diagrams
t-bar install tips
beam install tips
coped and mitered


company
order online
pricing information
request a quote
tin ceiling history
brian greer history
sample layouts
design your own
interactive ceiling
download a catalog


feedback
request a quote
tin ceiling faq
customer comments
customer pics
installation guide
important info
download a catalog


gallery
mannheim showroom
custom metalwork
brian's house
customer pictures


media
design your own
interactive ceiling
download a catalog
product brochure
layout suggestions
picture galleries
tile finishes
project planner
request a quote



﻿






facebook


copyright © 2017 brian greer's tin ceilings | web solutions by think shovels  





























