












professional organizer nj | bergen county | organized artistry














































 









 















home
services

virtual organizing
residential organizing
how we work


book
blog
media
meet stacey
contact us





take a moment to think...
do you search for papers only to find them weeks after you needed them?
have you thought of cloning yourself to complete your ‘to-do’ list?
are you feeling overwhelmed by the ‘stuff’ you've acquired?


now picture this...
you walk into your home—everything is in its place. you know exactly where tonight's show tickets are. your back-up babysitter is about to arrive. the kids' papers have been signed, you've chosen your outfit for tomorrow, and the path to the front door is clear.
professional organizer, stacey agin murray can help you achieve that reality by providing hands-on, creative, and individualized solutions to your organizing challenges—leaving you with more time in your day, more money in your wallet, and less stress in your life.






what area of your life needs organizing?
contact stacey to get started!



about stacey

in 2002, professional organizer and author stacey agin murray created organized artistry to help others achieve a life of 'organized bliss.' using patience, creativity and a sense of humor, stacey strives to connect clients with their 'inner organizer.' (she knows it's in there!)
writing about organizing, witnessing a client's 'aha!' moment, and strolling the aisles of her local container store bring her great professional joy. her personal joys include her hubby and two sons and she clings to the hope that someday she'll be able to sleep as late as she'd like. learn more...

organized artistry has a youtube channel

organized artistry has a youtube channel! organizing basics, tips, how-to’s, hacks, and more—let our fun and helpful videos guide you to a more organized life. click to watch organized artistry’s youtube channel trailer and let’s start transforming ‘mess’ into ‘masterpiece’ together—virtually!


the organized bride’s thank you note handbook
writing wedding-related thank you notes doesn’t have to be stressful! the organized bride’s thank you note handbook offers strategies, helpful tips, and 101 sample thank you notes to guarantee thoughtful, creative, and personalized messages of thanks—the organized way. learn more…


subscribe to the organized artistry newsletter
feeling overwhelmed? jumpstart your organized life with the organized artistry newsletter—filled with quick tips, helpful ideas, and organizing resources. subscribe and receive my 'top ten tips for organized living.’











you're on your way to organizing success!


recent blog posts
celebrating women of the professional organizing industry: women’s history month
the month of march celebrates the contributions women have made to history (or herstory!), culture, and society. in february 1980, president jimmy carter issued the first presidential proclamation declaring the week of march 8, 1980 as national women’s history week. presidents after carter continued to proclaim a national women’s history week in march until 1987 […]



locations served

organized artistry serves all of bergen county, nj & areas 30 mins north, south & west of fair lawn. virtual organizing services offered for those outside of our service area.
















© 2002- organized artistry, llc.  all rights reserved.
contact: stacey@organizedartistry.com
website design by outbox online


home
services
book
blog
media
meet stacey
contact us

privacy policy
pinterest  /  linkedin  /  facebook  /  instagram  /  youtube  /  goodreads




top









