





welcome to the golden gate labrador retriever club

























gglrc members only:
already have a password? click on the login button below to access the members-only area.
need a password? enter your name and email at right, then click "register." allow 1-2 days for membership validation.




request members-only access



a password will be emailed to you.

register






 



 

members only
close

 

 
 



golden gate labrador retriever club

about us

about gglrc
our newsletter
lab rescue


events

calendar
gglrc specialty
other events



newsletter

how to choose a puppy
the right breeder



the blog
contact us















the 
                                    golden gate labrador retriever club
                                
in the news....check the calendar for upcoming events throughout 2024, including our specialties, hunt test,  field training days, wc tests and more!
 
 
 
lab rescue
membership





the 
                                    golden gate labrador retriever club
the golden gate labrador retriever club (gglrc) is located in california's san francisco bay area. the club publishes a newsletter, retriever reflections, and sponsors events year-round that emphasize and encourage labrador retriever owners to enjoy the versatility of this breed. we are especially proud of the ability of our members to consistently earn obedience, agility, show and field titles with their dogs, while maintaining the highest level of sportsmanship.
                                    
more info »


















the labrador
interesting facts, humor and articles about america's most popular breed, our beloved labrador retrievers.
                  




breeders
the most important decision you make in buying a lab puppy is choosing the right breeder. our guide lists the pros and cons.




want a puppy?
the right puppy will be your family member for years. take your time to pick the right breed and  the right temperament.
                




our labs
gglrc members and our dogs compete in many areas--conformation, obedience, agility and field trials. 
                  





the labrador retriever...

                    ...is a strongly built, medium-sized, short-coupled dog possessing a sound, athletic, well-balanced conformation that enables it to function as a retrieving gun dog; the substance and soundness to hunt waterfowl or upland game for long hours under difficult conditions; the character and quality to win in the show ring; and the temperament to be a family companion. 
--excerpt from the official labrador retriever breed standard.


for gglrc's position statement on akc registration  of 'silver,' 'champagne,' and 'charcoal' colors
                  in supposedly purebred labradors who carry the dilute [d] gene, click here. purebred labrador retrievers come in only three colors: black, yellow and chocolate!














useful links
american kennel club (akc) »
the labrador retriever 
                        club »
orthopedic foundation for animals (ofa) »
optigen »
cerf »
associated obedience clubs of northern california »                        



have a question?

please fix these first




leave your message here (optional)



yes! please contact me.


do not fill out this field



send email
reset








photography
thank you to karen hudson of family tails photography for use of photos (see credits) of member's labradors on this site. for  information see the family tails photography website.

all uncredited photos were supplied by club members.

gglrc on facebook






other lab clubs
cclrc: central california labrador retriever club. www.cclrc.org »
                        svlrc: sierra vista labrador retriever club. www.svlrc.net »
                        sdlrc: san diego labrador retriever club. www.sdlrc.com »
                        hdlrc: high desert labrador retriever club. www.hdlrc.com »
                        sjvlrc: san joaquin labrador retriever club. [no current website]
                        lrcsc: labrador retriever club of southern california. www.lrcsocal.org »


lab rescue

golden gate labrador retriever rescue 
                          (gglrr) »





central california labrador retriever rescue 
                              (cclrr) »





club info

club contacts »

calendar of events »
members-only area »

club forms:
membership app. â»
awards form »


disclaimer

this website is provided for educational purposes only and does not endorse or receive compensation for any  links to kennels, organizations or individuals included herein. gglrc is a non-profit organization. 



privacy

your privacy is important to us. click here to view our privacy policy. »










