




cancer kids | helping children with cancer tell their stories to the world



















































cancer kids
helping children with cancer tell their stories to the world



menu

						skip to content					
home
about
stories
wall of memory
 

search for:



 







cancer kids is back!


welcome to cancer kids!   we are getting ready to celebrate our 25th anniversary and we look forward to our return to the internet.
please be patient with us.   we are creating a beautiful online home to honor children and teens battling childhood cancer.    we will also preserve your important family stories to inspire members of our cancer community.
we will create a “wall of memory” page with photos for those who have left us too soon.  please allow us to honor your “courageous kids.”
when you submit your child’s story , please include your full contact information.   please  send your submissions and photos to acfckids@earthlink.net   we will promptly acknowledge all submissions by email.
your prayer requests will be honored soon by members of the religious community.
please join us!  would you like to offer your time, talents and other support?     we would appreciate hearing your ideas, feedback and suggestions.     please reach out to us at acfckids@earthlink.net 
the cancer kids project is a program of kids cancer connection, inc.   all submissions become the property of kids cancer connection, inc. (kcc)   kids cancer connection, inc. is active in all 50 states.   all kcc programs are facilitated through a national network of volunteers.   kcc is a federally recognized 501 (c)(3) tax-exempt organization.  all donations are tax deductible to the extent permitted by law.
 
 
please visit our online home www.kidscancerconnection.org   
——-
our history:  from 1997 to 2013, the cancer kids website helped children with cancer tell their stories to the world, and celebrated the memories of children who lost their battle to cancer. this project has always been a labor of love, created and maintained by a small number of people.
this archived version of the cancer kids website has been provided to help preserve the stories and memories of these brave kids.
to the children
to all those children who are still in the battle, keep fighting! your courage is an inspiration to those who watch you struggle and see your determination to live. in the words of the little girl whose cancer battle inspired the creation of this site years ago, “trust in god and never give up!”
to the parents
to the parents of those children who are in the fight, god bless you. the sacrifices you make every day, the obstacles you face and overcome, and the unshakable love for your precious child that drives you forward through it all … that’s the stuff of legends. don’t ever stop being an advocate for your child. don’t ever stop telling your child’s story. you are a champion among champions.
to the broken-hearted
to those who have lost the battle, who have experienced the unthinkable heartache of burying your child, whose arms are unbearably empty and whose hearts are forever broken … our prayer for you is that the joy of your memories will provide some sense of balance to the emptiness in your soul; that you will find peace in the midst of heartache, blessings in the midst of trials, and hope in the midst of despair.
thank you
a special thank you is extended to all those who have supported this project through the years. an extra-special thank you is extended to kenny, who lovingly nurtured this website as volunteer webmaster.












copyright© 1997 – 2025 cancerkids.org 



					proudly powered by wordpress				










