

ucs used computers laptops lcds import export wholesale offlease
















    ucs - used computers & lcd monitors
        wholesale surplus and off-lease for bulk export







home     
          | about us      |
          policies      
			| order      
			| e-mail us                    
                                                                                                                language:

fra 
          ger esp rus






































pc used computers 


› 

desktops 


› 

notebooks 


› 

monitors 


› 

printers 


› 

accessories




 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
mac used computers
 


› 

desktops 


› 
powerbooks 


› 
monitors 


› 

printers 


› 
accessories





 








»  
specials


















the 
    usedcomputershop is your source for the import-export of wholesale / surplus / bulk 
    and off-lease 
    tested working tier one used computers and used monitors such as dell, ibm, ast, compaq, hp, 
    gateway, and apple.
 
used computer shop 
	is a global wholesaler of recycled used and refurbished computers, monitors 
	and notebooks.
    we offer high quality computer equipment at liquidation prices.
    our selection includes a wide variety of pc and mac  hardware, parts, and 
    accessories. we also offer world-wide brokering and sourcing services for it 
    revitalization. 
 
 
fewer used computers and monitors are being sent to 
    landfills these days, as many more are being recycled as global markets for 
    used technologies 
    develop.  in essence, the pcs and monitors sentenced to death in landfills have 
    been given a second life in newly established recycled electronic goods 
    markets. we provide our customers with older technology at highly competitive 
    pricing. the fast pace of technological development has rendered many 
    computers "obsolete," but these older systems are still capable of providing 
    sufficient capabilities for everyday use. our mission is to facilitate the 
    transfer and the recycle of technology to places around the world that are in the process of 
    acquiring computer technology.
 
 
wholesale/surplus/off-lease tested-working used computers
we receive thousands of obsolete computers and monitors each month from 
    fortune 500 companies. we also acquire computer equipment from government 
    organizations and schools from across the us and canada. 
 
wholesale pricing for computers
we normally sell our systems and monitors by the container load. to 
    receive the pricing advertised it is necessary to purchase by the palette or 
    the container. please call us for retail pricing. we welcome potential 
    customers to visit one of our warehouses in the us and canada to inspect our 
    facilities and our pcs. our commitment to excellence guarantees that 
    our customers will receive tested/working computers at excellent prices. 


  
     
                           
global export of computer equipment                                 

we export to every major country in the world. we 
    regularly ship to pakistan, india, sri lanka, egypt, bangladesh, 
    azerbaijan, vietnam,  jordan, iraq, saudi 
    arabia, kuwait, syria, germany, spain, france, bulgaria, italy, belgium, italy, 
    russia, portugal, romania, ukraine, poland, armenia, canada, hong kong, 
    bolivia, venezuela, colombia, peru, chile, cameroon, and ghana. we currently export over 10,000 computers and 
    monitors each month. please check with your local customs office to check 
    for any additional fees that are incurred for importing used computer 
    equipment.
 
 

 





          
 


educational and informational computer  pages and links:
 









recycling and disposal of computers 
            and monitors
- sites where you can 
            recycle your used pc and monitor, as well as 
            links to various organizations that are protecting the environment 
            by recycling computers. also links to organizations which help 
            low-income families, charities, and other nonprofit groups by 
            donating your computer equipment to them. 


 junk removal - total ewaste solution in montreal.


 floor sanding - creating and refreshing business workplaces.


 


 


 


 


 








 
 
 
 








 

copyright © 1999-2015 used computer shop 
      all rights reserved
 






