




peter hurd oboe













oboe instrument
        collection • wind instruments for sale




instruments, bocals, tools for sale
instrument hot list
rare saxophone registry
a philosophy of oboes
buying an oboe
oboe makers & commentary
"stencil" instruments
alternate fingerings
care of oboes & english horns
consignment
contact - payment - shipping
heckelphone/bass oboe   repertoire
1966 oboe music catalog   - mcginnis & marx
home


peter hurd
      		360.671.0696
      		10:00 am - 5:00 pm
      		monday - saturday, pacific time
peteroboe1@gmail.com
info@oboes.us
in-person visits to try instruments welcome -
     please make an appointment in advance
usps:
p.o. box 30826 
bellingham , wa 98228 usa
usps will not deliver to our physical address
ups/fedex/dhl:
4371 gooding ave. 
bellingham , wa 98226 usa






püchner oboes, oboes d'amore, english horns
        oboes.us is exclusive dealer for püchner oboe instruments in north america. https://puchner.com/en
“i've never played a horn with a more attractive sound, or so expressive.  and i could never reach the end of it, it would take as much as i could give it, yet respond beautifully to the softest breath...i am still amazed at how loud or soft i could play on it.  and i am amazed at how quickly it could go from one dynamic extreme to the other.  response is not just quick notes - it is shifts in dynamics and nuances of tone color. it could do everything - instantly.  from linebacker to ballerina in a heartbeat.  velvet fist in a steel glove. you can seduce you audience, then knock their ears back an instant later.”  
		– an excerpt from in praise of püchner english horns by dr. james isaacs
        please contact me if you
          need more information about püchner instruments.


i'm looking for:
				loree instruments - any vintage
				chauvet instruments - bw series
				kreul, kreul/miraphone, kreul/gordet instruments
				heckelphones
				heckel english horn, conservatory system
				rothophone - baritone
				pierret baritone saxophone in silver plate
				sarrusophone- contrabass in c or contrabass in bb
please contact me if you
          wish to sell any of the types of instruments listed above.




baritone sax-oboe in eb, cabart,the only known example.

welcome to oboes.us. 
a division of olympic carillon, inc.
my passion is playing and collecting oboes, oboes d'amore, english
        horns, heckelphones, saxophones, and related wind instruments.
        i often sell oboes, english horns, and an occasional saxophone
        from my collection. i thoroughly enjoy the process of matching
        musicians (from beginner to professional) with instruments.
i am always glad to help with any questions you may have about
        anything related to the oboe family. consultation is always freely
        offered. 
almost all of the instruments i offer for sale from my collection
        have been meticulously overhauled, with new cork pads throughout,
        nylon tips installed on all of the adjustment screws, keys swaged
        and fitted, and re-voicing as necessary. any oboe i have listed
        for sale on consignment will be in first class playable condition
        before being sent out.
 i also at times buy oboes and english horns outright - please
        ask. 

from top to bottom: heckelphone, loree bass oboe, cabart baritone sax-oboe in eb, 
		puchner english horn, loree oboe d'amore, hiniker oboe






©
      
      peter hurd. web development   sky valley limited




