










sturgeon electric - experienced electrical infrastructure contractor
















































 

about

safety
why sturgeon electric
sustainability
leadership
recognition
history
community


projects
capabilities
news
careers
contact

get in touch
vendor program


myr group

 












building the infrastructure that is powering our future
providing expert, sustainable electrical construction solutions throughout the western united states. 



watch full video
3:31





  transmission construction


  distribution construction


  substation construction


  commercial & industrial


  transportation construction


  clean energy


  emergency restoration



explore all capabilities






contact us





01 featured projectsyour best electrical connection, since 1912


an industry leader for more than a century, sturgeon electric has helped shape the western united states’ infrastructure by delivering some of the largest and most complex electrical transmission, commercial and industrial, and renewable energy projects. our specialized expertise, skilled workforce, and innovative practices translate to successful project delivery for our clients. these valuable resources are what enable us to be an industry leader supporting the clean energy transformation.

view all projects




see what we're capable of




 renewable energy


        raptor ridge solar field        






 transmission


        utah state penitentiary        






 commercial & industrial


        children’s hospital north campus expansion        






 substation


        crystal series capacitor        






 commercial & industrial


        denver international airport (den)        






 distribution


        xcel energy alliance        






 emergency restoration


        cogswell reservoir/bobcat fire restoration        






 transportation


        beavertail tunnels lighting renovation project        






 telecommunications


        sonny lubick field at canvas stadium (formerly hughes stadium)        






 fleet resources


        greater mooses tooth 1 and greater mooses tooth 2 transmission lines        






 project certainty


        rocky mountain regional veterans affairs medical center        







02 safety and sustainabilityat sturgeon electric, safety and sustainability are life

with safety at our core, we protect our people while making an impact today, tomorrow, and beyond
safety is a core value, and our number one priority. our culture embraces constant innovation and improvement in our safety practices and is the catalyst that sets us apart. we strive to deliver the best training, tools, support, and mentorship to each and every employee. in turn, we expect and receive behavioral excellence and integrity that fuels the success and innovation necessary to remain an industry leader in safety.

learn more



building a sustainable future for our people, our clients, and our communities
we are committed to positively impacting the world around us while partnering with our clients to deliver sustainable solutions. we have an inherent obligation to operate as a responsible organization, strive to reduce our impact on the environment, focus on the well-being of our people, and support the communities where we live and work. by emphasizing our critical role in the clean energy transformation, we are contributing to a more sustainable future for all.

learn more






03 parent companya proud subsidiary of myr group inc.


as an myr group company, we are one of 13 premier electrical contractors who utilize cross-collaboration providing our clients with innovative solutions, specific to their project.  we have the unique capacity to draw upon national resources as needed to deliver comprehensive solutions and service in your local market.

learn more






04 careersenergize your career with us!
our people are a pivotal part of our business, our culture, and our future. we strive to hire top-tier talent while promoting the value-enhancing aspects of unique backgrounds and perspectives into an environment of belonging and acceptance. opportunities are waiting for you – apply today to learn more.

career opportunities






strength in diversity – explore our vendor program



learn more










 

about
projects
capabilities
news
careers
contact
myr group
 



quick links
privacy policytermsinvestors


additional links
sustainability reportvendor programthird-party recruiters


sign up for our newsletter

submit


 







        © 2025 sturgeon electric company, inc. is an myr group inc. company and an equal opportunity employer.      

        website by studiothink















