


green junkbox


















 http://www.one.org





    
	green junkbox
	
  




wednesday, september 26, 2007



	 we are hypocrites...
    


mr. bush,just a few days ago you came out on t.v., touting the iraq war as a war for freedom. i would like to see you extend that message to the current situation in burma, where pro democracy demonstrations are being quashed by the military junta. i beg you, send a battle group, bomb a government building, show these thugs that the u.s. will not sit idly by and watch this injustice unfold. i'm afraid my pleas will fall on deaf ears, as we are selective in our objectives as they are driven by the interests of the oil industry, an industry that has made your family and others in your administration extremely wealthy. mr. bush, don't make us hypocrites! for once do the right thing.http://www.flickr.com/photos/naingankyatha/ labels: burma junta democracy demonstrations



posted by junkbox @ 4:53 pm  
      
         5 comments






sunday, january 07, 2007



	 happy new year 2007...
    


2007?! geez! i can't believe i've made it this far. 2007 sounds so modern, yet we are still oh-so backward.i wish you the very best for the new year. i mean everyone. i mean no ill will. if you made a mistake, well that's your hide, not mine... i wish you the best!!!this should be a better year as far as local politics go, the voters having made more sensible decisions, we'll see.......all the best!!!



posted by junkbox @ 8:27 pm  
      
         7 comments






sunday, september 17, 2006



	 lopez obrador = nut!
    


is it me or is mexico's defeated presidential candidate starting to sound like a nut? parallel goverment? talk about a sore loser! 



posted by junkbox @ 9:50 pm  
      
         30 comments






sunday, september 10, 2006



	 some more school board bashing!
    


most of you know i am no fan of the school district system. it leads to bloated, overpaid bureaucracies that only benefit the fatcat contractor buddies of the school board members.as a prime example of this; allow me to rant about mon mack rd. in edinburg, tx. mon mack was a quaint back road, but a few years ago. at some point someone "cut a deal" and built two schools on mon mack, an elementary school on the corner of sprague and a ms on the corner of schunior. at first, it was nothing but bliss, now a few years later, it is congestion city. you see the area has expanded, there are new houses as far as the eye can see. my question to the city and the school board is: what are you doing with the added tax revenue? it's there. these new houses are paying taxes. why haven't you expanded the street? why are you housing students in temporary buildings? what are you doing with this money? why is it taking years to do something? hello! anyone even there? sigh! maybe they're waiting for an accident or the tv media to do something. oh well! goes right back to my bloated beareucracy comment. regardless, all these taxpayers deserve, better. why must we settle for 2nd best?salut!



posted by junkbox @ 9:29 pm  
      
         11 comments






friday, august 18, 2006



	 end of summer...
    


every year during the summer i reevaluate my choice of the valley as my place of residence, not being a native, the heat makes me reconsider my choice. this year would not have made a difference seeing the heatwave the swept thru the entire nation. i actually also like it here so ain't moving, yet the heat! dang!finally, the days are beginning to change, the evenings are getting shorter the air feels different. fall is coming. to me, this is the nicest part of the year in the valley. let's enjoy it!kids, finish your homework early and let's go outside!



posted by junkbox @ 9:36 pm  
      
         3 comments






wednesday, july 26, 2006



	 the uncle and the pitbull menance...
    


children's deaths are particularly disturbing to me. especially when it involves carelessness and neglect. the death of hargill's 3-year-old mariah puga is particularly tragic. my question to the family, to the uncle eduardo davila is: what is wrong with you?why so many dogs? pitbulls, really? you say to protect the house. what house? that piece-of-crap wood shack? instead of spending money on those mangy dogs, invest in your family. i plead to all those owners of these types of dogs. put them down! they are a tragedy waiting to happen. in england they've been banned. is the life of this little girl and her horrible death worth the questionable benefits of having these animals? i cannot phathom the pain and horror she experienced. uncle, eduardo davila, you know you just want to make up for your shortcomings by owning these animals. eduardo davila, in my opinion, you are an idiot! they should put you down, along with your mangy dogs! 



posted by junkbox @ 9:40 pm  
      
         7 comments






wednesday, july 19, 2006



	 why the heck not...
    


as seen in this week's newsweek... gang! it can't be any worse...http://www.kinkyfriedman.com/we will never end this cycle of destructive decadence we are locked in with these two conformist parties.get out and vote!



posted by junkbox @ 10:59 pm  
      
         0 comments









	 the summer wind...
    


i don't know how many of you have noticed my abscence, much less missed me. i've been pinning away the summer on all sorts of pursuits. with the kids being out of school, i've realized how much my social life depends on theirs. i now live thru their eyes. their careless demeanour and the glimmer of hope in their eyes. definetely makes it worth dealing with all the bs, it's for them.how tragic it is, this, this violence in the middle east (and the rest of the world). for what? what's wrong with us? i pray for the innocents. they pay the price. the pictures of dead children is what hurts the most!!! bring them to me instead, i will take care of them!:(



posted by junkbox @ 10:52 pm  
      
         5 comments











about me

name:  junkbox 
location:  mcallen, texas, united states 
these posts are mussings sprinkled with the occasional social commentary, local art exhibit and a bit of tree-hugging rhetoric. take them as such. go forth and enjoy!
view my complete profile



links

a capitol blog!
councilman gene espinoza's blog!
onward into the fog
republic of the rio grande
earn my vote!
blink and you'll miss it
valley politics
hector gomez's rgv politics
shaine mata's rgv life
sports logo pundit
the great taco hunt
south texican
general gripes (new!)
joe garza's blog
websites:
smarty cartoons
edinburg politics
one the campaign to make poverty history

previous posts

we are hypocrites...
happy new year 2007...
lopez obrador = nut!
some more school board bashing!
end of summer...
the uncle and the pitbull menance...
why the heck not...
the summer wind...
pass me the pan please.
champion of democrazy?

archives

march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
january 2007
september 2007









 





