



 



















































food bank for the washington, dc, region | capital area food bank





























































skip to main content














toggle search




menu












hunger in our region


cafb hunger report




what we do


direct food distribution


food+ partnerships


advocacy & public policy


nutrition & wellness


farms & gardening




impact


how to help


donate money


donate food


volunteer


virtual fundraising


corporate engagement


more ways to help




donate




hunger report


events & campaigns


blog


volunteer


partners


get help


contact




toggle search



















search







capital area food bank


good food today. brighter futures tomorrow.
see how 











hunger exists in every zip code in our region.




    learn the facts about hunger in our community
  
hunger stretches across the map of our area. that’s why our network of nonprofit partners does, too. take a look to learn more about the scope of need in our region.

need
impact
partners
people



    see full map
  

















read more about martha's table


read more about dc central kitchen


read more about bread for the city


read more about manna


read more about food for others




read more about justin


read more about wanda


read more about deborah


read more about jose





















martha's table
2375 elvans road sewashington, dc 20020

visit website



for over 40 years, martha’s table has worked to support strong children, strong families, and strong communities in washington, d.c.




 














dc central kitchen
425 2nd st, nwwashington, dc  20001

visit website



as the nation’s first and leading community kitchen, dc central kitchen develops and operates social ventures that break the cycle of hunger and poverty.




 














bread for the city
1700 good hope road, sewashington, dc 20020

visit website



bread for the city provides food, clothing, medical care, and legal and social services to reduce the burden of poverty and help washington, d.c., residents living with low income develop their power to determine the future of their own communities.




 














manna
12301 old columbia pike, suite 200silver spring, md 20904

visit website



since 1983, manna food center has worked to eliminate hunger in montgomery county, maryland, by offering food distribution, education, and advocacy.




 














food for others
2938 prosperity avenuefairfax, va 22031

visit website



food for others is an important part of northern virginia’s safety net for those needing food when an emergency strikes and for the growing number of working poor who need to supplement their inadequate food supplies.




 














justin
d.c.




thanks to family markets, justin no longer worries that his children have enough food to grow and thrive.
justin’s family budget was already stretched as far as it could go, with little left over to invest in additional groceries. one day, his kids’ school notified justin of a new partnership with the capital area food bank to offer a monthly family market at the school. this partnership would help provide families with fresh fruits, vegetables and non-perishable, healthy groceries each month right at the school. with more healthy food added into the family’s diet, justin noticed an improvement in the kids’ energy levels. his oldest, an eighth grader, will soon be hard at work on applications to get into the best high schools. “i’m just so happy she’ll have the food she’ll need to focus on her studies and applications,” justin grins. and justin can focus on ensuring his kids have the resources they need for success.




 














wanda
landover hills, md




with help from her local pantry, wanda no longer needs to choose between rent, medicine, and food.
when the retirement benefits she received weren’t enough to cover her essential living costs, wanda was confronted with the choice between paying bills and buying groceries. through her church, wanda connected with landover hills baptist church, a partner of the capital area food bank that operates a weekly food pantry known as feed my sheep. “it felt like divine intervention,” she said, recounting the experience. with help stretching her food budget, the choices between food, rent, and medicine have been alleviated. wanda no longer worries about whether she’ll have enough food to eat each week and has taken to spending time cooking with her daughter and grandchildren – one of her favorite pastimes.




 














deborah
virginia




free community markets help deborah fill in budgeting gaps to ensure her three grandchildren get the food they need to grow strong and healthy.
deborah is a senior who takes care of her three grandchildren, including the youngest—an energetic four-year-old. she wants to make sure that all her grandchildren get the food healthiest food possible, but that can sometimes be hard to do on her limited budget. when she needs to, deborah visits one of the capital area food bank’s free community markets in her neighborhood, where she can select fresh fruits and vegetable that help her fill in the gaps. she laughs happily about her grandson’s growing appetite for fresh produce now, saying that he shows no signs of slowing down. “i’m looking for a growth spurt from him soon!” she said. mothers and grandmothers, often there with young kids, are always among those served at these farmers market-style markets.




 














jose
district heights, md




the food jose receives from the cafb is making a big difference for his family’s ability to eat well, and to stretch dollars further.
dads across our area dream of the same things for their children: health and bright futures. josé, a proud father of four, works as a custodian at a high school in columbia heights. as the primary bread winner, he feels the weight of filling the refrigerator with fresh vegetables, fruits, and other healthy groceries for his busy family. he’s committed to making sure his kids have the food they need to stay healthy, learn, and excel, even on a tight budget. “i’ve had a lot of help from the food,” he said of food received from the cafb. “it’s helped me save some money every month for my family.”




 







              the capital area food bank leads our region’s efforts to provide equitable access to food and opportunity to people struggling with hunger and food insecurity. each year, we source and distribute the food for more than 60 million meals.
            








how we’re helping people in need
together with more than 400 local partners, we’re providing the food people need to thrive today. we’re also working with partners to pair food with services that can create permanent pathways out of hunger tomorrow.

    learn about our work
  













providing good food to help today.



distributing food where it’s needed most
with the help of farmers, wholesalers, restaurants, community members, and others, we source the food for more than 60 million meals each year. and thanks to our hundreds of partners in the community, we’re able to get that food to the individuals and families who need it most.

    nonprofit distribution partners
  

    direct distribution programs
  


400+ food assistance partners








creating hunger solutions for tomorrow.

while food is essential, we know it takes more than food to solve hunger.  employment, health, housing, and other issues can all contribute to the conditions that cause food insecurity. if we’re going to solve hunger, we have to address its root causes. which is why we’ve developed programs and partnerships designed to help people meet their food needs today while also getting access to services that can help them build paths out of food insecurity tomorrow.











nutrition education

good nutrition helps people thrive. so nutrition is at the core of our mission.


learn more nutrition education










farms & gardening

from nearby farms to backyard gardens, we’re committed to helping people get the produce they need for good health.


learn more farms & gardening










food+ partnerships

we partner with organizations that provide skills training, health screenings, financial advice, and more to address the root causes of hunger and food insecurity.


learn more food+ partnerships













food has the power to transform lives.

    see our impact
  







they gave us more than food—they gave us hope.

epiphaney gittens
participant












make a difference in your community.










donate
your donation helps people in need by providing food and opportunity. just $1 provides 2 meals.










volunteer
we welcome volunteer help at our warehouse and across our region.










partner
we’d love to talk to your organization about becoming one of the food bank’s nonprofit partners.

















stay connected




sign up for our newsletter
impact in your inbox. learn about upcoming events, new initiatives, and the many ways you can and do make a difference.

    sign up
  







events & campaigns



2024 regional college hunger conference

                          the capital area food bank, the consortium of universities of the washington metropolitan area, and northern virginia community college are pleased to be convening higher-education leaders and other stakeholders for…
                        
learn more about 2024 regional college hunger conference




2024 senior hunger conference

                          capital area food bank will hold a convening conference on food insecurity among seniors in washington, dc. this gathering aims to understand the current landscape of organizations that are serving…
                        
learn more about 2024 senior hunger conference




2023 regional college hunger conference

                          the capital area food bank and the consortium of universities of the washington metropolitan area are pleased to welcome higher education leaders and other stakeholders to the 2023 regional college…
                        
learn more about 2023 regional college hunger conference





from our blog



commemorating 45 years of the capital area food bank

                            from humble beginnings in a modest warehouse to serving more than 64 million meals, read on to learn more about the cafb's 45 year journey of partnership, growth, and service…
                          
read more about commemorating 45 years of the capital area food bank




a year of giving back: 12 ways to help in 2025

                            a new year is underway. kick off 2025 with this at-a-glance guide for how to help people in your community each month of the year: january in the spirit of…
                          
read more about a year of giving back: 12 ways to help in 2025






















visit our facebook





visit our twitter





visit our instagram





visit our youtube












hunger in our region


what we do


impact


how to help








about us


financial & tax info


careers


newsroom


privacy policy





donate






 locations



district of columbia
4900 puerto rico avenue, newashington, dc 20017

p: (202) 644-9800
f: (202) 529-1767

directions




virginia
6833 hill park drivelorton, va 22079

p: (571) 482-4770
f: (703) 541-0179

directions























donor info
united way: #8052
cfc: #30794
tax id: #52-1167581




© capital area food bank, 2019 | privacy policy











