


home - association for women in communications tulsa



























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








member loginmenuhomeabout about faq historymembers new member signup board of directors membershipprograms & events programs and events event calendar community outreach  community job listing newsmakers rising star communicator  contact us






keyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right••••welcome to awc tulsa
communication experts

the association for women in communications tulsa (awc tulsa) is the prevailing communications organization for those working and serving in diverse, but related, communications professions. awc tulsa has a longstanding and strong presence in the community. our membership represents a variety of communications disciplines in tulsa and surrounding areas.
﻿﻿upcoming eventsprograms and eventsfacebook feedawctulsa/awc tulsa holds premier professional and networking events for area communicators. 
join us at one soon!1. program lunches: 
the second thursday of each month from september through april, we host a monthly professional development lunch with a variety of engaging speakers teaching us about communications techniques. 2. women, wisdom & wine: 
kick back and relax at our quarterly social events (members only). become a member today! 3. professional development workshop: 
every year it's a new topic - from crisis communications to social media tips, this half-day conference is certain to take your communications skills to the next level.4. open house: 
we start each program year with an open house in august. learn more about us and meet some of tulsa's greatest communicators!5. newsmakers awards: 
we wrap up our program year in may with an awards luncheon recognizing key newsmakers in our community and honoring one oklahoma woman with a lifetime achievement award. we also award two scholarships to female communication majors.become a member








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









