






my church events | the only church calendar on the market that lets you effortlessly add images from the largest library of church-specific graphics


































try us today!
member sign in








home
key features
sample calendar
pricing
what customers are saying
 contact us
help
pay my bill








an affordable online church calendar that is easy to set up and use.
built specifically for churches, my church events makes scheduling and sharing your events fast.

            possibly the most important tool in the life of the church is the calendar. church life comprises of mostly events – from recurring events such as sunday morning worship services, committee meetings, choir practices, to more annual and community events like vacation bible school, mission trips and more. church staff, members and visitors need a reliable, flexible, highly-visible calendar that shares your church events accurately, no matter where you use it, whether it be used at staff meetings or posted to your church’s website. a readily accessible calendar of church event dates, descriptions, times, locations, and resources is a must for any well-organized church.
        

my church events provides a robust calendar experience that has all you need to coordinate and schedule upcoming events and activities from anywhere. the church calendar is a communications hub for your church members and even your extended community, and when things can rapidly change week-to-week, you need a calendar that is quick and easy to update and share with your members, visitors and staff. our calendar program is 100% securely online, flexible and most importantly, designed with the church in mind.
        

            if you need more than just an online calendar, that's no problem. use our print view to print a paper version of your calendar in various views such as weekly, monthly or yearly—perfect for handouts, bulletin boards, committees and more. we make it easy to export your online calendar to word to add to your church publications like newsletters or worship bulletins or export the calendar to excel for easy viewing at staff meetings.
        

            we've created my church events to be simple and intuitive. the calendar is easy to build, with many features to give you the tools you need. let us be your church calendar solution.
        







                online church calendar
            


            quickly and easily create a church event calendar or community events calendar your members and church office staff will love using my church events. add a link to your website and members, staff and visitors will be able to view any upcoming event instantly.
        





                add additional details
            


            besides your event title, date and time, you can also add event location information, additional details, forums, map links and more — directly on your event.
        





                coordinate events
            


            no other church calendar is as good at resource management as ours. our calendar is the only fully online calendar that manages resources, such as rooms, equipment, personnel, and will even instantly alert you of any resource schedule conflicts.
        







                share calendar
            


            use our custom urls to your calendar for easy access from any web browser or mobile device.  you can also connect with your members by posting an event to facebook or "tweeting" an event on twitter with just the click of a button.
        





                add church-specific images
            


            it’s the only church calendar on the market that lets you effortlessly add images from the largest library of church-specific graphics in order to highlight and feature special events or days.
        





                customize your calendar
            


            make the calendar your own by adding your church's information and logo at the top of the calendar. you can even change the font, colors and graphics to reflect your church's style.
        





try us today!
no commitments to continue. cancel anytime.





everything your church needs to view and coordinate events.
get the most of your calendar with resources management, interest groups and print features.








                add multiple editors
            


            you can add up to three additional editors to your account, for no extra cost. this is perfect for engaging extra help to add and maintain your church events.
        





                mobile friendly design
            


            because the calendar is completely accessible through the website, there are no downloads required. the calendar works flawlessly on any device — even your members' phones, with no additional app required.
        





                ad-free and secure experience
            


my church events is ad-free, meaning you’ll never have to worry about an inappropriate ad showing up on your church’s calendar. access your calendar with peace of mind knowing your data is safe and secure.
        







                link to your website
            


            add the calendar to your church's websites in just minutes. if you don't have a church website, don't worry — we provide custom urls to your calendar for easy access from any web browser or mobile device.
        





                print calendar option
            


            our calendar is designed for online use, but a print view is available for a paper version, ideal for meetings or simple distribution. you can also export to word or excel for added flexibility. it’s not intended for newsletters or extensive print use.
        





                private events
            


            keep your private events just that — private — with our private events feature. you can choose to make chosen events password-protected so only people (such as clergy, staff, and leaders) with that password can view them.
        




click here for a detailed list of features!









start today. cancel anytime.
plus, cancel within the first 30 days and receive a full refund.

            act now, and for just $69.95 per year, you’ll receive a full year of this time-saving tool. it’s a tremendous bargain you won’t find from any other source.
        

            our convenient continuous-subscription program ensures that your church staff and members alike are up to date with all your church events and happenings.
        

my church events is your ideal solution. in less than 10 minutes, you can have your new online calendar for your church and community events up and running. if we’re not what you’re looking for, simply cancel online anytime.
        




try us today!




copyright 1983-2025 by communication resources, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy








