

 




via santa clarita - connecting and building scv industry













































































































  













join now
661.294.8088


























your cart is currently empty!








menu 
if you were effected by the wildfires and need assistance please visit:
https://www.disasterassistance.gov
https://www.fema.govjoin via where your membership is an investment in success 
become a member of via and experience an immediate return on your investment. unlock a myriad of benefits, including invaluable connections, educational opportunities, active community involvement, effective advocacy, up-to-date news, and much more. your affiliation with via is not just an investment; it’s a gateway to a dynamic network that propels your success. join us today and reap the rewards of a membership that goes beyond expectations.join now
via is the conduit to business connections in the santa clarita valley.
join via



 19feb

executive board meeting

virtual/zoom elana strazzulla 

  20feb

advocacy committee meeting

virtual/zoom elana strazzulla 

  21feb

via luncheon – cybercrime: the invisible threat

dr. dianne g. van hook university center kathy norris 

  26feb

board of directors meeting

360 executive suites – conference room elana strazzulla 

  27feb

cocktails & conversation with tom cole, scv’s director of economic development

margarita's mexican grill elana strazzulla 

  05mar

via bash committee meeting

virtual/zoom elana strazzulla 

 



        no event found!    

load more


upcoming events
prepare to engage in more than just gatherings; our upcoming events are vibrant experiences eagerly awaiting your participation. forge meaningful connections as you engage with like-minded individuals, industry leaders, and potential collaborators. these events go beyond the ordinary, offering a unique opportunity to be a part of something truly special. join us and make connections that matter!



 


15 may 2025 11:30 am – 2:30 pm 
via workforce development conference
hyatt regency valencia, 24500 town center dr valencia, ca 91355 usa
kathy norris 









facebooktwitterlinkedinemail 


book now / details 
  



        no event found!    

your gateway to invaluable business connections
40+ years of business success and counting
if you’re currently engaged in business activities in santa clarita or contemplating a move to this vibrant community, via serves as your gateway to invaluable business connections within the santa clarita valley. as a proud member of via, you’ll seamlessly integrate into the scv business community, gaining access to a plethora of business resources.

collaborative engagements with ceos and business leaders to collectively address common business and community challenges, fostering the development of effective solutions.
abundant networking opportunities with potential customers and vendors, highlighted by our monthly via luncheons, via after five events and quarterly open cocktail and conversations.
employee training programs offered in collaboration with college of the canyons’ employee training institute.
exclusive access to vital business information through newsletters and email blasts, keeping you informed on crucial developments.
a platform to voice your concerns and opinions in city and state government, influencing regulatory decisions on issues like transportation, business taxes, water allocation, and workman’s compensation.
strategic alliances with business partners and community groups, providing you with a wealth of additional benefits.

join via today and unlock a host of benefits that extend beyond conventional business connections. your success in santa clarita starts with via!connecting to success: one day, lasting opportunities.
cts leads everywhere
via’s innovative, business-driven simulation delivers a complete career launchpad to students. whatever their goal, the path starts here.
skill-building sessions driven by real workplace challenges.
valuable social capital packed into conversations and q&as
work-based learning to kick off every career journey.
learn more about ctsbe in the knowfor exclusive news sign up for our newsletter.



"*" indicates required fields

first name*last name*email*



go!


commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 













annual sponsorsthank you to our annual sponsors for their unwavering support and commitment. their partnership plays a pivotal role in enabling us to continue our mission and provide valuable experiences to our members and community.platinum sponsors




gold sponsors



silver sponsors



bronze sponsors




contact us28015 smyth drive, #113valencia, ca 91355phone: +1 661 294 8088
find us on social
facebook
instagram
linkedin
© 2025 valley industry association – privacy policy – terms of use


home
about us

about
board of directors
ceo & chairman
committees


connecting to success

cts
history of cts
the program
opportunities
partners & sponsors
volunteer opportunities
donate
resources


events

event calendar
workforce development
via bash
ceo forum
cocktails & conversation
after five


luncheons
education foundation
via blog
directory
contact via
 





































































