


stripping the gurus













download
stripping the gurus pdf

































stripping the gurus:sex, violence, abuse and enlightenment*

			by geoffrey d. falk
			







also by geoffrey d. falk:

"norman einstein": the dis-integration of ken wilber 













				armed with wit, insight, and truly astonishing research, geoffrey falk utterly demolishes the
				notion of the enlightened guru who can lead devotees to nirvana. this entertaining and yet
				deadly serious book should be read by everyone pursuing or thinking of pursuing the path of
				guru devotion.
				
				—john horgan, author of rational mysticism



stripping the gurus is superb—one of the best books of its kind i have ever read.
				the research is meticulous, the writing engaging, and the overall thesis:
				devastatingly true. a stellar book.
				
				—dr. david c. lane, california state university
				


				this gripping and disturbing book should be read by anyone who finds themself revering a
				spiritual teacher.
				
				—susan blackmore, author of the meme machine



				geoffrey falk's delightful but disturbing unmasking of religious prophets and preachers
				who command a vast following is a welcome contribution to the literature on the gurus and
				god-men of all religions.
				
				—dr. narasingha p. sil, western oregon university
				


				no one involved in contemporary spirituality can afford to ignore this book. it exposes the
				darker side of modern spiritual movements, those embarrassing—sometime vicious or
				criminal—reports which the leaders of these movements prefer to hide. with wit
				and humility, and without abandoning the verities of religion, falk has provided a
				corrective critique of groups that peddle enlightenment and transcendence. a must!
				
				—len oakes, author of prophetic charisma



				ramakrishna was a homoerotic pedophile.
			

				his chief disciple, vivekananda, visited brothels in india.
			

				krishnamurti carried on an affair for over twenty years with the wife of a
				good friend. chögyam trungpa drank himself into an early grave. one of adi da's
				nine "wives" was a former playboy centerfold. bhagwan rajneesh
				sniffed laughing gas to get high. andrew cohen, guru and publisher of
				what is enlightenment? magazine, by his
				own reported admission sometimes feels "like a god."
			

				these are typical of the "wizened sages" to whom otherwise-sensible people give their
				devotion and unquestioning obedience, surrendering their independence, willpower,
				and life's savings in the hope of realizing for themselves the same "enlightenment"
				as they ascribe to the "perfect, god-realized" master.
			

				why?
			

				is it for being emotionally vulnerable and "brainwashed," as the "anti-cultists" assert?
				or for being "willingly psychologically seduced," as the apologists unsympathetically
				counter, confident that they themselves are "too smart" to ever fall into the same trap?
				or have devotees simply walked, with naïvely open hearts and thirsty souls, into
				inherent dynamics of power and obedience which have showed themselves
				in classic psychological studies from milgram to zimbardo, and to which each one of
				us is susceptible every day of our lives?
			

				like the proud "rude boy" cohen allegedly said, with a laugh, in response to the
				nervous breakdown of one of his devoted followers: "it could happen to any one of you."
			

				don't let it happen to you. don't get suckered in. be prepared. be informed.
				find out what reportedly goes on behind the scenes in even the best of our
				world's spiritual communities.
			

				you can start by reading this book.
			











contents




introduction

















			chapter
		







i


			speak no evil
		





ii


			a bit of a booby
		

			ramakrishna
		



iii


			the handsome duckling
		

			vivekananda
		



iv


			mother dearest
		

			aurobindo
		



v


			the krinsh
		

			jiddu krishnamurti
		



vi


zen in the art of sex and violence


			zen buddhism
		



vii


			sex, bliss, and rock 'n' roll
		

			satchidananda
		



viii


			the sixth beatle
		

			maharishi mahesh yogi
		



ix


been here, done that, what now?


			ram dass, etc.
		



x


			scorpion-man
		

			satya sai baba
		



xi


			even if it happened....
		

			swami rama
		



xii


			mo' chin-ups
		

			chinmoy
		



xiii


			thai surprise
		

			thai buddhism
		



xiv


			battlefield teegeeack
		

			scientology
		



xv


			werner's uncertainty principle
		

est/landmark/forum training




xvi


			cockroach yoga
		

			yogi bhajan
		



xvii


			a wild and crazy wisdom guy
		

			chögyam trungpa
		



xviii


			sixty minutes
		

			muktananda
		



xix


			the mango kid
		

bhagwan shree rajneesh




xx


			da avatar, da bomb, da bum
		

			adi da
		



xxi


			sometimes i feel like a god
		

			andrew cohen
		



xxii


			hello, dalai!
		

			the dalai lama
		



xxiii


			up the asana


			yogi amrit desai
		



xxiv


			sodomy and gomorrah
		

			roman catholic church
		



xxv


			of cabbages and nature sprites
		

			findhorn
		



xxvi


			... to a nunnery
		

paramahansa yogananda




xxvii


			gurus and prisoners
		





xxviii


			spiritual choices
		





xxix


			after the ordeal
		





xxx


			make it better
		










appendix i


			sam harris and "spirituality without religion"
		



appendix ii


			on ken wilber, ex-rabbi marc gafni, and integral blindness
		



appendix iii


			interview with geoff
		









essential online resources






bibliography






permissions






about the author














				trademarks: "tm" and "transcendental meditation" are service marks registered in
				the u.s. patent and trademark office, licensed to maharishi vedic education
				development corporation. "coke" is a registered trademark of the coca-cola company.
				"barbie" is a registered trademark of mattel, inc.
				"molly maid" is a trademark of molly maid international, inc.
				"spiral dynamics" is a registered trademark of the national values center, inc.
				"adobe" and "reader" are registered trademarks of adobe systems incorporated.
			

* the inclusion of any particular individual in stripping the gurus is not meant to
				suggest or imply that he or she represents him- or herself as a guru, nor is it
				meant to suggest or imply that he or she has indulged in sex, violence, the abuse
				of others, or any other illegal or immoral activities.
			


top























download
stripping the gurus pdf





















