










home









































fotofinish














                    home
                    
                  



                    services
                    
                      




services


resources


download app






                    pricing
                    
                  



                    training
                    
                      




admin user


on-site user






                    about us
                    
                      




about us


testimonials


contact


blog














                  register









                  log in





















fotofinish













                    home
                    
                  



                    services
                    
                      




services


resources


download app






                    pricing
                    
                  



                    training
                    
                      




admin user


on-site user






                    about us
                    
                      




about us


testimonials


contact


blog













                  register








                  log in






















focus on results




your smart photographic checklist













software solution focused on enhancing cleaning visibility and ensuring janitorial accountability, helping businesses maintain high standards of cleanliness and provide excellent service.









                    book a demo now



































reduce supervision costs




decrease the number of visits required and the associated labor and travel costs
























improve cleaning results




knowing that photos are being reviewed by supervisors drive the cleaning culture you want

















get consistency across all your sites




all the sites, stores or locations under your responsibility will now look up to standard









300% increase in client satisfaction





"janitors now perform as if an inspector will spot-check their work daily, which dramatically increases their accountability and, in turn, the cleanliness of our sites"









pricing




flexible scale-pricing




our plans scale with the number of sites being used. add as many users as you need with no extra cost. no credit card required for the 30-day free trial.













pro




$20




usd site/month










results dashboard













unlimited users













1-year photo archive













onboarding support













setup best practices







ideal for a small or medium size network of sites or facilities









                    start free trial








premium




$40




usd site/month










everything in pro













3-year photo archive













photo evaluations*













online training













implementation team







ideal for a large distributed networks of sites or facilities









                    start free trial







* evaluation included is limited to 1 shift












enterprise




contact us










everything in premium













volume pricing













unlimited time photo archive













full onboarding support













onsite and online training







ideal for multinational corporations with large distributed networks of sites or facilities









                    book a call






















simplify reporting




how it works













the janitor will save time and effort reporting their work by taking a representative subset of photos of your site that is different every day.









                    book a demo









































step 1













upon completion of their shift, the janitor opens the fotofinish app and selects the corresponding site













mandating photo evidence drives  increased performance by having janitors capture and display their work continuously





































step 2













he replicates a few randomly picked photos from each area that matters to you and your customers













randomly selecting which photos must be taken prevents "cherry-picking" where janitors purposely only capture pictures of clean areas





































step 3













after capturing the series of representative subset of photos, he clicks “finish” to submit his report













pulling prescribed pictures from a deep repository prevents the janitor from potentially anticipating what will be requested
















join our clients




powering +6,000 sites worldwide





join our clients in saving hundreds of hours per year on supervision and escalations.






















































testimonials




what our client's say































"i like being able to view a location everyday, without actually having to travel there or be there. fotofinish is great... gives you full visibility on all your sites, all the time!!"trevor l.territory manager

































"very positive user experience. i have been using the fotofinish app for the past 2-3 years, and it is a great tool to manage what is happening at our clients stores/branches."sandra s.franchise supervisor
















frequently asked questions









can i upgrade/downgrade anytime? 
yes, you can do it by going into settings and upgrading or cancelling your subscription.








what kind of business can benefit from fotofinish?fotofinish can benefit any business, regardless of industry. the app's interface allows users to gather photos of whatever is important to them and their customers, whether it be cleaning results, franchisee compliance, visual merchandising, or policy adherence.









can i use fotofinish to verify something in my sites that is not part of the cleaning process?yes, you can use fotofinish to validate whatever is important to you and your customers for example: health & safety board postings, signage, landscaping, vendor compliance, legal compliance requirements, instrument or equipment meter readings.








how do i pay for fotofinish?you pay through the fotofinish portal, we accept all credit cards and online payment methods.









what is included in a paid subscription?all subscriptions include the fotofinish dashboard, mobile apps, fotofinish app, manager (tickets) app, support and instructions. the dashboard is where you can add or edit sites, users or fotoflows and see fotofinish results. the fotofinish app is for on-site users to submit fotofinish reports. the manager app allows supervisors or managers to create on-site tickets.








what is a fotoflow?a virtual supervision flow which arranges in "slots" or groups multiple sample images in ideal conditions of your site. the app randomly picks one photo from each slot and asks the employee to replicate it after cleaning to show current conditions of the same location. this automates a daily changing report of representative site's photos. for example, if your fotoflow has 10 slots, the app would require the janitor to take 10 photos after cleaning.check out this animated video









what do i do if i have more than one shift per day?that’s easy!  you simply enter the number of shifts in the fotoflow and a task is generated for each shift.  you can even assign times and on-site users to each shift.








my cleaning contract includes some monthly tasks, can i set those up in fotofinish?absolutely!  fotofinish has several options available for periodic tasks such as weekly, monthly, quarterly, yearly.  you can choose the day of the week, week of the month or even have the task available within a designated timeframe.  you’ll find these options in fotoflows.









what is the fotofinish evaluation center?the fotofinish evaluation center is a dedicated site that receives fotofinish submissions for evaluation.  the evaluators have been fully trained for general photo evaluation and on each client’s specific standards and needs.








why would i want to have my fotofinish photos independently evaluated?having your fotofinish pictures evaluated by an independent team of evaluators reduces bias and most of all allows you and your management team to concentrate on your core business.












your properties deserve the best. partner with fotofinish today.










                    get started


























 fotofinish




software for multi-site operators that drives accountability through photo validation of work execution.




























company













homeservicespricingcontactabout usblog





legal













privacy policyterms of servicepatent pending technology






















copyright © 2020 modern cleaning concept lp. all rights reserved.













visitor information reporting

allow this website to collect visitor and device info for statistical purposes.
save changes
















view details



quantity

-

+




sold out















