








ireland: information, news, maps, history, genealogy, geography, government, culture, facts, tourist & travel guide
 
 
 
 
 































contact us








genealogy


tourist


culture


stories




history


news


downloads


gifts



 



genealogy & names




 your family crest
irish first names
		

 irish roots search
irish surnames
		









tourist information



free tourist attractions

pay-for tourist attractions

irish tourist faq

ireland travel guide



map of ireland
book of kells
newgrange
clonmacnoise
giant's causeway
rock of cashel
the gpo, dublin









culture & reference



reference data about ireland

irish wedding traditions

saint patrick

irish recipes



ireland maps
irish music
irish sayings & blessings
saint patrick's day traditions
irish halloween traditions
irish christmas traditions
irish childhood traditions
irish mythology









irish stories



the adventures of conan from tirdevlin

60 lyrical yarns by pat watson

flavour of ireland by brian devon

mattie lennon

michael collins

john b. mccabes

marie o'byrne




bram stoker
oscar wilde
g.b.shaw
jonathan swift
j.m.synge
liam o'flaherty
frank o'connor
brendan behan
james plunkett






 
 



irish history



brief history of ireland

easter 1916

the black irish

the irish famine



1798 rebellion
dermot, strongbow and the invasion of ireland
the titanic and ireland
the vikings in ireland
the ancient ogham language
padraig pearse
countess markievicz
saint patrick
saint brigid
robert emmet
kevin barry
michael collins
eamon devalera
sean lemass
daniel o'connell
charles stewart parnell
wolfe tone
brian boru
grace o'malley
james connolly
irish stamps 








news from ireland



irish news blog

the state of the irish nation 2017

the legacy of tk whitaker

side-effects of the same-sex marriage referendum



the irish in ww1
the poppy conundrum
irish seanad disgrace









free downloads



free photos of ireland

irish screensavers

free celtic fonts

free celtic clipart



ireland maps
free ebooks
history reports
ireland travel guide
irish stories
irish music lyrics
irish recipes









irish gift shop



categories
family crests
jewellery
flags
home decor
framed art
galway crystal
gifts you wont find anywhere else in the world!
heraldic clock
christening cup
marriage print
irish stamps art
lyrics plaques


occasions
wedding
christmas
baby
st. patrick's day
gifts for...
gifts for her
gifts for him
baby & kids







 
 
















free worldwide delivery! beautiful gifts from irishnation.com






   







ireland







free information about ireland
welcome to ireland. the information about ireland site has been providing essential, useful and entertaining information about ireland since 1998. we boast the world's longest running free ireland newsletter (be sure to sign up!) and are continually updating and adding more free resources for you to enjoy and use.
 



 

genealogy & names
 
 

 
 
searching for your irish roots? our resource page is a great place to start. find out about the origin of irish first names and surnames too.
 

 
 
 

tourist information
 
 

 
 
everything you wanted to know about visiting the emerald isle. grab our free ireland tourist guide. explore the most popular attractions.
 

 

 

culture & references
 
 

 
 
irish traditions, music, people, maps, reference data, irish recipes, saint patrick, irish blessings and sayings and much more.
 

 

 

free newsletter from ireland
 
 

 
 


first name:

email:

please tick this box:






 





please wait a moment...



 
 

 
 
 
 


irish stories
 
 

 
 
conan wondered how it had come to this...classic and modern stories from ireland. short stories and full length novels.
 

 
 
 
 


irish history
 
 

 
 
learn about irish history from st. patrick to strongbow. from brian boru to daniel o'connell. from the vikings to the easter rising.
 

 
 

 


news from ireland
 
 

 
 
get the latest news stories from ireland with all of the objective facts and subjective opinion you could want at our irish news blog.
 

 
 

 


irish gifts
 
 

 
 
fantastic family crests. gorgeous irish jewelry. wonderful gifts that are hand-crafted in ireland with free worldwide delivery.
 

 
 

 





irish music




listen to famous irish songs like danny boy and fields of athenry. grab the lyrics too!


 




fun & games




play hangman. do a quiz. complete an archetype test. free kids games.


 




irish mythology




learn about cuchulainn, scathach, balor and all of the characters of irish mythology.


 






free downloads




free downloads including celtic clipart, celtic fonts, irish screensavers, irish recipes and more.


 




ireland maps




free tourist maps, research maps, history maps of ireland.


 




learn irish language




ever wanted to learn irish? here are some gaelic phrases to start you off.


 







what is the weather like in ireland?
influenced by the atlantic ocean the weather in ireland is mild, wet and changeable. it is not too hot and not too cold. summer temperatures over 30 degrees celsius (86 degrees fahrenheit) are rare enough occurrences (perhaps once or twice a decade).
				
the average monthly temperature in ireland is: january (5 degrees c = 41 degrees f), february (5c = 41f), march (7c = 45f), april (8c = 46f), may (11c = 52f), june (14c = 56f), july (16c = 60f), august, (16c = 60f), september (14c = 56f), october (11c = 51f), november (8c = 48f), december (7c = 44f). it can rain at any time in ireland but prolonged periods of rainfall are uncommon. snow/severe frost are usually confined to december to february.
			
 



what is the capital city of ireland?
dublin is the capital city of ireland with a population of approximately 1.1 million, followed in terms of population by cork (198,582), limerick (91,454), galway (76,778) and waterford (51,519).
				
the population of ireland (in 2012) was 4.58 million in the republic with 1.8 million people in northern ireland. in 1841 prior to the great famine the population of ireland was nearly 7 million, falling to under 3 million by the 1960's.
			
 



can i get irish citizenship
if either of your parents were an irish citizen at the time of your birth then you do qualify for citizenship. if any of your grandparents were irish citizens then you qualify to be an irish citizen and claim an irish passport.
				
more distant relatives or ancestors, (including great-grandparents, cousins, aunt or uncle) do not qualify you to be a citizen of ireland. if you marry an irish citizen then you may be eligible to become a citizen. irish citizens are free to live and work in any other european union country without the need for a residence or work permit. 
			
 





when is the best time to visit ireland?
there is plenty to see and do in ireland at any time of the year, although the worst of the weather usually occurs from december to february. an examination of the average temperatures and rainfall in ireland can be misleading. march and november can produce more days, perfect for touring and outside of the main visitor months of may, june, july and august.
			
like most european countries summer offers the best of the weather and is also when most of the town festivals and events take place. however, with a little planning (and a little luck!) a visit in february, april or november could also provide an unforgettable experience in ireland.
			
 



what currency does ireland use?
ireland uses the euro currency throughout the 26 counties of the south, with the british pound (sterling) in use in 6 counties in ulster (counties down, derry, armagh, antrim, fermanagh and tyrone). 
				
other european countries that use the euro include france, germany, italy, portugal and spain. the irish pound (also known as the 'punt' in gaelic) was discontinued in 2002 when ireland joined the eurozone.
			
 



does ireland have states?
ireland does not have states but is divided into 4 provinces and then into 32 counties. the four provinces are ulster, munster, leinster and connaught.
			
the counties of leinster: carlow, dublin, kildare, kilkenny, laois, longford, louth, meath, offaly, westmeath, wexford, wicklow. the counties of munster: clare, cork, kerry, limerick, tipperary, waterford. the counties of ulster: armagh, antrim, down, derry, fermanagh, tyrone (in northern ireland) and donegal, cavan and monaghan in the republic. the counties of connaught: galway, leitrim, mayo, roscommon, sligo. 
			
 





 






 








































 

contact


go to contact form
tel: ++ 353 1 2893860(from usa dial 011-353-1-2893860)
ireland-information.com, 17 páirc ghrainbhil, carraig dubh,contae baile átha cliath, ireland
 

visitor information

about us
contact us
frequently asked questions

 

most popular irish gifts

family crest gifts
irish jewelry
flags

 





						the information about ireland site
						(c) copyright - irelandinformation.com, 1998-2017
						




 



 



 



 







 














 


