


















home depot canada credit card: log in or apply


















sign off
are you sure you want to sign off?


sign off
cancel









paperless terms & conditions


to enroll in paperless for this credit account, start by reading the terms and conditions below. by clicking authorize below, you are agreeing to receive your statements electronically only.
enrollment in credit card paperless statements
to receive your statements electronically, your computer must be capable of printing or storing email, web pages and documents in pdf format and your browser must meet minimum system requirements.
minimum system requirements
your privacy and security are important to us. that's why we require you to use a browser with 128-bit security encryption to proceed with your application. this protection helps to ensures that the information you send and receive will remain confidential.
getting paper copies
if you choose to receive statements electronically and then want a paper notice, call us at the number on the back of your card and we will mail it to you.


updating email address
we'll send notifications regarding the availability of your statement online until you contact us to change it. it is your responsibility to update promptly any changes in this information. if your email address changes, please update it in account online or call us at the number on the back of your card.credit card paperless statements authorizationi agree to receive my billing statements electronically as available. i understand that when i receive an electronic statement it will replace a paper copy.





paperless statements


to enroll in paperless for your account, start by reading the terms and conditions below. you are agreeing to receive your statements electronically only and some of your legal notices electronically only. enrollment in credit card paperless statements and other communications we send cardholders various types of legal notices, including notices of increases or decreases in credit lines, privacy notices, account updates and statements. currently, we can provide some of these legal notices, including statements, electronically. we are working towards being able to provide all of these legal notices electronically. when we are able to provide all legal notices electronically, we will notify you by email. in the meantime, if you choose to receive legal notices electronically, you will need to monitor both your u.s. postal mailbox and your email inbox for legal notices.minimum system requirementsto receive your legal notices electronically, your device must be capable of printing or storing email, web pages and documents in pdf format, and you must use a browser with at least 128-bit security encryption to enroll.getting paper copiesif you choose to receive legal notices and statements electronically and want a paper notice, call us at the number on your statement or the back of your card and we will mail it to you. cancelling paperless statements and other communications you may cancel by updating your settings on the paperless settings page of your account online or by calling us at the number on your statement or the back of your card.updating email addresswe will send notifications regarding the availability of your statement and legal notices online to the email address you provide to us until you contact us to change it. it is your responsibility to update promptly any changes in this information. if your email address changes, please update it through account online or call us at the number on your statement or the back of your card.credit card paperless statements and other communications authorizationi agree to receive my billing statements and other legal notices electronically as available. i understand that when i receive an electronic notice it will replace a paper copy. i also understand that i will need to check both my u.s. postal mailbox and email inbox for legal notices until you let me know by email that all legal notices will be sent electronically. if i later let you know that i wish to receive either my statements or other legal notices in paper form, these terms will not apply to those documents.you will receive paperless notifications at the email address currently associated with your account(s).





your session is about to time out
to protect your information, we will sign you out if you remain inactive. you will no longer be able to make purchases with this card.

stay active
sign off









can we help you today?










if you have experienced financial hardship as a result of covid-19, log in to send us a secure message by selecting the topic “covid-19 payment waiver request”

yes, please
no, thanks






are you sure you want to quit?

quit
cancel


















user id and password guidelines


for enhanced security, your password, user id and the security word you provided when you applied for your card should be different from each other.
user id guidelines
a unique user id helps safeguard your account and secure personal information.
user id requirements

must be 5 to 50 characters

user id restrictions

don’t use more than three consecutive or sequential digits (for example, 1111 or 1234) unless your user id is an email address.
don’t use your password or the security word you provided when you applied for your card as your user id.

password guidelines
a secure password is easy for you to remember, but difficult for others to guess. don’t share your password with anyone — ever.
            password requirements
your password must contain:

between 8-64 characters 
at least 1 number 
at least 1 uppercase letter 
at least 1 lowercase letter 
at least 1 special character or space: . ? ! { } - _ + % ^ @ [ ]

  note: passwords are case sensitive. 
password restrictions

don’t use your name or user id as your password. 
don’t use more than 2 consecutive identical characters, including spaces. 
don’t use existing or the last  6 passwords.

password tips

passwords are case sensitive.
choose a meaningful phrase with 6-8 words and numbers, and then include a special character. for example, “we bought our home 9 years ago!” can become “wboh9ya!”
insert two digits into a word. for example, “decem51ber?”
replace vowels or other letters in a short phrase with numbers or other characters. for example, “sh0rt3n!”
don’t use characters that are next to each other on the keyboard (for example, hjkl;).









null

      null
      



null






 














you are leaving a citi cards canada inc. website and going to {{:domainname}}.


that site may have a privacy policy and security that is different from this citi cards canada inc. website. citi cards canada inc. and its affiliates are not responsible for the products, services, and content on www.homedepot.ca.
do you want to continue to www.homedepot.ca?

continuecancel




email address policy


email policy at citi cards canada, we are dedicated to protecting your privacy. we want you to feel comfortable about giving us your email address. the following email policy was developed to help you understand how we use email and what your choices are.
how we use email when you give us your email address, you consent to citi cards canada inc. contacting you at this email address for the purposes of servicing your account and sending you information about products, services and promotions. we may then send you emails on a variety of subjects, such as:   general notices or important news about your account (rest assured your account number would never be included). updates on special deals and offers that might interest you. opportunities to provide feedback or complete online surveys, so you can tell us what you think. 
your choices
we believe you should be able to choose what kinds of information you receive from us. thus, if you'd like to refine the types of email messages you receive, or if you'd prefer to stop receiving email from us, please sign on to your account online and indicate your preference on your email profile. additionally, you can contact citi cards canada inc. at 5900 hurontario street, mississauga, ontario, l5r 0b8 and 1-800-747-3787.
important note: please keep in mind that if you withdraw consent, you will continue to receive messages that are necessary to provide the services and products you contracted for.
your privacy
in keeping with our corporate policy, our ultimate goal will always be to protect your privacy while giving you the highest level of service possible. that's why an explanation of our privacy practices is included wherever information is collected on the website.we invite you to review our privacy statement .


















welcome to your new online account.
welcome to your new online account.

introducing a whole new experience built to give you more control over your card and your time.
introducing a whole new experience built to give you more control over your card and your time.

get around faster in an intuitive, clutter-free environment.
log in from anywhere with a design optimized for any device.
manage your account your way with all the features you enjoyed before—and more.


take advantage of your new online account by managing your alert settings, downloading statements or enrolling in autopay.
take advantage of your new online account by managing your alert settings, downloading statements or enrolling in autopay and paperless.




note: if your browser has an ad blocker installed, you may want to turn it off now to enjoy the full site.


take the tour
no, thanks







of





site tour

site tour


next
back














skip to main content


weekly flyer | store finder | credit services | help & contact | profile | sign on | quit | sign off | 








mettre à jour vos préférences linguistiques
mettre à jour vos préférences linguistiques modifiera la langue par défaut du site.
la prochaine fois que vous vous connecterez, le contenu du site s'affichera en français.
si vous souhaitez que vos relevés et communications soient en français, visitez la page de profil.modifier vos préférences linguistiques



français

site map | 
privacylink opens in a new window | 
accessibilitylink opens in a new window | 
site termslink opens in a new window | 
homedepot.calink opens in a new window©   citi cards canada inc.




















