






home - the-mannings.com

























































skip to content











the-mannings.com





hand weaving
blog
about us
contact us
 





















the-mannings.com





toggle menu
























hand weaving
learn & understand the art





a good life is like weaving. energy is created in the tension. the struggle, the pull, and the tug are everything.


– joan erikson





what is hand weaving?


this is an art of using woven fabrics using hand techniques to make beautiful designs for your home or office.
creative art uses either perpendicular or interlocking methods to create unique and attractive designs.





by-products of hand weaving
handweaving is done using various materials, including textiles, yarns, and reeds. depending on the materials in use, you can weave any of the following items:

baskets
contemporary clothing
dolls
mats
carpets
interior décor items
socks
cardigans
ruttle seats

weaving is an art that creates various kinds of items. it makes a great hobby or profession.


why try hand weaving?
handweaving comes with several benefits that all promote physical and emotional health. here are a few of them

boosts your level of creativity and innovation
enhances productivity
helps to create a unique design
promotes physical movement, which supports physical health
advances your confidence levels
increases your self-esteem
ensure you have proper time management






about us – the mannings
old habits die hard. although there is a massive technological advancement in many sectors of the economy, some of the old customs still find relevance in the modern setting.
in this blog, our focus is hand weaving. we bring you the tradition and vintage tailoring designs using your hands.
just as the name suggests, we are a site that engages you to become a renowned hand-weaver.
we don’t leave it at that; we want to commercialize your talent. are you go in hand weaving? do you want to earn from your talent? if that is what defines you, this is a blog. in these sites, you get tips, guides, hacks, and even secrets to hand weaving.
we use people in the sector to provide unbiased information when it comes to matters of hand weaving.
old habits die hard. although there is a massive technological advancement in many sectors of the economy, some of the old customs still find relevance in the modern setting.
in this blog, our focus is hand weaving. we bring you the tradition and vintage tailoring designs using your hands.
just as the name suggests, we are a site that engages you to become a renowned handweaver.
we don’t live it at that; we want to commercialize your talent. are you go in hand weaving? do you want to earn from your talent? if that is what defines you, this is a blog. in these sites, you get tips, guides, hacks, and even secrets to hand weaving.
we use people in the sector to provide unbiased information when it comes to matters of hand weaving.







i do regard spinning and weaving as a necessary part of any national system of education.


– mahatma ghandi





 





blog 

helpful tips for rediscovering your creative spark 
bythe-mannings.com 
january 8, 2025january 20, 2025 



creativity isn’t just a talent; it’s a skill that shapes how we solve problems, connect ideas, and pursue success. when energy wanes and inspiration feels out of reach, it’s easy…





					read more helpful tips for rediscovering your creative sparkcontinue
 


 




 





blog 

from passion to paycheck: turning your hobby into a thriving business 
bythe-mannings.com 
september 4, 2024september 4, 2024 



turning a hobby into a business is a dream for many, offering the chance to do what you love while earning an income. however, achieving this transformation requires more than…





					read more from passion to paycheck: turning your hobby into a thriving businesscontinue
 


 




 





blog 

how hobbies can weave a healthier life 
bythe-mannings.com 
august 16, 2024august 17, 2024 



hobbies aren’t just temporary distractions; they’re important for our mental and physical health. they help reduce stress, boost mood, and contribute to overall well-being. by providing enjoyment and satisfaction, hobbies…





					read more how hobbies can weave a healthier lifecontinue
 


 





















subscribe to our newsletter
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *submit 
 





















contact us
terms and conditions
 















© 2025 the-mannings.com. website created by lessi.mt.
 























hand weaving
blog
about us
contact us
 























