























personalized cincinnati catering & venues | mchale’s catering & events





































  











skip to main content





 

summer 2025 wedding offer! click here for details!
















venues
events

weddings
corporate
social


menus
about

about us
our team
careers
vendor partners


blog
reviews
contact 












mchale’s events & catering
we deliver exceptional catering and remarkable venue experiences in the cincinnati and northern kentucky areas.






























the cincinnati club oak & grill ballroom










at mchale’s catering & events, we’re passionate about building community through meaningful events people love. 


venues made for you
when you are having a wedding celebration or social gathering at one of our  venues, it’s your blank space, and our on-site team is dedicated to creating an outstanding all-inclusive experience for your guests.


transparent pricing
surprises are nice—when they’re free! that’s why we’re one of the only caterers in the greater cincinnati area with upfront pricing. no hidden fees, charges or costs tacked onto your final bill.


creative & customizable menus
we’ve learned that the best catering menus offer a variety of delicious, affordable options. this doesn’t mean you’re locked into any menu. our acclaimed chefs can create any dish you have in mind!


personal event planner
having your own planner who provides expert tips, coordinates with vendors, schedules drop-offs and deliveries and handles the rest of the logistics certainly removes the stress that comes with planning a wedding or event of any size.


experienced hospitality providers
with over 50 years of providing exceptional service in the industry, we’ve become a company people trust. we take great pride in our team’s knowledge, expertise and ability to serve.


all the details
the little things matter. are the bathrooms clean and stocked? is there enough food for seconds? are table settings correct? we run through a thorough set of procedures before every event, ensuring every detail is met.


why mchale’s


personalized wedding  experiences
we collaborate with couples to create unique weddings with distinctive touches in an elegant space that feel as if it were made for them.
learn more












corporate events with purpose
along with our experience of collaborating with hundreds of corporate event planners in the area, our team will produce a successful event that’ll not only build meaningful relationships, but also great reputations.
learn more












exceptional venues for every event
we’re known throughout cincinnati and northern kentucky for our award-winning venues and partner venues. whether you want a feeling of opulence or intimacy, we have the perfect space for your important gathering.





the cincinnati club
gold ballroom






drees pavilion
reception 






the pinnacle ballroom
reception






the cincinnati club
oak & grill ballroom






the cincinnati club
harrison ballroom






the pinnacle ballroom
first dance






the cincinnati club
first dance






the pinnacle ballroom
ceremony







happy clients








i used mchale’s catering for our wedding, and we couldn’t be happier with how everything went. our coordinator, loren, was really great to work with and executed all our details for the day. everything went really smoothly, and we had so many comments on how amazing the food at our wedding was. the event staff was absolutely wonderful as well! they made sure we were taken care of throughout the entire night. would highly recommend!
via the knot

amy s. 




we used mchales catering for our event coordination, dinner, bar, and late night snack. they were amazingly organized and the staff was great. we’ve heard so many good compliments about how good the food was and they had a great setup for their tasting dinner as well. highly recommend!!
via the knot

lindsey h.




the whole mchales staff made us feel like a king and queen the whole night and we literally could not be more grateful for the ease they made us feel!
via email

liz i.

















create an event your guests will never forget.
tell us what you’re envisioning, and we’ll take care of the rest.
let’s collaborate


1622 dixie hwy, park hills, ky 41011
859.442.7776
info@mchalescatering.com



join our mailing list


email*

captchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. 















venues
events
menus
about
blog
staff
privacy
terms






 
			 @mchaleseventsandcatering 







happy valentine's day!!

cheers to love!

@matteri






#lovethecov

we’re highlighting the pinnacle tod


 





#tuesdaytips

still dreaming of your perfect 2025 


 





#thankfulthursday

come see what we can do for you


 


 







 

 

 

 

 




				© 2025 mchale's events and catering | 
								site by nuphoriq







































