



a very special wine boutique located in fort lauderdale, florida - wine watch


























  954-523-9463




 checkout
 cart
 
register


login



email:

password

log me in

i forgot my password











 







search

toggle dropdown


search in:
 
 products - all
 products - in stock
 entire site



 











									wine events
								



											wine events
										




												january events
											



												february events
											



												march events
											



												april events
											



												may events
											



												june events
											



												july events
											



												august events
											



												september events
											



												october events
											



												november events
											



												december events
											





									wine gift boxes
								



											wine gift boxes
										




												12 bottle boxes
											



												six bottle boxes
											



												three bottle boxes
											



												two bottle boxes
											



												collector selections
											





									wine shop
								



											wine shop
										




												austrian
											



												cabernet sauvignon
											



												portugese red
											



												loire valley reds
											



												merlot
											



												pinot noir
											



												zinfandel
											



												chardonnay
											



												pinot gris / grigio / blanc
											



												sauvignon blanc
											



												gamay / beaujolais
											



												dry rose
											



												other red
											



												greek wines
											



												eclectic white
											



												bordeaux
											



												syrah / shiraz
											



												red burgundy
											



												white burgundy
											



												spain
											



												alsace
											



												german
											



												rhone varietals / rhone
											



												piedmont
											



												oregon & washington
											



												amarone / valpolicella
											



												italian red - other
											



												olive oil
											



												italian whites
											



												sangiovese / tuscany
											



												chile & argentina
											



												champagne & sparkling wine
											



												dessert wine & port
											



												half bottle
											



												magnum
											



												3 liter
											



												sherry
											



												aperitif
											



												sake
											





									previous offers
								



									wine watch tv
								



									wine accessories
								



											wine accessories
										




												wine openers
											



												wine glasses
											



												wine bags
											



												books
											



												wine decanters
											



												wine accessories
											



												wine preservation
											



												storage fees
											



												cheese and charcuterie
											



												wine watch gear
											














a very special wine boutique






         





wine events
the 2025&nbsp;wine watch wine bar wine dinner series marks our 42th anniversary and will be another incredible season of wine tasting and once in a lifetime wine tasting dinners. in addition to experiencing our amazing schedule of events, you can reserve the wine bar or the wine cave for your corporate events, special occassions and private dinners. call us today to reserve your date.
 learn more 





wine gift boxes
the gift of a wine watch gift box is truly a reflection of your sophistication.  every wine chosen for the gift box program is selected for its overall quality and value: i taste thousands of wines at my desk during the year and travel the world to discover new selections as well. 

wine watch is the most unique wine boutique anywhere and the same is true of our gift box presentation.  each wine in our gift box program is accompanied by a winery profile.  the collection of winery profiles a... learn more 





wine shop
search our extensive collection of the best wines from all over the world!
 learn more 





previous offers
wines are rated within their class on a two to three point system with the ratings corresponding to certain thresholds in the now widely accepted 100-point scale... learn more 





wine watch tv
wine watch tv is an informative wine production highlighting the wines at the wine watch, in fort lauderdale. it is intended as a companion to wine watch email offers... learn more 





wine watch events
the 2025&nbsp;wine watch wine bar wine dinner series marks our 42th anniversary and will be another incredible season of wine tasting and once in a lifetime wine tasting dinners. in addition to experiencing our amazing schedule of events, you can reserve the wine bar or the wine cave for your corporate events, special occassions and private dinners. call us today to reserve your date.
 learn more 





wine watch events
the 2025&nbsp;wine watch wine bar wine dinner series marks our 42th anniversary and will be another incredible season of wine tasting and once in a lifetime wine tasting dinners. in addition to experiencing our amazing schedule of events, you can reserve the wine bar or the wine cave for your corporate events, special occassions and private dinners. call us today to reserve your date.
 learn more 





wine watch events
the 2025&nbsp;wine watch wine bar wine dinner series marks our 42th anniversary and will be another incredible season of wine tasting and once in a lifetime wine tasting dinners. in addition to experiencing our amazing schedule of events, you can reserve the wine bar or the wine cave for your corporate events, special occassions and private dinners. call us today to reserve your date.
 learn more 





wine watch events
the 2025&nbsp;wine watch wine bar wine dinner series marks our 42th anniversary and will be another incredible season of wine tasting and once in a lifetime wine tasting dinners. in addition to experiencing our amazing schedule of events, you can reserve the wine bar or the wine cave for your corporate events, special occassions and private dinners. call us today to reserve your date.
 learn more 






previous



next





previous offers





vintage champagne tasting back to 1985 including dom, cristal, krug and salon friday, march 7th 7:30pm


an artist is somebody who produces things that people don't  need to have.
  andy wa...
read full details  







big bottle happy hour b-day tasting thursday, march 6, 2025 – 6pm and all the big bottles in the store on sale 15% off


  
  
  “drink the good stuff first!”  - hey i said that!!
  
  ...
read full details  








wine gift boxes 



ultimate dinner party box #24e1ultimate dinner party box #24e1
price: $15,900.00

this is the box for those that want to experience the ultima... read more california cult box #24e2
the “cult” wines of california has continued their rise to fame as the top producers like the ones in this ... read more bordeaux treasures #24e3
bordeaux produces some of the longest lived wines in the world, here are six classics that will appreciate in qual... read more the best of italy #24e4italy produces more wine that any other country on earth when it comes to number of bottles, number of grape varietals and ther... read more stars of the southern hemisphere #24e5
after making two trips to australia, a trip to new zealand, argentina, chile and south africa- i can personally attest ... read more 









wine shop 



lucien albrecht rose cremant alsace nvthis is a methode champenoise style sparkling wine from alsace made with 100% pinot noir and one of the best values in the spar... read more nv bollinger special cuvee champagne brut(93 points)  bollinger’s nv special cuvée knocks it out of the park. made from 60% pinot noir, 25% chardonnay... read more nv charles heidsieck brut reserve champagneto the eye:  the brut réserve boasts a deep golden hue.  delicate, vivacious and long-lasting b... read more nv champagne delamotte brutgrapes :
pinot meunier : 10%
pinot noir : 35%
chardonnay : 55%

delamotte brut i... read more champagne duval leroy brut reserve nvit is in this product that one can feel the unique power and character which marks out a top-of-the... read more nv lanson le black label brut champagne, franceestablished in 1760, they are the 5th oldest, partly owned by bruno paillard, philipponat are part of the group and this is a n... read more nv veuve cliquot demi sec champagneno fewer than 50 individual wines make up this cuvée. the traditional proportions for demi sec are: 40 to 45% pinot noir... read more nv schramsberg mirabelle blanc de blancs brut sparklingmirabelle is schramsberg’s multi-vintage brut sparkling wine. twenty-five years into building an outstanding range of vin... read more nv perrier jouet grand brut champagne(91 points) this is lacy in texture, featuring a firm frame of acidity and a smoke-tinged underpinning. offers flavors of poach... read more nv pierre peters cuvee de reserve blanc de blancs champagne brutnv pierre peters cuvee de reserve champagne brut

 
... read more nv pommery brut royal champagnethis fine champagne is a blend of 40 carefully selected crus from the champagne region. it is made up of three grape varieties:... read more nv veuve clicquot yellow label brut champagnethe "yellow label", which is actually orange is one of the most popular champagnes in the world today. the fruit forw... read more nv heidsieck co monopole blue top brut champagnelight yellow color, with green highlights. the nose is strong and generous, slightly woody and spicy, characterized by an aroma... read more nv billecart salmon blanc de blancs brut champagne grand cruthis chardonnay cuvee has been elaborated from the five grand cru vineyards of the cote des blancs: avise, chouilly, cramant, m... read more 2008 billecart salmon cuvee nicolas francois brut champagne magnum 1.5 liter(97 points) a blend of fruit from mainly grand cru vineyards, this beautiful champagne is now fully mature. with toasty charact... read more 









wine accessories 



pulltaps double-hinged waiters corkscrew (burgundy)this handy little opener is the most practical and one of the easiest to use. it features a teflon coated screw and a serrated ... read more original cork pops openeryou couldn't ask for an easier way to open a wine bottle. the slender needle glides effortlessly through the cork and with ... read more cork pops opener (co2 refills - 2pck)this is a 2 pack of co2 refill cartridges for the cork pops opener.
... read more cork pops legacysqueeze the bottom and use the built-in foilcutter! it comes packaged with one cartridge which will open between 60-80 bottles ... read more riedel sommelier vintage champagne glass 4000/28champagne is the most northerly wine-growing region of france. its chalky soil and unique climate both contribute to the natura... read more riedel vinum burgundy / pinot noir 416/7the vinum burgundy glass is excellent for full-bodied red wines (more than 12.5 percent alcohol) with high acidity and moderate... read more riedel vinum champagne glass 416/8experience the concentrated, fresh aromas and creamy textures of champagne. 8 1/8-oz. bowl, 8 5/8 in. tall. developed by georg ... read more riedel vinum: sauvignon blanc 416/33these riedel vinum sauvignon-blanc glasses, an integral part of the ever-popular vinum collection, were designed to enhance the... read more riedel vinum: chablis / chardonnay 416/5these vinum chardonnay glasses are made of 24-percent lead crystal by riedel, renowned glassmakers in europe. wine connoisseurs... read more riedel vinum extreme: chardonnay 444/97recommended for: chardonnay

*** only available for pick-up in person, not avaible for shipping***
... read more riedel vinum extreme: champagne glass 444/8the riedel vinum extreme wine glass series pushes the boundaries of glassware. riedel combines a dazzling oversized bowl with a... read more riedel vinum cognac glass 416/18renowned austrian glassmaker riedel designs the shape of each glass to most fully enhance the appreciation of the wine within. ... read more riedel vinum montrachet / chardonnay 6416/97large bowl is designed to open a wine's full bouquet without over-concentration. perfect for whites. set of two.
... read more riedel vinum grappa 6416/70introduced in 1986, vinum was the first machine-made series of glasses in history to be based exclusively on the characteristic... read more vinum extreme pinot noir 444/9riedel vinum extreme pinot noir glasses are designed specifically for full-bodied red wines with high acidity and moderate tann... read more 






















departments


wine events


wine gift boxes


wine shop


previous offers


wine watch tv


wine accessories

 





about

organization
location
shipping








location

wine watch, inc.


 837 ne 3rd avenue
  

fort lauderdale
  ,
  
florida
  
33304
  

t:
954-523-9463
 
f: 954-523-9213

 





store hours
10:30am - 7:30pm monday - saturday
11:00am - 6pm -sunday
wine watch is closed on these holidays

new years day
super bowl sunday
easter sunday
memorial day
july 4th
labor day
thanksgiving day
christmas day





















 





copyright 2025 ©
				wine watch, inc., all rights reserved.
cognizable-knowledgeable













