


micrographia: a light microscopy resource: home page and site directory.




























micrographia is for those who use microscopes in their investigations of the world around them.

it is for students and teachers of (especially) fresh water biology in their search for creature identification and illustrative material, for both amateur and professional light microscopists seeking to extend the performance of their instruments and to record the images they produce ..... and for anyone at all who feels like a browse through a minutely detailed world of small animals, small plants, and small things.

this website was created by john c walsh, who died on 18th november 2012.  it is maintained by his friends in order that john's thoughts and micrographs may continue to be seen by anyone who shares his fascination with the world of very small things.  requests for use of john's images will be dealt with by his estate, which may be contacted via the email links in this site.









home


editorial


articles


specimen galleries


tutorials


projects


archive


suppliers


links















   this facility searches only micrographia pages.









micrographia site directory.






home page.



links to all sections of the site.


	faqs and policy regarding image sales, image fidelity, copyright, privacy, site aims and objectives.


	contact webmaster.


	contact image sales.




the home button on the navigation bar at the top of each
page will return you here -- you can then access any area of
the site from the links in this directory. other buttons on the
bar will take you directly to the main site areas.

an email link is provided at the bottom of each page for comments and enquiries.





 
new material.


  
last updated 04/08/2005.



new vinyl microscopy page: 
stylus tracking and test records.




  
two green bullets indicate the most recently uploaded material.


  a blue bullet indicates a link to an external website which will open in a new browser window. quitting the window will return you instantly to micrographia.








feature picture.







a galaxy of oil-exuding airborne particles which have settled on an exposed microscope eyepiece -- and an unexpectedly interesting exercise in image interpretation for the microscopist.







editorial and comment.



micrographia site news, recent and current events in
science and microbiology, plus anything else deemed relevant.







articles.



   the ideal köhler illuminator.
  
the white led as light source.

  field videomicrography with low cost equipment.


  photomicrography using electronic flash


  the msc camera. enhanced depth of field for the light microscope.
contributor's articles.
from various sources.




a considered selection of articles, culled from various
sources, most likely to be of interest to users of the microscope in particular, and to those curious about life on earth in general.







specimen gallery directory.







  freshwater biology specimens.
other specimens (in preparation).







 





the specimen galleries are a major part of the site. 
the directory groups biological specimens according to physical features and habitat, and non-biological specimens by subject. 
intended for those needing to identify creatures and objects seen under the microscope, as well as for the casual browser.







tutorials.  directory.



 using the microscope.





 basic tutorial.



	brightfield.
	introduction to köhler illumination.

microscopy with minimal equipment.




	 advanced tutorials.


brightfield.

darkfield.

phase contrast.

incident illumination.

measurement with the microscope.



basic instruction on using köhler illumination with a laboratory grade microscope. gives practical advice as well as a brief account of the theory of image formation.
preparatory reading for those interested in the advanced tutorials.



advanced tutorials.
detailed accounts of the principal imaging and illumination systems of the light microscope, with practical instruction.
(all still in preparation).








projects and applications.





  photographing blood-feeding mosquitoes.


  photographing web-building spiders using electronic flash.


  the microscopy of vinyl records.



in preparation:


the microscopy of inkjet printing.
videoing dustmites.
photographing insects in amber.
videoing the growth of silver crystals.
filming ovipositing wasps.



this section deals with the application of the light microscope to
particular tasks, and the ways in which standard microscope components (and special items as required) can be combined to image particular specimens.



also covered are the associated problems of specimen manipulation.








archive.



past micrographia articles.
past contributor's articles.
correspondence.


    reference sources.




an indexed listing of past articles on all subjects, including those from contributing authors. details on books and other reference sources used by micrographia.







suppliers.



microscope sales, suppliers of related materials.







links to related web sites.



a tried and tested collection of web sites rewarding to microscopists and all aficionados of the miniscule.






logo animation:   particles of debris caught in the
feeding current generated by this sessile ciliate (possibly rhabdostyla spp) have been loosely
compacted into a ball which will rotate as long as the organism continues
to feed. 
the original sequence was shot on kodachrome 16mm film using synchronized electronic flash, which has rendered the action of the cilia sharply in each frame. (x 200).












