








home - martindale feed mill













































call toll-free:800.366.9584homeproductsbeef cattle feeddairy cattle feedhorse feeddeer & gamesheep & goatrabbit feedpoultry & bird feedpet & fish feedshow feedswine feedmineral, blocks, & tubsmfm grain specspro show awardswinner’s circlebecome a pro show winnerfind a dealernewstrusted linksliteraturecontact




searchsubmitclear 







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 









welcome to martindale feed mill“the quality standard since 1962”
martindale feed mill is a full line feed mill based in valley view, texas, that serves the north texas and oklahoma area with quality feed products for your cattle, livestock and horses. known for our quality premium feeds and cattle cubes, you can trust martindale feed mill for top quality feed for farmers and ranchers.
established in 1962 and now a division of alan ritchey, inc., martindale feed mill has been family owned since day one. martindale feed mill manufactures a broad range of animal and livestock feeds that are available sacked or in bulk. martindale feed mill serves a wide range of producers in the livestock industry in north texas to provide horse feed, cattle feed, cattle cubes, dairy feed, sheep and goat feed, show cattle feed, and deer and wildlife feed.
martindale feed mill has developed several brands that have influenced the livestock industry for years. these brands include the mfm pro show™ line of show feeds for beef cattle, swine, goats, and sheep, performer’s choice™ and xl™ horse feeds, the mfm game pro™ line of wildlife feeds,  kennel pro™ line of pet and fish food, and pasture max™ line of beef cattle feed . we also provide customized bulk feed programs for dairymen and ranchers. whether you are feeding beef or dairy cattle, horses, swine, sheep, goats, poultry, rabbits, or wild game, martindale feed mill has a feed that will meet your needs.
martindale feed mill feeds are available at a wide network of dealers in texas and oklahoma. to learn more about martindale feed mill feeds visit a dealer near you.featured productsbeef cattle feeddairy cattle feedhorse feedshow animal feedsheep & goat feeddeer & game feedswine feedrabbit feedpoultry & other bird feedfind a dealerenter your zip code to locate the mfm dealer closest to you!pro show™ awardsfind out if you qualify for our proshow™ awards program.ask our nutritionalistsubmit a question to our nutritionist or feed experts.the quality standard since 1962”




martindale feed mill500 s. interstate 35
valley view, tx 76272-9714
toll free: 800.366.9584
local: 940.726.3203
fax: 940.726.5235dealer portaldealer portalcopyright © 2024 martindale feed mill. all rights reserved. website development by ranch house designs. legal disclaimer

homeproductsbeef cattle feeddairy cattle feedhorse feeddeer & gamesheep & goatrabbit feedpoultry & bird feedpet & fish feedshow feedswine feedmineral, blocks, & tubsmfm grain specspro show awardswinner’s circlebecome a pro show winnerfind a dealernewstrusted linksliteraturecontact
 
 














