








message from the department head | department of neurology





















skip to main content





 











 
 










 





home
events
staff
contact us
 









 




college of medicine
give now


 
 







abouteducationclerkshipresidency programfellowshipsfacultyfaculty linksresearchclinical trialsspecialized research programscore research facilityclinical servicesinpatient facilitiesoutpatient clinicssubspecialtiessupport us 

 















  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 

 
 





message from the department head





welcome message from the chairman

it is my pleasure to welcome you to the department of neurology at the university of arizona college of medicine! the 21st century promises to revolutionize our understanding of the brain, leading to novel approaches to diagnose, treat and prevent neurologic diseases. there is now hope for patients with neurological disorders that not long ago were thought incurable. thus, it is a great time to be in neurology!
our department is part of the university of arizona college of medicine and the banner university medical center (bumc) - one of the largest tertiary care academic medical centers in the southwest. our department provides a friendly, vibrant, and collaborative environment that allows our faculty and trainees to pursue excellence in all their endeavors. the department of neurology is composed of over 30 full time teaching and research faculty along with numerous part-time clinical faculty members. our mission is to provide excellence in patient care, education, research, service and healthcare delivery for the people of arizona and beyond.

dedrick jordan, md, phd, mba
	professor and head, neurology
read more
 
 



 
 






upcoming events



no events scheduled at this time. 


    see all events  

 

 
 









the university of arizona department of neurology
	1501 n campbell avenue
	tucson, az 85724-5023


 





college of medicine - tucson





all rights reserved. the university of arizona is
	an eeo/aa - m/w/d/v employer.
	privacy policy & legal disclaimers | feedback | admin login


 





university privacy statement
	© 2021 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.


 
 
  

