










home - la habra area chamber of commerce
























































  

















skip to content














 
contact usmember loginonline payment center









charitable corporation












la habra citrus fair





























































menu 
business directoryabout membership about us benefits and levels of membership membership application board of directors online payment center hot deals job postings score business resourceevents events calendar events list la habra citrus fair la habra lions corn festivalvisiting dining children’s museum recreation la habra historical museum performing arts local weathercity links city of la habra life in la habra magazine la habra demographics la habra journal area map la habra community collaborative photo gallery








 















 


read more


 


 


read more


 


 


read more


 


 


read more


 






























welcome to the la habra area chamber of commerce!







to build a strong local economy


la habra is located between the hills of northwest orange county, california. la habra, a vibrant and diversified community, is recognized for its children’s museum, citrus fair, corn festival, tamale festival, friendship train whistle, and fine youth sports programs. you will find la habra's uniqueness in its residents and business owners...a caring community.


















					join				








					directory				








					events				








					hot deals				








					jobs				








					donate				






















mark your calendar










view all events



































learn more
















 
membership benefits 
ultimately membership is about increasing your sales and experiencing team support. we want to make sure you meet others that understand what it is like to own your own business.
learn more 














 
la habra citrus fair 
date: may 3, 4, and 5, 2024
the la habra citrus fair is back for its 14th year of family fun.
the la habra chamber of commerce, the host of the la habra citrus fair, is pleased to announce the fair will be on may 3, 4, and 5, 2024.
presale discounted digital ride tickets (wristbands) are sold online!
 
 
 
 
learn more 












 
chamber business alliance 
the chamber business alliance (cba) is a group of 6 chambers that have agreed to welcome members from other cba chambers to attend selected events displaying the cba welcome logo. we believe all will benefit by cooperating with one another and welcoming business-minded people. it’s good for business! currently, we have brea, yorba linda, placentia, la mirada, la habra and artesia chambers participating with a 2,800 combined membership.
 










new members














become a member









la habra area chamber of commerce
















































                                cr&r                            














                                kaiser                            














                                pih health                            














                                stw                            














                                rancho                            













                                mr. alberts mexican food                            


































central drugs | st. jude medical center 
la habra convalescent hospital | 7-eleven | vcc the gary center
credit union of southern california | northgate markets
grocery outlet bargain markets | american first credit union
| ufc gym la mirada | costco | cafe el cholo | howard's | 









 












© 2025 la habra area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












building business. building community.




















la habra area chamber of commerce













321 e la habra blvd  la habra, ca 90631 














(562) 697-1704 














info@lahabrachamber.com 










































 © 

 la habra area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 

















