




ohio ambulance and medical transportation association – oamta







































skip to content










homeforum



search this website









menu
close





home
forum





 















ohio ambulance and medical transportation association 











about 



the ohio ambulance and medical transportation association represents and advocates for ems and medical transportation providers of ohio and whose broad base of membership includes private and public entities, hospital-based, wheelchair and air medical transportation providers. the oamta is organized to promote quality medical transportation providing value to members while disseminating information pertaining to the industry in order to achieve long-term success of members. 











association updates 



oamta wins historic medicaid reimbursement rate increaseimplementation date january 1, 2024 







we are pleased to share the officially filed odm rate package for transportation services that make up an unprecedented total increase of $129.9m in each fiscal year. this is an 83% increase in funding for transportation codes annually. 



 







with odm’s october rule filing, these rates are on track for a january 1st implementation. we are extremely grateful to the department of medicaid and the dewine husted administration who have been incredibly supportive throughout the legislative process necessary to win this historic increase and wonderfully collaborative and seeking our association’s input in the formulation of the actual rates.  thank you also to representative jay edwards of athens and state senator matt dolan of cleveland for their leadership in guiding this increase through the state’s biennial budget.  finally, thanks to all of you who spent time advocating and weighing in throughout this process.   







in the media 







columbus dispatch: covid exacerbates the need for workers in emergency medical services 



psychiatric calls are up, the “great resignation” is at play and staffing shortages across private ems in ohio have skyrocketed. in fact, almost a third of the industry has left, said darin robinaugh, head of the ohio ambulance and medical transportation association. when carver started at courtesy eight years ago, there were eight to 10 people taking around 100 calls a day. these days, two to four people manage 30 to 50 calls a day, he said. private ems takes patients to and from nursing homes and medical appointments in addition to body removals, while public ems works with fire departments and 911 calls. view the story here. 







canton repository: ohio ems infrastructure at risk of collapsing 



we are forced to ask so much of our emts and paramedics who have selflessly chosen to stay. we ask them to pick up extra shifts when the pay doesn’t reflect their work. we want to rightfully reward our workforce for whom we are most grateful with the pay they deserve. we want to hire more people so that the hours of work are equally balanced. but we are unable to address our fleeing labor shortage when ohio ems is reimbursed at medicaid rates that fall in the bottom 15% of those in the nation. ohio’s medicaid reimbursement is far below the cost of life-saving care and is the lowest among our neighboring states. view the story here. 











wosu: plight of the private ambulance industry  



the pandemic has exacerbated the strain our industry’s workforce. even before the covid, the ems industry faced worsening retention rates and was stretching an already fragile workforce. the last 2 years of this state of emergency has exacerbated the ems workforce crisis, and it is harder now more than ever to hire and retain employees. wosu news recently released a feature on private ambulance staffing shortages.  we hope that public awareness will strengthen our advocacy for long term legislative and regulatory solutions for ambulance services. view the story here. 







whio: ‘great resignation,’ pandemic impacting private ambulance companies in miami valley 



private ambulance companies are among a growing list of industries struggling as a result of the “great resignation” and the covid-19 pandemic. on friday integrity ambulance closed its doors after decades in business. now that leaves spirit medical transport as the only private ambulance company over a large portion of western ohio. low pay, long shifts and an increased workload all contribute to why companies are struggling. view the story here. 















executive officers 







darin robinaugh 



presidentrobinaugh emsbellefontaine, ohio 







dean martens 



vice presidentdonald martens and sonsbrooklyn, ohio 







julie rose 



secretary/treasurersuperior ambulanceashtabula, ohio 







dave viola 



executive directorminerva, ohio 















board of directors 







tom allenstein 



medflightcolumbus, ohio 







brian hathaway 



spirit medical transportgreenville, ohio 











kenneth j. joseph 



emt ambulancenorth canton, ohio 







kent appelhans 



hanco emsfindlay, ohio 











eileen scarrett-dudgeon 



courtesy ambulance
newark, ohio 







chris brook 



community care ambulanceashtabula, ohio 











todd whitaker 



amerimed
cincinnati, ohio 



















committee chairs 







brian hathaway 



education committee 







julie rose 



finance committee 











dean martens 



government affairs committee 







darin robinaugh 



membership committee 











eileen scarrett-dudgeon 



reimbursement committee 



















upcoming events 










2024 annual conference

ohio ambulance and medical transportation association annual meeting and reimbursement conference
presentations including happenings through the eyes of the ems attorney, insights for ems: changing landscape in medicare advantage plans, burnout in ems: recognizing and addressing it before it’s too late, federal legislative and regulatory update, risk management from a billing perspective, employment issues around ohio’s recreational marijuana, ultimate coaching: developing a highly engaged workforce
featuring brian werfel from werfel & werfel, maria bianchi and katie arens from aaa, dr. emily kraft from reid health, chris cebollero from cebollero & associates, david kaufman from calfee halter and griswold

september 19th (full day) and 20th  (half day), 2024 at the nationwide hotel and conference center in lewis center, ohio just north of downtown columbus.
early bird registration through september 9th
contact for registration and sponsorship information: dave viola, executive director 330-205-2600
nationwide hotel and conference center100 green meadow drive lewis center, oh 43035
reservations: must be made by september 1st, room rates are $162.00 per night
reserve here.
phone number: 614-880-4300 or 1-866-233-9393. it is imperative to note your group affiliation of the ohio ambulance and medical transportation association for phone reservations
















 





 









 









 

















 









 









 












contact us 







dave viola, executive directordaveviola@bartleyems.com330.205.2600 







oamta
po box 3026
n. canton, ohio 44720 








please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *dropdown *membershipvendor opportunitiesothercomment or message *submit  


























				copyright ohio ambulance and medical transport association. built by bitops, llc.			








































