





 
















3. physikalisches institut | university of stuttgart



























for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript. here are the instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser.




jump to content
jump to footer

















3. physikalisches institut




university of stuttgart 
faculty 08



language of this page

en



search




main navigation









search





suche






















back

















institute
team
research
teaching
news
highlights
publications
events


institute
contact 


research
quantum information processing  
quantum sensing  
magnetooptics
nanoparticle photonics
open positions






close navigation




























 


 


















highlight: nanoscale mapping of magnetic auto-oscillation with a single spin sensor
in this work, magnetic auto-oscillations in a spin hall nano-oscillator were mapped with a nitrogen-vacancy center single spin sensor in a diamond tip.
[image: © toni hache]






















soko stuttgart
soko stuttgart: a strange emergency call arrives at the headquarter: ai entrepreneur danny nolte lies dead in the smart home control room of his apartment. the right case for inspector and tech nerd rico sander. the zaquant at the university of stuttgart was one of the filming locations.
[image: © zdf]






















future cluster qsens starts the second round of funding
in the “cluster4future” qsens of the universities of stuttgart and ulm, scientists, companies and start-ups are researching quantum sensors with a wide range of potential applications. the federal ministry of education and research is funding qsens for a further three years as part of “clusters4future”.
[image: © qsens]






















highlight: scalable production of ultraflat and ultraflexible diamond membrane
in this work we demonstrate that edge-exposed exfoliation using sticky tape is a simple, scalable and reliable method for producing ultrathin and transferable polycrystalline diamond membranes.
[image: © nature]






















the area of stuttgart is the most innovative region in germany!
günther oettinger, former european commissioner for digital economy and society, and dr. frank nopper, mayor of the state capital stuttgart, visits the zaquant.
[image: © stephan hirschmann]






















institute: science and teaching at the institute comprises solid state quantum optics and spintronics with applications in modern microscopy and metrology applications























research: solid state quantum technologies

[image: © w. scheible]













1
2
3
4















science and teaching at the institute comprises solid state quantum optics and spintronics with applications in modern microscopy and metrology applications in e.g. biophysics. common to all experimental approaches is the use of photons as central tool. besides set-ups in the field of optics and spin control facilities at the institute comprise synthesis, implantation and structuring of carbon materials, protein purification and cell culturing.


 






 

























new highlight




nanoscale mapping of magnetic auto-oscillation with a single spin sensor



highlights of the institute


 





 


























upcoming events

















phd- / postdoctoral- / open positions

































master- / bachelorthesis 

















homepage of the faculty

















news 



















quantum repeaters for secure communication


news
1/30/25






















future cluster qsens starts the second round of funding!


news
11/30/24



photo: qsens



















honors: "highly cited researchers"


news
11/22/24








all news


















institute


																					3. physikalisches institut is internationally renowned for its research in the field of spin-based …








team


																					we are teamed up with highly enthusiastic researchers and highly efficient administrative staff.








research


																					building upon the research activities from ph.d., master, bachelor students and post-doctoral …








teaching


																					teaching comprises both experimental and theoretical courses on core subjects and on advanced topics …








news


																					updating our recent achievements and future steps.








highlights


																					what is recent breakthrough in research at pi3 ? find out here.








publications


																					walking you through years of research progress at pi3.








events


																					at pi3 we are well updated with cutting edge research activites through leading experts invited for …



 




 






















diamond materials for quantum application
23. september 2014: the dfg research group for 1493 “diamond materials and quantum applications” goes into its second funding period. for1493 is a national research consortium funded by the deutsche forsch-ungsgemeinschaft.


 























european research councilestablished by the european commission
supporting top researchers from anywhere in the world.
 


 










contact














																		jörg wrachtrup
prof. dr.

head of department







profile page







+49 711 685 65278







																			write e-mail



[image: david ausserhofer]

















																		claudia weller
 

office







profile page







+49 711 685 65277







																			write e-mail




















 

															address:

															pfaffenwaldring 57, 70569 stuttgart







further information







+49 711 685 65277







																		write e-mail


































icon: facebookfacebook
icon: instagraminstagram
icon: blueskybluesky
icon: mastodonmastodon
icon: youtubeyoutube
icon: linkedinlinkedin
icon: usus-blogusus-blog









audience


students


employees


alumni and supporters


industry








formalities


legal notice


privacy notice


accessibility


certificates








services


contact


press


jobs


apply for a doctorate or postdoc


uni-shop








organization


faculties and institutes


facilities


central administration












to the top of the page







