













bbq dry rubs for barbecue and grilling. specialty and regional dry rubs and seasoning blends. unique gift baskets and gift sets. 



















 

 






 

 



 dry rubs for bbq and grilling
            regional & specialty seasonings
bbq gift baskets & gift sets
























 
specials






 
home






 
buy dry rub seasonings here






 
 gift baskets






 
spice co. stuff






 
testimonials






 
dry 
                  rub catalog






 
knox who?






 
contact & co. info






 
buy 
                  locally






 
q&a 
                  / faq 






 
dry 
                  rub recipes






 
bbq 
                  & grilling tips



 



  




 

 







 
"...favorite 
                            commercial rub, hands-down, 
                            is knox's spice company 
                            chipotle bbq dry rub"
dave dewitt, fiery foods and bbq magazine 
"my 
                            personal recommendations are knox's  dry rub..."
 chicago sun times





 









dry rub & specialty seasonings.  
                                bbq gift baskets & gift sets.
knox's spice co. offers quality crafted  all natural seasoning blends for grilling and bbq that deliver big flavor. use them as a dry rub meat seasoning or finishing seasoning. each is excellent on beef, pork and chicken. gift baskets and gift sets are availbale for christmas, birthdays, going away, welcome back or any day  for that special someone. knox's spice co's   bbq rubs and seasonings are created to be full flavored from natural full bodied ingredients. enjoy! 
                                
our dry rub seasonings are  traditional regional favorites and one specifically for chicken (because we love chicken). chipotle bbq dry rub combines smoky and sweet with a touch of spicy. our jamaican jerk is traditional island flavors, exotic and fragrant. the cracked pepper dry rub seasoning is fashioned after south american charrasco, with cracked black pepper for beef lovers and our yummy chicken seasoning is, well, yummy on chicken. try all four and receive a discount, see below. find recipes with other uses in our recipe section. fire up the grill and make great bbq easy!







                            chipotle bbq
$5.75




















                            jamaican jerk
$5.75




















                                yummy chicken
$5.75




















                                cracked pepper
$5.75
























special: order all four knox's spice co.'s bbq dry rubs (chipotle bbq, jamaican jerk, cracked pepper and yummy chicken dry rubs).



knox's spice co.
                seasoning set $20.00 



















 

                                regional and specialty seasonings
all natural gourmet regional seasoning blends that represent the best flavors from some of the most flavorful regions of the world. seasoning blends created for people who enjoy exotic flavors. also available in a gift box.





                             
                                festive 
                              carib-b-q caribbean stye seasoning
                              $4.95
                              
                              
                              




















                           
                              sabroso, mexican style seasoning
                              $4.95 



















 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            kabob,
                            middle eastern
                            market style seasoning
                            $4.95                            













 






                            
                              
                          
                              
                                tasty treat 
                              fruit seasoning
                              $4.95
                              
                              
                              
                             
                              
                              
























special: order all four knox bro's regional specialty seasonings (carib-b-q, sabroso, kabob and fruit seasoning)  tasty!



knox bro's.
                seasoning set $17.00 























bbq     gift baskets
we have a variety of unique  bbq gift baskets and gift sets which include our all natural dry rubs and regional specialty  seasonings for the person who has everything. give the gift of flavor with tasty bbq and grilling seasonings for the individual who enjoys specialty ingredients for cooking, from bbq to gourmet affair.  the perfect gift for the bbq fanatic and gourmand. for that someone special, who deserve the best.  our gift section contains baskets that are excellent house warming gift as well. see our line of unique gift baskets by clicking here or the images below.








 


vintage style posters
                          
                          created for the love of early american poster advertising. originally created for our retailers, now available while supplies last. we had such a response we made some more and now they are available on our site. great gift for the enthusiast or collector. more>



 


 


 
 








 
gift giving events
christmas is friday december 25th, 2020
mother's day is may 10th, 2020
father's day is june 21st, 2020




 







 














 



gift baskets 
spice of life gift basket 
grilling gift crate 
stocking stuffers 
cedar grilling planks gift 
knox bro's brand gift box
bbq 
                seasoning 
                gifts

fathers 
                day 
                gifts
mothers day gifts

bbq gift sets
bbq gift baskets


gift basket for man
our seasonings & gift sets
chipotle bbq dry rub seasoning

jamaican jerk dry rub seasoning

cracked pepper dry rub seasoning

yummy chicken dry rub seasoning

knox bro's. kabob seasoning
knox bro's. carib-b-q seasoning
knox bro's sabroso seasoning


recipes

chicken recipes

pork recipes
beef recipes 
vegetables recipes

game recipes

condiment recipes

bbq information
misc information
contact
shipping information
privacy policy
media information
site map

faq
bbq and cooking links
buy local







 



      copyright 2020, knox's spice company, llc • info@knoxspice.com
      
    


 

 

 


 
 




