


hometeam inspection service | real estate home inspectors





























 
				close
			



 
				skip to content
			




				high contrast
			



 
				increase text size
			



 
				clear all
			



















find an inspection team












enter your zip code

										please enter a zip code
									

										please enter a valid zip code
									






(844) 969-0458






										our services
									






home inspection

pre-listing inspection

asbestos testing

defective drywall inspections

commercial buildings and property inspections

energy audits

four-point inspections

indoor air quality testing

infrared and thermal imaging

lead testing

mold inspection and tests

new construction inspections

pest, termite and wdo inspections

pool and spa inspections

radon testing

septic system evaluations

sewer scoping and inspections

storm-damage assessments

sprinkler and irrigation system inspections

water testing

wind mitigation inspections

manufactured home certifications

aging-in-place inspections





										who we serve
									






home buyers

home sellers

real estate professionals





										about us
									






articles

resources

testimonials

our videos

awards





										franchising
									




										locations
									






alabama

alaska

arizona

arkansas

california

colorado

connecticut

florida

georgia

idaho

illinois

indiana

iowa

kansas

kentucky

maryland

massachusetts

michigan

minnesota

missouri

nevada

new hampshire

new jersey

new york

north carolina

ohio

oklahoma

oregon

pennsylvania

south carolina

south dakota

tennessee

texas

utah

virginia

washington

washington, dc

west virginia

wisconsin

ontario










find an inspection team


(844) 969-0458
































home inspections
ensuring your dream home is a dream come true.



enter your zip code to find the inspection team near you.





						please enter a zip code
					

						please enter a valid zip code
					







home buyer +


home seller +


real estate professional +
























a short clip of a real estate agent talking over a home inspection with clients and hometeam employees.








about us
home inspectors near you

home inspectors for buyers,  sellers & new constructionwelcome to hometeam inspection service, the industry leader in home inspections. we assist buyers, sellers, and real estate professionals with a wide variety of home and business inspections. whether it’s a pre-list inspection, a mold test, or an indoor air quality evaluation, you can count on our team of home inspectors to confidently assess your property and provide you with a comprehensive report detailing our findings. over 30 years, our customers have been confidently counting on our trustworthy team for all their business and home inspections.find your inspection team

































fast
our team does the job in half the time, usually scheduling within one day of your call.






trusted
our reputation has been established for over 30 years with over 200 locations.






accurate
each inspector has a particular area of expertise making the end result accurate.
























hometeam ranked #1 home inspection franchise by entrepreneur magazine











fast, trusted & accurate

with how much time and energy you spend finding the perfect home—you should have absolute confidence that you’ve made the best choice for you and your family. hometeam gives you that assurance. we send a team of inspectors to your property and each one focuses on his or her area of expertise. 
when you hire our inspection service, you get a company that was named a franchise 500 business, berkshire hathaway homeservices diamond preferred alliance member and keller williams approved vendor. you and your family’s home comfort and safety are our top priority, which is why we make every inspection a team effort.
read moreread less  
















affiliates and awards
hometeam has numerous awards for fast, trusted & accurate service


keller williams approved vendor program members are business entities independent from keller williams realty, inc. neither keller williams realty, inc. nor its affiliated companies warrant hometeam inspection service, their products, or their services.










































reviews
hear from our customers





"the inspectors were extremely knowledgeable and helpful. they were very thorough, and took time to explain the process and the findings in great detail. i was definitely impressed and would highly recommend this team in the future."
- j.v



"the hometeam inspection staff were extremely thorough, professional, and friendly. we were given a one-on-one review of findings at the end of the inspection followed by a fully detailed report. very impressed by the entire process."
- p.a



"i thought the inspection was thorough and captured both the short and long term concern areas."
- k.f










 / 







read all reviews


read all reviews
































location
find an inspection team near you
find the inspection team near you.



enter your zip code

							please enter a zip code
						

							please enter a valid zip code
						





















find a location





our services

who we serve

about us

testimonials

resources

franchising








































copyright © 2025 hometeam inspection services, inc. all rights reserved. | each office is independently owned and operated.


accessibility
site map
privacy policy
terms & conditions


















