


































pain research center | university of utah health | university of utah health

















      skip to main content
    











                              university of utah health
                          
























search







menu





         home     pain research center          








close





university of utah health






pain research center

  department of pain research center




              faculty
            



              research & admin support
            






sub menu


admin support


collaborating physicians











              current studies
            






sub menu


all studies


inform trial


women's health and pain study











              contact us
            


























search

















 





                     
          
          
      
   learn more      
  
     the pain research center brings an interdisciplinary approach to the study of what pain is and how we treat it. we are clinical care providers, psychologists, social scientists, basic scientists, and an applied statistician, united by a belief that no single perspective has a clear view of pain and what it does to us.  
   mission  
  the overall mission of the center is to investigate the perception, causes, and consequences of pain. we take a broad view of this mission. pain is more than signals traveling this way and that through the body. the onslaught and persistence of pain depend on psychology, personal history and the medical, social and cultural environment. though we share a common nervous system infrastructure, we experience pain as unique individuals.
at the pain research center, we study underlying scientific mechanisms against the ever-present background of individual differences that modulate these mechanisms—the person and the pain. it’s not possible to understand one without the other.  
  
    related links     human subject research & clinical studies        publications        pain management center        patient research resources        department of anesthesiology         
     lectures & upcoming events
pain research center/pain management center didactic lecture series
fridays 7:30–8:30am
for more information contact amber vien or the pain research center at 801-581-6393.
 
  

















u of u health


about u of u health


community


health sciences workforce excellence


institutional research


jobs


patient care


schools & colleges




resources


disclaimer


map & directions


non-discrimination policy


webmaster











    615 arapeen drive ste. 200
    salt lake city,    utah
    84108
  
801-581-6393









































