     new ford & used car dealer in waco, tx | bird kultgen ford                                  













                                   















bird kultgen ford







sales
254-666-2473



service
254-666-2473

parts
254-666-2473





1701 w loop 340
waco, tx 76712
                            







service







map







contact





















bird kultgen ford




      call 254-666-2473   directions    

                 new   search inventory   commercial fleet sales   custom order   new ford truck inventory   fordpass rewards    trade appraisal     electric   electric inventory   ev chargers waco   meet the mustang mach-e   certified pre-owned overview     used   search inventory   vehicles under 30k   certified pre-owned vehicles   used ford inventory     specials   new specials   used specials   service specials   vehicle specials   fordpass     service & parts   schedule service    service department   collision repair   parts center   mobile service & repair   ford pickup & delivery   make a payment   quick lane     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator     about   about us   review us   contact us   meet our staff   careers   our blog                     home   new   search inventory   commercial fleet sales   custom order   new ford truck inventory   fordpass rewards    trade appraisal     electric   electric inventory   ev chargers waco   meet the mustang mach-e   certified pre-owned overview     used   search inventory   vehicles under 30k   certified pre-owned vehicles   used ford inventory     specials   new specials   used specials   service specials   vehicle specials   fordpass     service & parts   schedule service    service department   collision repair   parts center   mobile service & repair   ford pickup & delivery   make a payment   quick lane     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator     about   about us   review us   contact us   meet our staff   careers   our blog           




sell us your truck







    




search new inventory




search used inventory









    shop now  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search   basic      all new used    any year  any make  any model search       







                                                                                                     


inventory
search


search by filters















vehicle specials
view specials










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory        







apply for credit
fill out our online credit application.



get pre-approved












service
schedule your next appointment today.



schedule service












trade
check out the trade value of your vehicle.



value your trade






          



a vehicle for every lifestyle
 see our full lineup of ford vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





super duty





f-150





expedition





bronco





explorer





escape





edge





mustang





mach-e





ecosport





bronco sport





maverick





ranger





f-150 lightning





e-transit





transit





transit connect




explore all new ford inventory


          f-150  it's not luck. and it isn't coincidence. since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability. view inventory             
new & used ford dealership in waco, tx

the automotive professionals at bird kultgen ford have proudly served the waco, texas, region for nine decades, bringing the ford tough mindset to generations of drivers in waco, killeen, gatesville, mcgregor, and other parts of north-central texas. 
as a family-owned ford dealership, we're proud of how we've grown and changed over the years, nurturing relationships with our customers and community under the transformative vision of our founder, henry ford. one thing hasn't changed, and nor will it ever: our commitment to honesty, transparency, fairness, and high-quality service. keep reading to discover more about the exceptional vehicles, top-notch customer service, and comprehensive automotive solutions offered by bird kultgen for



see why our customers love us.




 
 




a trusted ford dealership in waco, tx


bird kultgen ford was founded in 1936, after the great depression and three years before world war ii. since then, we've become one of the waco region's economic mainstays, known and respected for our knowledge, expertise, and innovation in auto retailing.
as an authorized ford dealership, we're uniquely positioned to showcase the full power of ford's lineup of sedans, crossovers, suvs, trucks, and vans. our team has a 360-degree view of these latest vehicles and is excited to share its knowledge of ford technology and performance to help customers make the best choice possible when shopping for their next vehicle.
our dealership focuses on more than just cars. since our founding, bird kultgen ford has proudly supported waco community institutions, including hospitals, local schools, and universities. we're part of this community, and we're committed to helping it thrive.


a comprehensive range of ford services
as a full-service dealership focused on ford innovation and excellence, bird kultgen ford offers everything customers need for an outstanding auto-buying experience.
new vehicles
whether buyers are looking for a coupe, sedan, crossover, suv, pickup truck, or minivan, bird kultgen has them covered. we maintain a comprehensive inventory of 
all-new ford vehicles for sale. our sales staff offers unprecedented knowledge about these vehicles, helping customers to make the right choice.
pre-owned vehicles
buying a new vehicle might not fit everyone's budget or style. bird kultgen provides an alternative with its selection of 
pre-owned vehicles. we offer a range of 
certified pre-owned vehicles that carry the ford-certified seal of approval at three levels: gold certified, ev certified, and blue certified. in addition to our certified pre-owned ford cars, we offer a wide selection of used vehicles from other automakers. we can also take the stress out of used car buying with our 14-day/1,000-mile (whichever comes first) money-back guarantee. 
financing and leasing
shopping for a hot new set of wheels is fun, but eventually, budget realities come into play. our 
finance department can help customers find a loan or lease that fits their budget and take advantage of our promotional rates based on existing relationships with lenders. we can also assist with leasing options. 
service, maintenance, repairs, and parts
buying a car is a significant investment. our 
service center is there to help car owners protect that investment with excellence in maintenance and repair services. our team works with genuine 
ford parts to help keep vehicles on the road for as long as possible.





tailored ford financial solutions

ford offers drivers an innovative and expansive lineup of cars, crossovers, suvs, and trucks. customers can visit bird kultgen to get a taste of the latest models, such as the famed "ford tough" ford f-150 pickup truck, ford escape sedan, ford explorer and ford bronco crossovers, ford expedition suv, and ford mustang sports car. buyers can also explore ford's growing entries into the electric vehicle world, which include the ford mustang mach-e, ford maverick truck, and ford escape plug-in hybrid.
those not ready for a new car can consider opting for one of bird kultgen's certified pre-owned ford models. these cars have a seal of approval based on extensive inspections from our trained technicians. 
as a full-service dealership, bird kultgen ford is ready to assist customers with financing for their new vehicles. we simplify the loan or leasing process and make the auto-buying experience a swift affair. buyers can take their favorite vehicle for a test drive, submit their financing application, secure a loan, and be back home in less than a single day. we can help support our customers' unique financial situations with the right car and payment terms.
keeping a ford in peak condition
buying a vehicle is a considerable investment. let our technicians protect that investment with our high-quality repair and maintenance services. our highly trained team knows ford vehicles inside and out. we want to build a relationship with our customers and help them keep their cars on the road as long as possible. to this end, the team at bird kultgen ford offers everything from routine maintenance to complex repairs.
quality parts for lasting performance
part of our repair and maintenance success comes from our commitment to using genuine ford parts and accessories in all our repairs. vehicles are intricately designed machines with thousands of parts, and ford engineers design those parts to work together as a system to produce peak performance. our valued customers trust the bird kultgen team to be their source for genuine parts, ensuring top-notch performance, safety, and quality when bringing in their vehicles for maintenance or repairs.
customer satisfaction is our priority
from vehicle selection to financing and maintenance, bird kultgen ford is committed to making the auto-buying experience the best it can be. customer service is our highest priority, and through our team's extensive knowledge and ongoing assurance, we're committed to our customers' satisfaction. 
experience the legacy of ford excellence
bird kultgen ford has provided waco, texas, and the surrounding areas with a front door to ford's legacy of excellence for almost 90 years. we welcome buyers to visit our dealership's showroom to explore what we offer and meet our knowledgeable team.



let's begin the ford journey
customers can take the first step by calling or contacting us online. to reach out, contact:
sales, including test drives:  254-633-3006.
service: 254-294-3479. (or submit a form online to reserve a time.)
parts:  254-230-4506 to place an order.
join the bird kultgen ford family
our family-owned and operated dealership wants to make you a customer for life. whether you're in the market for a new or used car, need repair or maintenance with genuine ford parts, or want help qualifying for a loan, come and join the bird kultgen ford family.





meet our team
       follow us on social media                                                although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | consent preferences | additional disclosures bird kultgen ford | 1701 w loop 340, waco, tx 76712 | sales: 254-666-2473 |                































  cookie consent: by continuing to use this site you agree to our use of cookies. accept learn more     





                            