








improving finance & business - oriel inc
































				improving finance & business			


			oriel inc		






			site navigation		








what is a gold ira?

posted on july 9, 2021 by orielincadmin 


gold ira’s is popular with several different sectors of investors. for decades, gold has served as a hedge against inflation. in addition to having historical appeal, iras have additional advantages that make them attractive for many investors. for example, unlike other traditional iras, you cannot withdraw your money from a gold ira. therefore, you can have cash for investments without being concerned about your retirement funds going down the drain.
gold iras also offer more safety than traditional iras. many investors enjoy the historical volatility of investing in gold and the relative safety of using the u.s. mint and bullion depository system to store it. additionally, since gold is a highly liquid commodity, you can quickly access your funds if you need to use them. this is a huge benefit when comparing the varying rates offered by various ira funds.
one of the best features of purchasing gold as an investment is that there is never a need to take physical gold bullion. buying a gold ira makes your investment portfolio less susceptible to price changes and physical depreciation. as an investor, you also benefit when one of the hottest investment possibilities is the rising value of the precious metal. if you need extra safety and security, a gold ira may be right for you.
another of the appealing features of gold iras is that they offer flexibility. unlike investing in mutual funds, which have standard investment objectives and strict restrictions on how their investments can be used, gold ira’s are permitted to fluctuate up and down with the stock market. because these funds are not tied to any particular company or investment strategy, investors do not have to worry about whether the company they are invested in is doing well or even failing. because there are no restrictions on gold iras, any investments are subject to change. this is a significant appeal to new and more experienced investors who do not want to put their entire investment portfolio in jeopardy just because the company they invest in is struggling.
in addition to providing investors with an opportunity to diversify their investment portfolio, gold ira funds also offer a way to increase one’s retirement account size without having to increase the amount of money invested. a gold ira will generally earn a higher return through a combination of direct and indirect investments than a traditional fund would. the larger the fund, the greater the potential for growth and higher income.
when comparing different funds, it is essential to examine both the advantages and disadvantages of the various ira options. there is also an increasing trend for fund managers to offer their investment products that can help investors looking for something a little different from the selection provided by a standard ira. some of these other products include funds that specialize in specific areas such as real estate and foreign investments. because some investors may prefer to have more control over their assets, fund managers often offer advice about how gold iras could be used to complement other types of investment strategies. the appeal of gold iras for investors continues to increase as more of them realize how beneficial they are.
why should i invest in gold? you will be asking this question if you are interested in gold investment and gold prices. with gold prices have gone up several times over the past year, it would make sense to consider investing in gold. after all, you can buy gold with little or no money down at great prices. here are the top reasons to view gold as part of your gold investment portfolio.
one of the top reasons to consider gold as part of your gold investment portfolio is tax relief. most countries have some gold tax that is imposed on gold transactions. some of them are pretty mild and do not affect regular commercial transactions like selling gasoline at the pump. others charge significant cuts to cash payments, capital gains, and dividends. if you are a u.s. citizen, paying taxes on your gold sales could be substantial tax savings for you, mainly if you sell your gold for cash, take your ordinary income, and allocate it to this precious metal.
another reason to consider gold as an investment is the potential tax-free growth available to gold investors. over time, investors have obtained a much higher return rate than other investments like stocks and bonds. some iras specifically allow investors to invest in gold and benefit from these tax-free returns.
when considering gold investments, there are a couple of things you need to keep in mind. first, you must understand that gold prices fluctuate dramatically. even when gold prices increase, they can still fluctuate quickly because of political unrest or a bank run. in these instances, gold prices may go up but then come back down again. therefore, it is essential to make gold purchases and sales with due consideration of market volatility.
another important consideration when thinking about gold investment is gold exchange-traded funds (etfs). an etf is a particular type of mutual fund, which tracks the price movements of different metals. for example, gold etfs track the price movements of gold. investors may obtain benefits from mutual gold etfs, which can diversify their investments.
in addition to getting tax benefits, gold ira and gold etfs also offer several other benefits. for example, since gold investments are often considered long-term investments, they are not taxable until you sell your assets. investors who are not currently tax-aware usually find this attractive feature of gold ira and gold etfs. moreover, gold ira and gold etfs are eligible for adding gold commodity trading to their portfolios, further increasing their investment options.


categories: financediscussion: leave a comment 



why invest in gold & precious metals

posted on july 9, 2021 by orielincadmin 


the history of gold
the first gold coins can date back to 650 b.c. this shows how long gold has been around and the rich history that gold has. for gold to maintain its value from 650 b.c. and possibly before is amazing. gold and other precious metals have been held for decades by people or countries to protect them against hard times just in case other forms of currency become devalued. when individuals hold gold, this increases its value tremendously. gold is one of the only currencies that can withstand an economic recession.
good reasons for investing in gold & precious metals
there are many different reasons why people are investing in gold and precious metals. individuals invest in gold because it always maintains its value and it is a defense against inflation. if the dollar ever comes devalued, individuals will still have a valuable currency. investing in gold protects individuals from any type of deflation. the demand for gold has increased over the years and investing in gold allows for investment portfolio diversification. you should look into precious metals ira companies if you want professional help.
gold maintaining its value- gold is not like any paper money because it always keeps its value. individuals use gold as a way to preserve generational wealth and pass it down to their offspring.
defense against inflation- it is well noted that gold has been one of the best hedges against inflation throughout history. investors have seen the price of gold increase when there is a downturn in the stock market. when the cost of living goes up, the cost of gold goes up simultaneously.
the devalued dollar – we have seen how the american dollar lost some of its value during 1998 and 2008. individuals went into debt over stock market losses and over-leveraging of real estate assets. this experience taught americans a lesson and more people started to invest more in gold. from 1998 to 2008, gold was $1,000 per ounce and doubled to $2,000 per ounce between 2008 and 2012.
protection against deflation – when an economy is burdened with extreme debt, prices decrease, and businesses stop thriving, this is considered deflation. this occurred on a small level during the financial recession in 2008 and occurred globally during the great depression. gold never loses its value and is something that is used to combat deflation.
the increasing demand of gold – another good reason for individuals to invest in gold is that the demand is increasing globally. the chinese and people of india are heavily invested in the use of gold. an example of how the chinese use gold is as a form of saving. in india, it is used for jewelry making and at weddings. in the united states, there has also been an increased demand among investors when it comes to gold. one of the most popular etfs utilized in the united states by gold investors is spdr gold trust.
investment portfolio diversification – investors use gold to help diversify their investment portfolio because it is a different type of investment than stocks. if an investor has stocks, they usually invest in gold because this helps reduce the volatility that can happen in the stock market.
the best ways to invest in gold
one of the best ways that an individual can invest in gold is by purchasing gold coins or gold bars. if an individual owns gold coins or gold bars they must be sure that they are stored in a secure place such as a safe deposit box in a bank. another way that an individual can successfully invest in gold is by investing in gold mutual funds and etfs. individuals also can invest in gold mining companies or just buy and store a lot of gold jewelry.
gold has always been a precious metal that individuals and countries have valued throughout the beginning of time. in situations such as the great depression and the recession in 2008, the value of gold has increased in the united states and globally. whether it be bars, mutual funds, or etfs, an investment in gold is an excellent investment to protect individuals from losing everything if the stock market crashes.


categories: financediscussion: leave a comment 



the rise of medical marijuana

posted on june 4, 2021 by orielincadmin 






in the us, a majority of the states have passed laws that legalize the use of marijuana for medical reasons. many people wonder what cannabis treat, especially after it has been known for so many years to be a recreational drug. there is also the concern of who should use the drug. according to medical experts at the university of california, it’s pain that is the main reason why marijuana prescriptions are given.
pain is a generalized reaction that is associated with so many conditions. of late, cannabis has been popular among cancer patients and those suffering from glaucoma. the prescription helps to alleviate the pain that these patients face. the california weed blog discusses more pain-related conditions that are managed by medical marijuana. they include multiple sclerosis, seizure, headaches, poor appetite, nerve pain, muscle wasting, and nausea among others.
working mechanism of medical marijuana
essentially, the body is designed to produce anti-pain and anti-inflammatory compounds that work similarly to medical marijuana. however, the medical conditions listed above suppress the effects of the natural compounds. so, medical marijuana is prescribed to supplement the natural pain managers. in the long run, you get to stay comfortable as you wait to heal. medical marijuana comprises two basic active ingredients: tetrahydrocannabinol (abbreviated as thc) and cannabidiol (or simply cbd). these are what you need to conquer pain. for the best cbd oils, you should visit clevelandleader.com/what-are-the-best-cbd-oil-brands/
administration of medical marijuana
medical marijuana is administered in different ways. the most common avenues are smoking and vaporizing. the second method involves the use of a special device, a vaporizer. the gadget does not produce smoke, so the approach has reduced risks if compared to smoking. there are other people who prefer to take the prescription as liquid extract while others as cookies or candies. in california, most users are comfortable with the cookies method it allows them to prepare and customize their own portions. they add cbd oils to their recipes and prepare the browns like normal cookies. for more information on cookies preparation, you should be an active reader of the california weed blog to learn about the recipes as well as other important information about edibles.
final thoughts
just like any drug, there are side effects associated with medical marijuana. however, recent studies show that the prescription is effective in managing pain linked to different conditions. if your doctor prescribes you to take medical marijuana, you now have reasons to do so. for the finest cbd oils to use, you should click https://www.clevelandleader.com/what-are-the-best-cbd-oil-brands/ and get your ideal prescription.






categories: healthdiscussion: leave a comment 



how cbd can help

posted on june 4, 2021 by orielincadmin 


if you suffer from an uncomfortable and chronic health issue or simply want a natural and effective way to deal with age-related pain, you should definitely head over to http://besthempcbdoils.com to learn more about cbd & marijuana tools. if more people knew just how effective cbd was at alleviating common ailments and symptoms; more consumers would be rushing out to invest in their first vape tanks.
why use cbd?
cbd is a component in many strains of marijuana that’s known to have remarkable pain-relieving effects. it’s used by people with progressive and potentially fatal illnesses such as hiv, the aids virus, and cancer for pain relief. not only does cbd alleviate the pain that cancer itself causes, but it can additionally ameliorate treatments such as nausea, vomiting, sleeplessness, and anxiety among many other things. aging adults also use cbd to alleviate problems like arthritis, sore bones, low appetite, insomnia and more. in fact, in certain concentrations, cbd can even minimize parkinson’s tremors and improve fine motor control among parkinson’s patients. whether you suffer from anxiety, depression or any other ailment, using marijuana to relieve your discomfort will allow you to sidestep the often overwhelming side effects of pharmaceutical products, while still experiencing notable health benefits.
cbd is not psychoactive
if you have never used cbd & marijuana tools as part of your pain management plan, you may be worried about getting “high” or feeling the sense of disconnection and euphoria that’s frequently associated with recreational drug use. the truth of the matter, however, is that cbd is not a psychoactive agent in marijuana. when people get high when using marijuana, they tend to get high in relation to the amount of thc that’s present in the strains their using. cbd, however, does not have any psychoactive effects and it can be found in products and concentrations that promote pain relief and leave people feeling balanced, energized and very normal indeed. women throughout the world have even found cbd use helpful for staving off problems like osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, menopause symptoms, perimenopause symptoms, sore joints, and more.
using vape tanks to take advantage of cbd benefits
in addition to being able to find cbd products and marijuana strains that have either very low concentrations of thc or absolutely no psychoactive agents at all, people can also take advantage of vape tanks. with these, pure cbd liquids can be used as part of a person’s anxiety, depression, or pain management plan with very little tell-tale odors, and absolutely no risk of getting high. vape tanks make it easy for people to be discreet about their marijuana use which can be particularly important for those who live in large households and for consumers for whom marijuana use remains taboo.
there are certainly other benefits in using vape tanks to consume cbd products as opposed to smoking traditional marijuana. when rolling a joint, a person is likely to ingest some amount of thc. no matter how nominal this might be, it is may be enough to make this individual feel a bit out of sorts or impaired. using vape tanks to consume pure cbd, however, is another matter entirely. pure cbd strains have the best pain relieving effects and health benefits, and they do not cause any impairments in normal functioning.
how to find and buy vape tanks
the best place to get your vape tanks is from companies that specialize in the provision of cbd & marijuana tools. these entities tend to have the greatest range of vape tanks and accessories available. moreover, they can assist you in choosing a vaping gear that’s in line with your intended manner of use. pure cbd vape tanks are not to be confused with the vaping mods that people use in place of tobacco cigarettes. these two very different types of products are not interchangeable.
when shopping for vape tanks, always be sure to learn more about the seller and the companies that have manufactured these products. it’s also a good idea to sign up for company mailing lists. this way, you can have a number of impressive and completely personalized deals delivered right to your inbox. offers like these will help you to save considerable sums of cash on your cbd & marijuana tools. moreover, mailing list subscribers will additionally receive regular reports on important industry updates. they’ll even get ongoing updates on the development of new vape tanks and other important changes in cbd vaping equipment and accessories.


categories: healthdiscussion: leave a comment 



a safer alternative

posted on june 4, 2021 by orielincadmin 


according to a report by the royal college of physicians, health risks arising from long term e-cigarette use is unlikely to exceed 5% of the harm from tobacco smoking. there is very strong evidence from a wide range of studies that vaping is far less risky than cigarette smoking yet many people choose to ignore that evidence.
e-cigarettes have a huge potential to save lives by providing an alternative to tobacco cigarettes. smoking is the leading cause of preventable death. every year, cigarettes cause more than 6 million deaths worldwide. by 2030, more than 8 million people will be dying annually because of smoking.
cigarettes kill but not e-cigarettes
tobacco smoke has 900 potentially cancer causing chemicals and 100 known carcinogens. tobacco also has nicotine, which is highly addictive. on the other hand, e-cigarettes do not have carcinogens, nicotine, and other dangerous chemicals.
tobacco cigarettes will give you lung cancer. they will make you have a low sexual libido. however, that is not the case with e-cigarettes.
smoking is not only dangerous to the smoker. it is also dangerous to the people around the smoker. every year, thousands of people die because of passive smoking.
e-cigarettes do not have passive risks. if you use an e-cigarette, you will not endanger your health either will you endanger the health of the people around. that is why some airlines and bars allow e-cigarettes. in some countries, you can use them in the public.
40% cheaper than smoking
if you think smoking only harms your health, think twice. it also leaves a dent in your pocket. cigarette smoking is a costly affair. on the other hand, using e-cigarettes will not cost you much.
if you smoke a pack a day, you will spend close to $200 in a week and over $9,000 in a year. a person who is earning an average hourly wage in new zealand (approx $29), will have to work 45 minutes to earn enough money to buy a packet of cigarettes.
according to nerd wallet, disposable e-cigarettes will cost you less than $1400 a year if you are a pack-a-day smoker. if you buy a reusable e-cigarette, the cost will come down to $500 a year. you can easily find affordable e-cigarettes and top vape tanks by reading e cigarette reviews 2018.
leading health organizations recommend e-cigarettes for smoking cessation
the royal college of general practitioners in the uk has made it clear that it is very important to promote e-cigarette use as well as other non-tobacco nicotine products to smokers who are trying to quit. actually, there is overwhelming evidence that e-cigarettes are more effective for smoking cessation than nicotine replacement products like gum and inhalators.
the media is lying about e-cigarettes
poor science backs media scare stories about e-cigarettes. some journalists do not take time to do their research and they have incredible sources. often, you will see media stories highlighting negative things about e-cigarettes. there is nothing true about those stories. if you want to know the truth about e-cigarettes, you have to read journals and reports produced by credible health organizations.
a common lie of the media is that most e-cigarette users are teens. that is inaccurate. according to studies, many e-cigarette users are middle-aged men who are mainly using e-cigarettes to help them quit smoking or for recreation. e-cigarette use is also rising in women.
public perceptions about e-cigarettes have to change. people need to find the truth about e-cigarettes. for those who have already made up their minds to use them, they should read e cigarette reviews 2018 to find out the best e cigarette products in the market.
despite the media lies e-cigarette use is rising
people are starting to realize the benefits of e-cigarettes. that is making e-cigarette usage to increase with every passing day. since their introduction to the market in 2004, global usage has increased exponentially. by 2013, there were millions of e-cigarette users globally.
in the us, 12.6% of adults have used an e-cigarette in the past. by 2015, there were more than 2 million e cigarette users in the uk. in france, more than 2 million people use e-cigarettes on a daily basis. over 70% of french smokers use e cigarettes to reduce or quit smoking.
the bottom-line
the fact remains: cigarettes are dangerous and expensive. on the other hand, e-cigarettes are safer and affordable.
jumping to the e-cigarette train will save you money. it will also make you healthier and to enjoy a long life.


categories: healthdiscussion: leave a comment 



make it easy

posted on june 4, 2021 by orielincadmin 


if you want to get off the cancer stick and move into a healthier version of smoking, you should start vaping. yeah, yeah, we know…you don’t know about vaping and you don’t know how to start. but no worries, we are here to help you out.
this is what you have to do:
start slow: there are thousands of companies out there vying to get your business. that means you will be swamped with brands, colors, styles, and flavors of vape machines. before doing all that, we recommend starting with a small cheap simple to use a machine called cig-a-likes. these vape machines look just like a cigarette and they are more likely to help newcomers adjust faster to vaping. the machine is lightweight and you can invest in a refillable version or a disposable version. they are portable, discreet and very, very easy to use. the reason we recommend this for newbies is that of the psychological aspect of smoking. smokers are used to the classic mouth feel and taste of a cig stick. switching suddenly to a high-tech machine that looks and feels completely different has resulted in many smokers falling back into smoking. to prevent this, start slow with the cig-a-like and stick to it for as long as possible.
liquids: liquids are critically important to getting the taste and feel of cigarette smoking right. the four main components of liquids are: pg or propylene glycol, vg or vegetable glycerin, flavoring and nicotine (strength ranging from 0 to upward.) everything is fda approved and quite safe to use. liquids may contain a mix or pg, vg or a single agent with the other ingredients. however, pg-containing liquids provide a stronger throat hit while vg liquids provide more vapor. we recommend using the liquid recommended by the company for the kit you’ve chosen. for newbies, we also do not recommend any strength of nicotine. start with 0 or 1 mg (typical for a cigarette.) you can adjust the dose downward or upward but we do not recommend newbies going upward with more nicotine strength.
choosing kits: moving onto a high-end kit is recommended after a few months or weeks of using the cig-a-likes. we recommend this so that you can get the entire vaping experience. there are several kits online to choose from; start by reading a few reviews and pick a model that seems easy to use and comes with free liquid starter kits. make sure you start with a low-end kit that should cost about $50-$100. adjust yourself to a vaping kit and you can then move on to a luxe model.
battery: yes, these are electronic cigarettes and they run on batteries. so you need a model that runs efficiently on a charge. top companies like halo offer batteries that last for almost 200-250 puffs. there are longer battery options as well. some top models have led lights that turn red when batteries are low.
maintenance: duh, it’s a machine. you have to clean the coils and maintain your machine regularly if you want it last. the process is simple though. just disassemble, wash under running water and wipe dry. of course, don’t wash the coil! do this every few days and you should be ok. after you refill the tank, give the coil a minute or two to soak in the liquid. if you don’t do this, the wick burns by itself resulting in a burnt taste while smoking. after you have done this, make sure you take the first two puffs without pressing the fire button. this will pull in the liquid into the coils ensuring a good hit on the first puff. we also recommend changing the liquid and tank if you have not used the machine for 20 days or more. this is because liquid tends to concentrate if left in the tank by itself. replace the liquid and you should be ok. if you aren’t sure of maintenance, write into the company or customer support and someone will walk you through the process.
smoking is not sexy anymore but vaping is; try it. once you feel you are ready to move on; start browsing for high-end or luxury vape kits and read a few review of e juices. you do have to do your research though. you can pick up kits for as low as $10 from your supermarket aisle but this is not what you want. choose a kit that offers moderate strength liquids in a range of flavors with upgrade-able mods for the future.
you have nothing to lose, and a whole lot of style to gain.


categories: healthdiscussion: leave a comment 



improve business with oriel

posted on august 3, 2017 by orielincadmin 


if you need to improve your business and overall performance, let oriel help through our commitment to working in strong collaboration with you. we can offer tips for you regarding methodologies and management while putting our heads together, with you, to help you gain a foothold in today’s competitive environment. let our experienced consultants help guide the way. we truly enjoy what we do.


categories: uncategorizeddiscussion: leave a comment 





search for:





recent posts


what is a gold ira?


why invest in gold & precious metals


the rise of medical marijuana


how cbd can help


a safer alternative


archives

july 2021
june 2021
august 2017








				theme: scaffold by danny cooper.
			







