decca classics - label for classical music since 1929explore decca classics:label & releasesstoreenmenuklaus mäkeläklaus mäkelä conducts shostakovich with the oslo philharmonicgo to articleisata kanneh-masonisata kanneh-mason to release fanny mendelssohn’s rediscovered ‘easter’ sonatago to articlejohn culshawcelebrating the centenary of decca’s legendary producer john culshawlearn morenicola benedettinicola benedetti, benjamin grosvenor, and sheku kanneh-mason unite for beethoven’s triple concertogo to articlebenjamin brittendecca classics celebrates 60th anniversary of benjamin britten’s legendary recording of the ‘war requiem’learn morececilia bartolibartoli at her most beautiful – the mezzo’s career-longassociation with bel canto celebrated on deccago to articleklaus mäkeläklaus mäkelä conducts stravinsky and debussy with orchestre de parisgo to articleaigul akhmetshinafrom the mountains to the met — decca classics signs aigul, the opera star with the fairy-tale journey to stardomgo to articleyunchan limafter a global race decca classics signs yunchan limgo to articlethe philharmonic brassintroducing the philharmonic brass – an elite new ensemble from the berlin & vienna philharmonic orchestrasgo to articlevoces8voces8 announce new album ' a choral christmas' featuring voces8 foundation choir and orchestrago to articlelise davidsenlise davidsen announces new album ‘christmas from norway’go to articlechristian lichristian li releases new album ‘discovering mendelssohn’go to articletan dunworld-premiere recording of tan dun’s monumental ‘buddha passion’ set for release on 4 augustgo to articleisata kanneh-masonisata kanneh-mason draws on her childhood in third album ‘childhood tales’go to articlerandall goosbyrandall goosby’s second album is a world-class collaboration with the philadelphia orchestrago to article​use * after final word when searching with multiple words (e.g. van beethoven*) and as placeholder to complete words (e.g. *eethov*)new releasesshow allgjeilo winter light / jess gillamjan 3, 2025puccini la bohème / pavarotti · karajannov 22, 2024christmas carlos simonnov 15, 2024hodie christus natus est poor clare sisters arundelnov 15, 2024nos galan (deck the halls) / alis huwsnov 15, 2024coventry carol / jess gillamnov 8, 2024new videosshow all04:49the original source series - the making of karajan: mahler's 6th symphonyherbert von karajan03:11 imperial march (from star wars: the empire strikes back) feat. boston symphony orchestrajohn williams02:54belli: prélude (arr. lewin for 2 guitars)alexandra whittingham03:06marcello: oboe concerto in d minor, s. z799: ii. adagio lucie horsch00:59korngold: violin concerto in d major, op. 35: ii. romance. andante (excerpt)ray chen01:30 john culshaw: the art of the producerjohn culshawnewsshow alldutch recorder virtuoso lucie horsch brings life back to fourteen historic instruments in the 'brüggen project'6 months agolucie horschklaus mäkelä conducts shostakovich with the oslo philharmonic8 months agoklaus mäkelänicola benedetti, benjamin grosvenor, and sheku kanneh-mason unite for beethoven’s triple concerto8 months agonicola benedettiisata kanneh-mason to release fanny mendelssohn's rediscovered 'easter' sonata9 months agoisata kanneh-masonfrom sheep pens to palaces — decca classics signs the official royal harpist alis huws9 months agoalis huwsdecca classics signs viral virtuoso alexandra whittingham10 months agoalexandra whittinghamartists in focusklaus mäkelärandall goosbylise davidsenruth slenczynskacurrent concerts30julandreas ottensamerkirche saanen, gstaad, rota: clarinet triobrahms: clarinet trio10augdaniel barenboimwaldbühne, berlin, mendelssohn: piano concerto no. 1beethoven: symphony no. 313augdaniel barenboimkurhaus, wiesbaden, mendelssohn: piano concerto no. 1beethoven: symphony no. 315augdaniel barenboimgrosses festspielhaus, salzburg, mendelssohn: piano concerto no. 1beethoven: symphony no. 317augdaniel barenboimkkl, lucerne, mendelssohn: piano concerto no. 1beethoven: symphony no. 3start/follow decca classicsdeccacontactimprintterms & conditionsprivacy policynewsletter