


code toad - free html javascript java asp and dhtml code tutorials and scripts.













  asp shopping 
            cart, forum & bbs
              - all for $20 from codetoad plus!



  
      
 





  home || asp | asp.net | c++/c# | dhtml | html | java | javascript | perl | vb | xml || codetoad plus! || forums || ram 




search site: 

























welcome to codetoad !
 
free code samples, in-depth tutorials, and loads of useful  resources.  assisting your development.

check out codetoad plus! - our new membership-based application source code resource.

also make sure to visit the new guide from the blog starter.


featured on codetoad plus!




 asp shopping cart e-commerce script
by codetoad.com 
complete source code and demo database(access, though sql compatible) to an asp database driven e-commerce shopping basket, taking the user through from product selection to checkout.





 asp forum script
by codetoad.com 
a comprehensive forum script include email notification, special codes & multi-forum capabilities includes complete source code and demo database(access).





 asp weblog script
by codetoad.com 
create your own weblog with this easy-to-install script, including blog archive and editable post facility. uses asp and access database(sql server compatible)





most popular articles




 javascript - enable and disable form elements
by jeff anderson 
this is a relatively little known and under-used feature of javascript which can be very useful in guiding a user through a form. using the disabled tag, you can switch on and off elements in a form. 





 asp filesystemobject
by jeff anderson 
an introduction to the filesystemobject





 asp gettempname
by jeff anderson 
use the gettempname method to create a randomly generated temporary file on the server.





 image submit button
by jeff anderson 
you can keep your forms from slipping into mundanity by substituting the default gray submit button to a colourful graphic of your choosing.





 check isnumeric function
by jeff anderson 
a javascript validation function to check whether the details entered by a user are numeric.





 javascript onload event
by jeff anderson 
sometimes you need to perform an action immediatley after the page has loaded. that's when the onload event handler comes in handy





 asp format date and time script
by jeff anderson 
an asp script showing the variety of date and time formats possible using the formatdatetime function.





 asp opentextfile
by jeff anderson 
an introduction to the opentextfile method of the filesystemobject





 email validation using regular expression
by jeff anderson 
using regular expression syntax is an exellent way to thoroughly validate an email. it's possible in asp.





 form validation function
by jeff anderson 
a javascript validation function that you can use to validate all types of forms.



  view more popular articles 
 




most recent articles




decode and encode utf-8 by hans kalle
when reading and writing xml-files like rss-feeds, one needs to convert data from the windows character set to utf-8. this script is all you need.





asp gettempname by jeff anderson
use the gettempname method to create a randomly generated temporary file on the server.





asp getfile by jeff anderson
an introduction to the getfile method of the filesystemobject





asp folderexists by jeff anderson
an introduction to the folderexistsmethod of the filesystemobject





asp opentextfile by jeff anderson
an introduction to the opentextfile method of the filesystemobject





asp fileexists by jeff anderson
an introduction to the fileexistsmethod of the filesystemobject





asp filesystemobject by jeff anderson
an introduction to the filesystemobject





asp createtextfile by jeff anderson
an explanation of the createtextfile method, part of the asp filesystemobject 





asp createfolder by jeff anderson
using the createfolder method of the filesystemobject to create a folder on the server





javascript get selected text by jeff anderson
a cross-browser script to get text selected by the user




  view all codetoad articles 
 





reader contributions (unedited)




imagethumbnail.js: a javascript library based... by masato bito
the conventional way of uploading images on the web― by selecting file names― is inconvenient. you have to retain from memory what is kept under each file. however, thumbnail image of the file being uploaded can be previewed on the browser when using the library introduced on this site.





digit to words by dabug
just a simple algorith on how to read numbers and say it in words





communicating with the database (using ado) by chaudhary pradeep k. roy
using ado to get connected with the database.





type anywhere by sumit pranav
type anywhere is a magical notepad with which you can type anywhere,on the desktop, on any file or program open. it gives you facility to make its window transclusent, save the file and change fonts etc. with this you can work on two windows simultaniously.





internal search engine by stevan rodrigues
the search engine module will search an entire page also dynamic pages   for matching keyword(s) or a phrase and will count how many times the keyword(s)   or phrase are found on the page, and display the results with the highest matches   first. the module will search all files with the extensions that you can easily   place the extension name into the web.config file where indicated. files   or folders that you don't want searched can be placed in the web.config   where indicated, so these files and folders are not searched.





simple date validation by chris hogben
function that takes a date in three parts, day, month and year - returns true if it's a valid date.





function to return alpha characters only by rodney
these two functions combine to return only the a-z,a - z and spaces in a given string.





the osi reference model - a clear and concise... by james opiko
the osi reference model - a resource for it certification candidates & networking professionals





unique random numbers by stanley switaj
need to randomize records that have an autonumber id, starting from 1 and on, like a vector for visual basic, it uses a collection, then picks out one randomly one at a time and places it in your unique random number array.





ado connection & recordset functions by coretys
these functions should help dealing with ado connections and recordsets a bit easier. if you have any suggestions, then please tell me.




  add your own article with our article submission wizard 
 





script & tutorial directory







asp ( 732
) email, content management


dhtml ( 471
) browser windows, mouse trails


java ( 263
) applets, applications


jsp ( 105
) applications, beans


xml ( 150
) xml and java, miscellaneous






asp.net ( 60
) web services, configuration


html ( 304
) backgrounds, beginners guides


javascript ( 374
) date and times, forms


visual basic ( 359
) registry, windows api

















  





useful links






codetoad experts
can't find the answer?
       our site experts 
       are answering questions for free in the codetoad forums

















  privacy  - 
contact  - 
advertise  - 
hot links  - 
link to us  - 
submit your article  







© copyright codetoad.com 2001-2015




