





morris county bar association






































		skip to content










 





about us

menu toggle





mcba officers & trustees


mcba committees


mcba past presidents


mcba award honorees


membership

menu toggle





apply


login


referrals

menu toggle





for the public – lawyer referral service


for the public – reduced fee referral program


for members – join the lawyer referral service


foundation

menu toggle





mcbf officers & trustees


mcba mitchell h. cobert mentor program


events

menu toggle





2025 mcba/mcbf calendar


mcba annual golf outing


mcba annual installation & awards dinner


contact
 





 







 







main menu

 









2025 calendarabout us

menu toggle

mcba past presidentsmcba practice area awardeesofficers & trusteessponsorscommitteescontactevents

menu toggle

annual golf outingcalendarinstallation dinnerlegapaloozaphoto galleryfoundation

menu toggle

mentor programofficers & trusteesgolf outing sponsorshomemcba past presidentsmembership

menu toggle

applyloginreferrals

menu toggle

find a lawyerjoin the lrsreduced fee referral program 









 














welcome to the morris county bar associationsetting the standard for exceptional legal representation


 
established in 1900, the morris county bar association is a professional association of attorneys and members of the judiciary who live in and/or practice law in morris county. become a member today!
 
 









125 years of excellence!


































the bar association


 
the objectives of the association are as follows: to maintain the honor and dignity of the profession of law; to promote an understanding of the law and its application in society; to foster the due administration of justice; and to promote the capacity of the bar for public service, particularly the provision of pro bono legal services in appropriate cases. 
see how we're serving our community.
 
 














 




located in the middle of the morristown green is "the alliance," a life-size statue representing george washington, alexander hamilton, and lafayette in 1780 when lafayette informed washington that france would support the colonies in the revolution.




















2025 mcba/mcbf events












to register for open events, click here.







































the mcba is proudly sponsored by:






platinum sponsor:



























                       gold sponsors:























































silver sponsors:








































































































































our sponsors make our work possible. view all of our sponsors.














 







copyright © 2025 morris county bar association | powered by astra wordpress theme
 
























