


christian bible teaching ministry and shopping mall megasite - christ-centered mall




































click on the lighthouse to return safely home.
























enter your search terms
submit search form

























christian healthcare ministries (chm) is an affordable, faith-based solution for christians to the problems of rising healthcare costs and expensive health insurance policies.
an eligible option under the national healthcare law, chm is thousands of christians united in sharing each other's medical bills.
































 angels
 armor of god
 backsliding
 body, soul, & spirit
 feasts of the lord
 fruit of the spirit
 holy spirit baptism
 judge or not judge?
 kingdom of god
 kings of judah
 losing salvation
 ministry credentials
 sacred vows
 spiritual gifts
 water baptism
 more teachings »













shop christian stores which sell art, bibles, books, church supplies, clothing, flowers, gifts,
music, software, toys, and videos.
find christian services online such as churches, colleges, homeschooling, ministries, seminaries,
travel, and web design.


















our christian mall ministry megasite
christ-centered mall, founded in 1998, is an online christian bible teaching ministry and shopping mall which provides pure biblical principles and sound biblical teaching not only for christians but also for non-believers in hope that they repent and receive god's gracious salvation plan in jesus christ.
christian bible teaching ministry
the goal of our christian bible teaching ministry is to teach sound biblical doctrine and bring disciples to maturity; yet still reach the lost, call believers to revival, and motivate christians to spend more of their time in deep bible study and prayer. our passion is to share exciting revelations and insights worldwide to encourage, stimulate, and facilitate serious study of the bible as god's infallible word so information can bring forth transformation and head knowledge can become heart knowledge.
our bible teachings are constantly being updated as god pours out precious truths to us by his holy spirit — truths which line up to god's word but have been hidden, mistaught, and often misunderstood. please feel free to translate our teachings into your own native language and visit our scripture of the day for your daily bread.
christian shopping mall
to support our ministry, we offer affordable advertising for christian businesses so they can sell christian gifts and services worldwide. our christian shopping mall is family-friendly, provides a large amount of traffic, and has unique stores such as christ-centered art — an online christian art gallery dealing in affordable, high-quality art prints and canvases. why not also advertise your store or service in our online mall and watch your traffic boost?
closing statement
we hope that your visit to our christian gathering place and biblical resource center will be a pleasant, fruitful experience and that it will inspire your faith year round.
please feel free to bookmark this site so you can view all of the christian teachings and biblical materials this site has to offer. we would also be honored if you would take a moment to vote for our site.





 



 
ministry information
mission statement
statement of faith
free membership
contact us

 



 
headline news
jesus story
salvation plan
sinner's prayer
prayer requests
biblical discoveries
christian chat

 



 
bible zone
game zone
kids zone
music zone
teen zone






 
christ-centered art
christian book distributors
christian healthcare ministries

 



 
christ-centered awards
donations & offerings
recommended materials
christian links
link to us












 bible profiles
 biblical teachings
 christian cartoons
 scripture of the day
















daniel in lion's den
donkey speaks
fall of jericho
feeding the 5,000
fiery furnace
floating axe head
jonah and the fish
parting of red sea
raising of lazarus
walking on water
water to wine














home |
questions & answers | 
sign our guestbook | 
testimonials |
privacy policy |
e-mail us |
site map



this website was designed & programmed by david's web creations, & you're visitor #

the content on this site, including text and graphics, is the property of christ-centered mall.
all u.s. and international copyright© laws apply and are reserved by christ-centered mall.
web pages copyright© 1998-2024 by christ-centered mall, inc. all rights reserved.




