







































farmingdale state college












future students
parents
visitors
alumni & friends
search
apply now




about us
academic programs
athletics
news & media center
happening today





apply now










search





featured results
view all results
no results found


directory
no results found




common searches
how do i apply?
when is open house?
how much is tuition?
how do i get to campus?
would you like to contact us?






future students
parents
visitors
alumni & friends
about us
academic programs
athletics
happening today
news & media center


 



a celebration of leadership and community
the inauguration of robert s. prezant, phd, 10th president of farmingdale state college
more details







visiting scholars program
new program empowers young learners with hands-on knowledge from fsc experts
read more







fsc’s finest
upd officers honored at annual awards and promotions ceremony
read more







2024 fsc dei awards
fsc faculty, staff, students honored for leadership in diversity, equity, and inclusion
read more







transforming lives through scholarship
sillcox scholars program: a force for change
read more







the nucleus of biology at fsc
cultivating collaboration, discoveries, and breakthroughs with every experiment
read more





















apply to fsc
open house





the future is at farmingdale state college.




new


ms nursing administration
registered nurses aim to enhance their education to drive innovation, improve healthcare
                     outcomes, and ensure safety across diverse populations. this program integrates nursing,
                     arts, and sciences to develop advanced leadership skills for evidence-based practice.
                     collaborative learning prepares them for leadership roles in hospitals, home health,
                     long-term care, and community health.

curriculum information







new


artificial intelligence management
ai management builds a foundation of both managerial and technical skills by combining
                     business and computer science. this online, upper-division program is designed to
                     equip students with machine learning, algorithms, statistical reasoning, and ethics,
                     within functional areas of business such as marketing, finance, operations, supply
                     chain management, and project management.

curriculum information









computer science
computer science is a discipline that studies computer architecture, software design,
                     algorithms, information processing, computer applications and systems, and the mathematical
                     foundations of computing. analyze, design, and build complex software components,
                     software design, and algorithms to solve industry-informed relevant problems.

curriculum information









business analytics
data is increasingly fundamental and indispensable to organizational decision-making
                     in a competitive environment. and making data-informed strategies is predicted to
                     be the driving force of progress and success in many key industries. this program
                     prepares students for jobs that require skills in data analysis, visualization, and
                     presentation.

curriculum information









computer security technology
never has computer security been so essential to personal safety, business integrity,
                     and national security. learning to combat security issues and challenges in the digital
                     environment through new technologies will be a valued skill in tomorrow's global world.

curriculum information









geographic information systems
advances in global positioning are resulting in many uses and applications for geographic
                     data. manipulating, analyzing, assessing, and visualizing this data can solve problems
                     like natural resource management, ocean phenomena, and hazard response—and even help
                     address and prevent natural disasters.

curriculum information









interaction design
ever wonder why products, appliances, and interfaces are designed a certain way? interaction
                     design—the first program of its kind in suny— will show you how to use hands-on, creative
                     thinking, innovation, and gameplay to incorporate user-friendly design elements into
                     everyday use.

curriculum information









applied gerontology
with an aging u.s. population, care for the elderly has never been more in demand
                     or more critical to society and individual families. the applied gerontology major
                     equips students with the many skills needed to provide a consistent level of care
                     with accepted healthcare standards.

curriculum information









civil engineering technology
the civil engineering technology program produces graduates with highly sought technical
                     skills and knowledge to prepare the workforce to fulfill the building needs of regional
                     businesses. students will learn how to use cutting-edge technology, conduct studies,
                     analyze data, design systems, and many other functions related to the discipline.

curriculum information









criminal justice: police, courts, and corrections
criminal justice: police courts and corrections incorporates analysis, tactical planning,
                     and theory into an understanding of the correlates of crime and delinquency and potential
                     solutions.

curriculum information









nutrition science
nutrition, healthy choices, and dietary lifestyle change all impact the way we think
                     about food consumption and food preparation. students will learn to examine complex
                     relationships in the exploding field of human nutrition and food technology and what's
                     ahead in the study of nutrition research, public health, and food chemistry.

curriculum information









health promotion and wellness
the desire for healthier living and a well-rounded lifestyle has created a booming
                     wellness industry nationwide. learn about this growing field, which uses principles
                     from nutrition, exercise, behavior modification, weight management, science, and medicine
                     to help people experience improved and more satisfying lives.

curriculum information


























with an affordable suny tuition and strong commitment to accessibility,
               							affordability,
               							and student support, farmingdale state college offers a carefully curated engaging
               student
               							experience, a highly inclusive campus, and a unique program mix that positions
               students for a
               							very
               							bright future.
               						













what's happening @ fsc






full campus calendar











go rams!

            						the fsc rams compete in the skyline conference for the ncaa division iii. with
            first-rate facilities
            						and
            						winning athletes, you can experience the energy at any game while cheering on
            your fellow rams. athletics website








faces of farmingdale



alumni
cecilia  ambros
visual communications class of 2004
when cecilia ambros became interested in art as a teenager, her current profession
                     did not exist. from those early beginnings she has drawn from her fsc degree, progressing
                     her design career from branding and marketing to digitally engaging bank customers.
learn more about cecilia  





faculty
dr. ilknur aydin
computer systems
fsc's dr. ilknur aydin's research connections provide inspiration 
                     and opportunities for students. 
learn more about ilknur 





alumni
destini buchanan
bioscienceclass of 2024
destini buchanan, ’24, leads by example in fsc’s campus community and beyond. 
learn more about destini 





faculty
dr. tracy callender
biology
biology assistant professor dr. tracy callender helps draw minority students into
                     research and supports graduate and postgraduate students interested in academic careers.
learn more about tracy 





alumni
arthur corwin
construction engineering technologyclass of 1976
an unflattering review of arthur corwin's '76, drawing skills led him to drop plans
                     to be an architect and major in construction technology. the decision led to a lucrative
                     career in civil engineering.    
learn more about arthur 





alumni
oniel cross
computer securityclass of 2004
oniel cross '04, came to fsc looking for a great education and the chance for a great
                     job. he got both, and now works as a principal in deloitte’s public sector technology
                     practice, and wants to make fsc a feeder school for the high-profile company.
                     															
learn more about oniel 





alumni
asse diallo
science, technology, & society class of 2023
asse diallo, '23, has been building community and encouraging advocacy at fsc and
                     beyond. she encouraged student activism through the fsc naacp chapter.
learn more about asse 





faculty
dr. edmund “ned” douglass
science, technology, & societychair
fsc's edmund “ned” douglass, phd, brings cosmic connection and a problem-solving tool
                     kit to his students.
learn more about edmund “ned” 





alumni
james durant
aviationclass of 1968
james durant ’68, credits fsc with building his skills and confidence to succeed in
                     the aviation industry. now he is mentoring and supporting young people.
learn more about james 





faculty
dr. jing betty feng
business management
fsc's dr. jing betty feng, associate professor in the department of business management,
                     focuses on applied learning and cross-cultural collaboration to prepare her students
                     for successful careers. 
learn more about jing betty 





alumni
daniela figueroa
applied psychologyclass of 2024
applied psychology graduate daniela figueroa,’24, already boasts a packed resume and
                     is always looking for new ways to contribute to the college and her community.
learn more about daniela 





faculty
dr. christine freaney
nutrition science and health promotion
fsc's christine freaney, phd, inspires student success and belonging. 
learn more about christine 





staff
dr. dylan  gafarian
research aligned mentorship (ram) program director
fsc's dylan gafarian, edd, shares positivity and an unforgettable college experience
                     as research aligned mentorship (ram) program director.
learn more about dylan  





alumni
george "chip" gorman
criminal justiceclass of 1987
chip gorman, ’87, touches millions of lives overseeing long island’s state parks.
learn more about george "chip" 





alumni
marco iorio
electrical engineering technologyclass of 2024
anyone wondering about the benefits of internships can reach out to marco iorio, ‘24.
                     not only has the electrical engineering technology major had three, each helped him
                     cultivate different skills. after earning a phd, he plans to enter the industry.
learn more about marco 





alumni
joanne johnson
architectural engineering technologyclass of 2024
opportunities for practical experience on and off campus (including habitat for humanity)
                     and connections with professors made fsc an ideal place to prepare for an architectural
                     engineering technology career, said joanne johnson, ’24.
learn more about joanne 





faculty
dr. brian kelly
center for criminal justice studiesassistant professor
dr. brian kelly uses body cameras in his criminal justice studies' classes to give
                     students experience using current law enforcement equipment. 
learn more about brian 





alumni
rushi kota
automotive engineering technologyclass of 2009
actor rushi kota came to farmingdale with one plan and left with new insights and
                     ambitions. he credits fsc with giving him a range of experiences and opportunities
                     that have contributed to his development as an actor.
learn more about rushi 





faculty
eugene kwak
architecture & construction managementassistant professor
after eugene kwak began researching food systems, regional food access, and the loss
                     of farmers, he decided to dig in with his project to encourage farming and make it
                     more sustainable. 
learn more about eugene 





alumni
khadeeja maqsood
applied economics, business managementclass of 2023
an internship with the new york state assembly introduced applied economics major
                     khadeeja maqsood '23 to the world of politics and gave her new career options to consider.
                     the talented alumna has many opportunities open to her. 
                     												
learn more about khadeeja 





alumni
sydney mccrea
medical laboratory scienceclass of 2023
learning and working in a professional-level laboratory setting with industry-experienced
                     instructors has assured sydney mccrea,’23, that fsc has what it takes to prepare her
                     for a certification test and a career in medical laboratory science.
learn more about sydney 





alumni
jenna natale
professional communicationsclass of 2016
jenna natale, ’16, has skillfully parlayed her degree into a successful career spotlighting,
                     and inspiring, others in her community. 
learn more about jenna 





alumni
elena ortiz
applied psychologyclass of 2023
elena ortiz, '23, aspires to help others through law enforcement.
learn more about elena 





student
genevieve paraszczuk
law enforcement technology, sport management, chemistry class of 2025
why have one major when you can have two-and-a-half? genevieve paraszczuk,’25, plans
                     to use her unusual degree combination of sport management, law enforcement technology,
                     and a chemistry minor to study forensics after graduating from fsc.
learn more about genevieve 





faculty
dr. peter park
bioscience
fsc's dr. peter park shares his passion for aquatic life. 
learn more about peter 





alumni
aidan reilly
professional communicationsclass of 2018
aidan reilly always saw himself working at disney--and now he is. he has tried several
                     different roles with the company so far and is grateful for his experience as a rambassador.
                     
learn more about aidan 





alumni
amanda reilly
visual communicationsclass of 2013
amanda reilly, known sometimes for bold and bizarre artwork, credits her visual communications
                     professors with helping to shape her career as a designer and an illustrator.
learn more about amanda 





alumni
kalena ricketts
nursing class of 2024
kalena ricketts, ’24, balances it all, on the court and in the classroom. 
learn more about kalena 





alumni
joseph rothenberg
applied science in electrical technologyclass of 1964
during a six-decade career in aerospace, joseph rothenberg, ’64, impacted almost every
                     aspect of the constantly evolving industry.
learn more about joseph 





alumni
lori rothschild ansaldi
business management and communicationsclass of 1994
true-crime producer lori rothschild ansaldi, '94, investigates wrongful conviction
                     claims
learn more about lori 





alumni
javiera  saba
civil engineering technologyclass of 2023
born into a family with engineering leanings, javiera saba, ‘23, felt the pull and
                     with a degree in civil engineering technology, she will be the first female engineer
                     in her family. she is looking forward to working in transportation.
learn more about javiera  





student
kenia sanchez
science, technology, & society class of 2025
kenia sanchez plans to be a doctor, and will use the experience from her internship
                     with the long island library resources council to help on her journey.
learn more about kenia 





alumni
deo  singh
nutrition scienceclass of 2023
deo singh, '23 digs into nutrition after military and public service. 
learn more about deo  





faculty
prof. orla smyth lopiccolo
architecture and construction managementprofessor
architecture professor orla smyth lopiccolo scours long island every year for public
                     and non-profits' buildings in need of renovations, and assigns her students to draw
                     up blueprints for improvements.
learn more about orla 





alumni
tunisia solomon
applied mathematicsclass of 2018
the flying bug hit tunisia solomon hard while she was at fsc, and she has had two
                     missions since: to get her pilot's license and encourage other women and minorities
                     to pursue aviation.  
learn more about tunisia 





alumni
carol sung
interaction designclass of 2023
having amassed work experience and numerous awards, carol sung is eager to apply her
                     interaction design skills to new challenges in the industry. 
learn more about carol 





alumni
clyde vanel
aviation administrationclass of 1997
from the ins and outs of the judicial system as a skilled intellectual property attorney,
                     serving as an honorable member of the new york state legislature, and owning and operating
                     multiple businesses, to piloting an emergency aircraft landing, clyde vanel, ’97,
                     continues soaring to new heights.
learn more about clyde 





staff
rena varghese
nexus center for applied learning & career developmentexecutive director 
the nexus center's rena varghese, esq., originally saw her career unfolding in a law
                     office, not on a college campus. but she has found her niche helping students, especially
                     first-generation ones, set a career path.
                     												
learn more about rena 





student
kelly wylie
mechanical engineering technologyclass of 2025
kelly wylie, ’25, is building a career and a community at fsc. 
learn more about kelly 















2350 broadhollow roadfarmingdale, ny 11735-1021934-420-2000
get directions
8:30 am – 5:00 pm







academic programs
school of arts & sciences
school of business
school of engineering technology
santmann school of health sciences




about us
accreditation
admissions office
athletics
campus calendar




community engagement
disability services
diversity, equity & inclusion
news & media center
contact us






© 2025 farmingdale state college. all rights reserved.


accessibility
emergency policy
employment
privacy policy
sitemap





facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin







logged out
you have successfully logged out of myfsc.
for security reasons, please exit your web browser.mac users should quit their web browser.


















 










last modified 2/12/25
