































































bryan college station eagle | breaking news | read bryan, tx and texas breaking news. get latest news, events and information on texas sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















63°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



business



crime



nation & world



politics



state



education



land and livestock post



news tip




obituaries


find an obituary



share a story




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



aggie sports



professional




lifestyles


art & theatre



movies & tv



music



event calendar



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



worship directory




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads 



special sections



the eagle archives 




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



faq



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









63°
cloudy
























        
        
            a&m baseball's game vs. mcneese tonight postponed due to expected inclement weather

texas a&m's tuesday baseball game against mcneese at olsen field has been postponed due to impending inclement weather.

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            texas a&m swimming & diving teams competing at secs under anderson

texas a&m swimmers and divers start postseason play under first-year director of swimming blaire anderson. 

















        
        
            18th-ranked alabama starts strong in victory over texas a&m

alabama's offense had a great shooting night in beating texas a&m

















        
        
            consol, rudder girls face state-ranked teams in regional semis

the a&m consolidated and rudder girls are the only bryan-college station teams remaining in the uil basketball playoffs.

















        
        
            rudder starts off on the right foot with an opening-day win over giddings

“i mean that’s just what we need to start our season, very first inning, [my] very first at-bat, hit a double and then steal home."

















        
        
            brazos valley athlete of the week honor roll for feb. 10-feb. 16

ellis took home the athlete of the week award by helping the rudder girls basketball team advance to the regional semifinals of the class 5a-ii playoffs










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            5 thoughts on texas a&m baseball’s opening series sweep over elon


















        
        
            watch: rudder's jayden gonzalez & cody billings talk after the opening day win


















        
        
            vote now for the brazos valley athlete of the week















                
                the latest


















        
        
            calendar for wednesday, feb. 19

wednesday 





















        
        
            bryan-college station neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published today in bryan-college station eagle. 




















        
        
            calendar for tuesday, feb. 18

tuesday 





















        
        
            bryan-college station neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in bryan-college station eagle. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            florida state preview: grace sparks, kennedy powell




















        
        
            florida state preview: trisha ford




















        
        
            us authorities continuing investigation into passenger jet and army helicopter crash, ap explains




















        
        
            southwest airlines to cut 15% of corporate workforce amid struggles












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            arellano's rbi single leads college station softball team past clear springs

dallis arellano's rbi single broke a tie in the seventh and it was enough for the college station softball team as the lady cougars won at clear springs on monday.












        
        
            centerville baseball team run-rules buffalo to open 2025 season

on the mound, wyatt kelly and wyatt burleson combined for four hits and four strikeouts in five innings.




















        
        
            a&m consolidated baseball team run-ruled on opening day

the tigers will next be at the pflugerville tournament on friday and saturday. 




















        
        
            here's a look at the high school area baseball teams going into the 2025 season

here's a look at the high school area baseball teams including last year's record, returning starters and newcomers.  













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            21 best clean protein powder

affiliate content. find the 21 best clean protein powders packed with high-quality ingredients, free from artificial additives, and designed to support your health and fitness journey.












contributor








        
        
            celebrate innovation day with these 11 ways to foster creativity in your business operations

contributor content. when you embrace creativity as a driving force behind business success, you can honor innovation day and prioritize continuous creative development.












contributor








        
        
            7 gifts to shower your pups with love on national love your pet day

contributor content. national love your pet day is a perfect opportunity to shower your furry friend with the extra care and attention they deserve.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            chi- st joseph regional health



                                        chi accounts payable support center -6720-6940117, littleton, co 80163
                                    






















        
        
            fitzpatrick real estate group llc



                                        5300 vintage oaks, college station, tx 77845
                                    






















        
        
            international leadership texas/medium giant marketing



                                        1954 commerce street, dallas, tx 75201
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

land and livestock post

newsletters

myaggienation

rack locations

join our team

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

licensing

dealer returns

printing services

curated commerce






                        © copyright 2025
                        the eagle, 1729 briarcrest drive bryan, tx 77802
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






weekend things to do

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































