






awesome powerpoint graphics - awesome pictures for powerpoint presentations









 





   



 

  




powerpoint pictures
more info
order
contacts
presentationhints & tips
customers
testimonials
what's new






 





powerpoint graphics for powerpoint presentation software

specially designed unique pictures / graphics / photos and images to enhance your powerpoint presentations.


dollars
business
themes
world globes
jigsaw puzzle
themes


medical
education
finance
maps
safety
graphs


choose from pictures and graphic images. all our powerpoint graphics are optimized to work with powerpoint presentations. download individual powerpoint graphics today for only $5, or choose 10 images for only $40. or if you prefer why not order every graphic and picture we make on 1 awesome cd-rom ($299). view the pictures, pay and download in just a few
minutes. apply awesome presentation pictures to your tired looking presentation and turn it into an awesome show stopper.

you can tell a standard powerpoint presentation by the over use of the supplied standard office clip art. make your presentation stand out from the crowd - use awesome pictures for powerpoint presentation software.

professional graphics for powerpoint
"awesome presentation graphics enhance any powerpoint presentation"taj simmons - microsoft powerpoint mvp
all the graphics were creatively designed for on-screen presentations. they will look fantastic whether displayed on-screen or projected onto a large screen. as an added bonus they can also be used handouts and notes pages. high quality, low cost, all original images "by default!". each graphic is really different from the normal powerpoint clip art. highly stylized powerpoint pictures give your presentation the edge. designed by experienced experts in presentation design.
flexible photos


once purchased, you are free to use awesome presentation pictures for whatever you want. easy to use. full instructions included. royalty free - all pictures are completely royalty free. which means there are no restrictions upon the use of them in presentations and web sites etc. you can create power point presentations and distribute them freely or use the graphics on the web or in any other application. however they cannot be re-sold as graphics or pictures.
click here to see the money powerpoint graphics
we know powerpoint

we have over 22 years experience designing presentations
one of our team (taj simmons) was a microsoft powerpoint mvpdid you know there are only 33 powerpoint mvps in the world!
we know powerpoint inside out
we know how to make awesome presentation pictures for powerpoint
we know how to make your presentation look awesome
we can teach your how to get more out of powerpoint 2007, 2010, 2016

ordering the graphics
choose, buy and download awesome presentation graphics on-line today:


download presentation pictures
simply view and "add to cart" as you go along
checkout, pay then download today
cd-rom of all our presentation graphics
(containing every picture and graphic we make)
free delivery to your address anywhere in the world

awesome benefits
you will soon be creating presentations like the professionals with these graphics, no more presentations that look like all the other powerpoint presentations, stand out from the crowd. imagine the freedom to pick from hundreds of pictures to best present your information.


keeps the audience interested
photos help to create memorable presentations
pictures optimized for use with microsoft powerpoint
images add interest
choose from photos or graphics

tell me more



- see all our pictures for powerpoint presentation software



- more information about our pictures and graphics for use with powerpoint



- ordering information



- contact information



- hints, tips, presentation tutorials and resources







 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 





| home | graphics | more info | order | contact | presentation tips | site map |

the software product "awesome" made by the company "by default" are not affiliated, connected or associated with microsoft corporation.powerpoint® are either registered trademarks or trademarks of microsoft corporation in the united states and/or other countries.

send email to awesome@presentationpictures.com with questions or comments about this web site.
copyright © 2003-2017 "by default" all rights reserved - last modified: may 31, 2017





