


bearing the cost























    
	bearing the cost
	
  
i wish she would grow up. she wasted all her school time wanting to be the age she is now, and she'll waste all the rest of her life trying to stay that age. her whole idea is to race on to the silliest time of one's life as quick as she can and then stop there as long as she can.   
- lewis, "the last battle"
- about susan and how silly she is being, saying that narnia is for children







monday, february 18, 2008



	 
	 money
	 
    


money.money is annoying. tough to make, too easy to spend. i really miss the days of having everything provided gratis at the hand of mom and dad. when it didn't matter how cold it got overnight, because i wasn't paying for the gas. when i could have as many friends over as i wanted, because mom would put out food and i wouldn't have to worry about not eating for the next week. when i could get any new book i wanted because dad would cover it. ahh - those were the good ole days.the trouble with budgeting is that you have to stick to it. i actually love making up budgets; i think it's a carryover from the days of counting, recounting, sorting and resorting my $12.53 worth of coins. but i have never kept a budget yet - i don't think i've ever even made the attempt. i just keep drawing up plans.but now it's come down to the line. my ou account was sent to collections and i have three options: 1. pay in full immediately (umm, impossible). 2. pay within 60 days (very tough). 3. pay in monthly installments (which sounds great, but it involves going through a judge and court/lawyer fees totaling $500 - plus, there's a hold on my transcripts until paid in full and i really need access to those pretty quick). i've figured out that if i stick to this budget, i can manage to pay off the whole amount in two months, with only a bit of help from mom and dad in april (taxes didn't come out in my favor this year). it means being super serious about keeping the budget, and living really meagerly. it means denying myself lots of fun. it means giving up saturdays. it's also only for three months (march-may). after that, i'm free. and i think freedom is worth three months of strict discipline. and i think that it will be great for me to really learn how to keep to a budget. i'm going to use the envelope method, because i spend plastic really easily and can't seem to ever get any of my purchases written down. plus, i've heard good things about this method.



posted by annie @ 5:17 pm  
    	
         2 comments






friday, february 15, 2008



	 
	 out of retirement
	 
    


i haven't posted in over a year. what's happened in the intervening time?late 2006thanksgiving in norman with ian puffenberger and kristen hudecwriting finals for my students without their textbookchristmas in memphisdiploma receivedfriend to rehabroommates dating2007skiing and winter conferenceroommates breaking upeaster hymn sing (coming again soon!)easter lunch at giuliano'send-of-year debaclewriting finals for my 6-8th graders with their book (a much easier task)living with katie and katie for the summersending katie off to peruthe semester of work - averaging 45 hours each week, sometimes working up to 70 hoursrelish retreat to lakehousegirls' trip to dallas - becky, colleen, lauriethe week of cookies - 50 dozen for ou/texas weekend (that's 600 completely decorated cookies)blow out bash for brittany's 24th - 80s prom!thanksgiving in norman at giuliano'scrazy holiday seasonchristmas surprise - catie came home a day early!very sick2008no more fancy that!teaching art appreciation on friday morningsramr 34 completedmoving?!?haminha weekend for relish retreat



posted by annie @ 8:18 pm  
    	
         1 comments






wednesday, november 29, 2006



	 
	 charlie's xmas card
	 
    






posted by annie @ 11:12 pm  
    	
         2 comments






thursday, november 23, 2006



	 
	 i'm thankful for ...
	 
    


today is the day theholidays beginand soon we'll be singingnoel again.know this -santa brings toys, butgod's gift, christincarnate, brings joys.visions of shepherds, angel chorus,incense, gold, myrrh -nativity, glad tidings of a birth!gaude, gaude!emmanuel nascetur pro te, israel!



posted by annie @ 10:16 am  
    	
         1 comments






sunday, november 12, 2006



	 
	 life is ...
	 
    


life is good. here's why:1. i have two jobs and can pay bills2. i have jobs that i enjoy3. i have a weekend (it runs sunday to monday)4. my computer works (this is a blessing that seems to be quickly fading - darn technology)5. i have roommates that are neither perpetually drunk, nor watching sports, nor crazier than i6. i have car insurance (though no health insurance, yet)7. i have a church that i adore, even with her wrinkles8. i have some great girlfriends who love me9. i still love reading - my only hobby that has continually lasted from childhood through adulthood10. people trust me to cater their weddings - what a huge responsibility, but such fun!



posted by annie @ 9:40 pm  
    	
         2 comments






tuesday, october 10, 2006



	 
	 gotta love it...
	 
    


i found this on a friend's away message. it's video of a guy "dancin' through the ages". it brought on simultaneous horror memories of middle and high school, with some ballroom, polka and square dance mixed in.i have no idea how to post you-tube stuff.



posted by annie @ 7:37 pm  
    	
         3 comments






thursday, september 21, 2006



	 
	 and you think you've had a bad day...
	 
    






posted by annie @ 7:54 pm  
    	
         2 comments















about me

name:  annie 
location:  norman, ok 
view my complete profile

links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

money
out of retirement
charlie's xmas card
i'm thankful for ...
life is ...
gotta love it...
and you think you've had a bad day...
for sam
question
and the winner is...

archives

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
february 2008






 



 




