


little nashville opry country bluegrass music theatre entertainment in brown county indiana







country music entertainment

music in little nashville

hotels in little nashville

food in little nashville

country in little nashville

good music, good bands, good fun!

the little nashville opry ~ gone but not forgotten



boot stompin fun in little nashville indiana





click on map to enter this website and learn more about little nashville indiana. home of the little nashville opry for 25 years.








little nashville, indiana...  
nashville indiana,  located in beautiful 
brown county indiana, just one hour south of indianapolis in,
is known to many country music fans as "little nashville".

nashville indiana was home to the little nashville opry for 25 years.
  
the property has been purchased and plans are underway to rebuild the opry.
in the meantime, many brown county adventures await you.


the brown county indiana wedding chapel, 
brown county antique market, 
the brown county indiana art guild, 
old time flea market,
melchior marionettes, the
salt creek golf course,
paint ball valley, 
rawhide ranch,
bean blossom jamboree, the
nashville carmel corn cottage, 
mike's music & dance barn, the
brown county playhouse, the
thebrown county art gallery
& red barn jamboree
all provide a variety of 
country entertainment.

there are many choices of overnight accommodations in little nashville hotels & motels.

be sure to leave time to enjoy brown county state park,
indiana's favorite playground and the unique village known as
little nashville indiana with hundreds of unique shops, art & craft galleries.


nashville indiana is a great place for a girlfriends get-a-way, a family
vacation, a gatlinburg style wedding or, romantic honeymoon or anniversary getaway weekend.

there is so much to do, see and experience in little nashville indiana.  
stay overnight in a brown county log cabin or country inn.  
get married in little nashville indiana.
visit the bill monroe bluegrass hall of fame.
play paintball, go mountain biking, take a canoe or atv tour.
visit foxfire fall market or the spring maple syrup festival.  hunt morels.


good food, good music, good fun!




brown county indiana links


some of our favorite little nashville indiana links include:


the cornerstone inn bed & breakfast 

is right downtown.  
it is close to shops & the brown county playhouse theatre and has a breakfast to die for.
other lodgings right downtown are the artists colony inn and the hotel nashville.


if a vacation cabin is what you want check out 

brown county log cabins. 
 
hills o' brown manages over 50
vacation cabins in and near little nashville, indiana.   many of those cabins have 

handcrafted furniture 

made in southern indiana of real hickory wood.


if you are looking to buy retirement real estate 
in brown county indiana you may need a good real estate lawyer right downtown.
 




music in little nashville /

hotels in little nashville /

food in little nashville /

country in little nashville /









this page updated 2018 by log cabin web design in brown county indiana


