  oldest restaurant in london. it serves traditional british food
      

skip to main content




menu
book a table






shop

cart
0

login

book a table


close
reservation informationour menusprivate eventsthe john betjeman roomthe graham greene roomshopthe cocktail barthe winter gardenshistory of rulescontactmedia & press
login

facebook


instagram


youtube


situated in maiden lane, covent gardenlondon's oldest restaurantestablished by thomas rule in 1798established in 1798, rules is london’s oldest restaurant, steeped in over two centuries of history. renowned for its classic british cuisine, timeless charm, and rich heritage, it has welcomed generations of diners, including literary greats and celebrated figures. a true institution, rules continues to honor its traditions while offering a uniquely historic dining experience.

food and drink
view our menus




come visit us
make a reservation




the winter garden
find out more




rules merchandise
go to the shop




the cocktail bar
read more



a story from the pastrules continues to thrive as london’s oldest restaurant and one of the most celebrated in the world. over its remarkable 200-year history, spanning the reigns of ten monarchs, it has been owned by just four families, preserving its unique heritage and timeless appeal.

read about rules' history





private events at ruleshost your next event in style at rules restaurant, london. our elegant private dining rooms—the graham greene and sir john betjeman—offer the perfect setting for intimate gatherings, business meetings, and special occasions. with timeless charm, exceptional service, and award-winning cuisine, these spaces ensure a truly memorable experience.

find out more


oldest restaurant in londonunique and irreplaceable

book a table


enjoy the winter gardens at rulesrelax with a cocktail at rules

book a table
stay up to datejoin our newsletter to find out about the latest news, stories and offers at rules.

sign up to our list







first name

last name

email address


submit


i agree to receive updates about rules and agree to the terms and conditions and privacy notice.





quicklinks




media & pressshop terms & conditionssitemapprivacy noticecookie noticemanage cookies

policies & notices






facebook


instagram


youtube
registered address:35 maiden lane, covent garden,
london, wc2e 7lbcompany no:03428308


© 2025 rules restaurant
created at the hideoutcookieswe use cookies to improve your experience on our website and to show you personalised content. you can allow all or manage them individually.
accept all
reject all
manage
    

close gdpr cookie settings



cookie overview


essential cookies


tracking cookies


cookie policy

cookie overview
this website uses cookies so we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. you can adjust your preferences below.
essential cookiesessential cookies are enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. these cookies do not collect any personal or sensitive information or ip addresses. furthermore, the information they store is not sent to any 3rd parties.

enable or disable cookies



tracking cookiesthis website uses third party cookies such as google analytics to collect anonymous information, for example the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.

enable or disable cookies


strictly required message - add custom details hereplease enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
cookie policymore information about our cookie policy
accept all
reject all
save changes
powered by  gdpr cookie compliance





