
















cla (cliftonlarsonallen) | cpas, consultants, wealth advisors






























































                        main menu
                    



                                        who we serve
                                        










                                        what we do
                                        










                                        who we are
                                        










                                        insights
                                    



                                        careers
                                    














                                contact us
                            



                                events
                            



                                locations
                            


client login


client hq


pay cla bill online


acs


assurance information exchange


bill.com


cla connected


cla document portal


email subscriptions


isolved


sage intacct


wealth advisory dashboard




);">select languageenglisharabicbulgarianchinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)croatianczechdanishdutchfinnishfrenchgermangreekhindiitalianjapanesekoreannorwegianpolishportugueseromanianrussianspanishswedishcatalanfilipinohebrewindonesianlatvianlithuanianslovenianukrainianvietnamesealbanianestonianhungarianmaltesethaiturkishafrikaansirishwelshicelandicyiddisharmenianurdubengalibosnianhmonglaomongolianpunjabisomalizulusudaneseuzbekcorsicanscottish gaelic








































                                experience our data-driven difference
                            

                                ai-powered technology can enhance operations and deliver new value.
                            



                                                go digital
                                            















                                wealth advisory
                            











                                digital
                            











                                audit
                            











                                tax
                            











                                consulting and outsourcing
                            























                        opportunity abounds
                    

                        helping you is our passion
                    

                        cla is committed to creating opportunities for our clients, our people, and our communities. we’re one family, working together, to provide those opportunities.
                    

                        why choose cla?
                    












                        it's about you
                        

                        where is your there?
                    

                        cla brings balance to get you where you want to go.
                    

                        get started
                    






            insights
        



                        recently published
                    








                                                    blog
                                                

                                                    2/17/2025
                                                


                                        mid-market manufacturers: 10 steps to reduce tariff exposure
                                    









                                                    article
                                                

                                                    2/17/2025
                                                


                                        the impact of trump's tariffs: a comprehensive analysis
                                    





                            see all recently published
                        







                        trending
                    








                                                    article
                                                

                                                    12/26/2024
                                                


                                        5 fast facts on beneficial ownership information reporting
                                    









                                                    article
                                                

                                                    2/12/2025
                                                


                                        new tax relief in federal disaster areas: learn the benefits
                                    






                        events
                    








                                                    event
                                                

                                                    2/18/2025
                                                


                                        bisnow’s los angeles multifamily cre summit
                                    









                                                    event
                                                

                                                    2/18/2025
                                                


                                        securely harnessing the power of data | charlotte, nc
                                    





                            see all events
                        







see all insights












                        client experience
                        

                        pushing forward as one
                    

                        to assemble a team with the broad perspective you expect, we foster an inclusive culture that thrives on different beliefs. by welcoming and respecting our clients and each other, we can experience success together.
                    

                        get to know us
                    





experience the cla promise
custom information and insights delivered straight to your inbox.
subscribe


 
 










































get to know us

contact us
locations
directory
about
careers
alumni
global affiliation
logos



get started

client login
pay cla bill online
email subscriptions
industries
services
resources
cla blogs
webinars
media



call us at  1-888-529-2648.
privacy policy
terms of use and disclaimers

cliftonlarsonallen wealth advisors, llc disclaimers
© 2025 cliftonlarsonallen. all rights reserved. "cliftonlarsonallen" and "cla" refer to cliftonlarsonallen llp.
investment advisory services are offered through cliftonlarsonallen wealth advisors, llc, an sec-registered investment advisor.




cliftonlarsonallen is a minnesota llp, with more than 130 locations across the united states. the minnesota certificate number is 00963. the california license number is 7083. the maryland permit number is 39235. the new york permit number is 64508. the north carolina certificate number is 26858. if you have questions regarding individual license information, please contact elizabeth spencer.
cla (cliftonlarsonallen llp), an independent legal entity, is a network member of cla global, an international organization of independent accounting and advisory firms. each cla global network firm is a member of cla global limited, a uk private company limited by guarantee. cla global limited does not practice accountancy or provide any services to clients. cla (cliftonlarsonallen llp) is not an agent of any other member of cla global limited, cannot obligate any other member firm, and is liable only for its own acts or omissions and not those of any other member firm. similarly, cla global limited cannot act as an agent of any member firm and cannot obligate any member firm. the names “cla global” and/or “cliftonlarsonallen,” and the associated logo, are used under license.
transparency in coverage machine-readable files


















