






remember to tip the pizza delivery driver








pizza driver homepage









































please tip the driver
some people are not aware of this. i didn't know for a 
long time. you're supposed to tip the pizza delivery driver like you tip the 
waiter. they rely on tips and use their own car. this site will explore your 
questions about tipping and how you can speed up the delivery time.

your tips are greatly appreciated. it's what keeps 
drivers moving.

do they earn the tip?
absolutely. drivers perform a service by bringing 
dinner to your door. they take on financial costs and difficulties, more than 
most people realize. pizza delivery is considered a hazardous job by the us 
government. they are third most likely to be murdered on the job, right after 
police officer and taxi driver.

what about the delivery charge?
the delivery charge is a separate fee that stays with 
  the store and is not associated with the driver. stores use it as a hidden 
  cover charge to disguise lower advertised prices. the national chains keep the 
  fee for themselves. they compensated their drivers for gas prior to enacting the fee. local independent stores might give the fee to the driver 
  for gas or hourly wages, but that is not part of the tip. the tip is unaffected. 
  tips are based on the bill amount after any delivery charge. more 
  information
search








if you enjoy this website and would like to make a donation, click the "donate" paypal button.








news
possible 
	wage decrease for tipped employees in arizona and florida state 
	legislators need your input to stop proposed cut in tipped minimum wage.
how can 
	anyone justify tip credit for drivers? an op-ed from the moderator of 
	our discussion board
skycaps win 
  lawsuit against baggage handling fee which is the same idea as the 
	delivery charge at a pizza store

pizza drivers feel gas pinch, 
  delivery charge hurts not helps

test your 
  knowledge of pizza trivia in this jeopardy-style game

hall of shame 
  award goes to papa john's in norwood, oh for firing a driver for being 
  robbed at gunpoint

class action 
  lawsuit against pizza hut by drivers in california for low mileage 
  reimbursement, misleading delivery charge

pizza hut does 
  not value life about the firing of an indianapolis driver for defending 
  his life against an armed robber


  arming delivery drivers a tossup for pizzerias from indystar

our statement about 
  the proposed domino's $1 delivery charge, written when it started back in 
	2002
sign the petition to congress to 
  improve work conditions for pizza delivery drivers


  driver fired for helping a gunshot victim and the store owner said, "she 
  was away from her job for no good reason"
purpose
the purpose of this site is to raise awareness that pizza delivery drivers are 
tipped employees. they deserve more respect than the negative stereotype. we 
also aim to educate the public about house numbers and other ways customers can 
speed their delivery time and make the process more enjoyable for themselves.
we are a group of former drivers from different stores who feel short changed by 
the number of customers who did not tip. we are an independent organization and 
do not reflect the views of any pizza store or chain. we are not sanctioned by 
any pizza store or chain. those who may currently deliver are not trying to 
solicit tips but are crying out against an injustice that was done to them. 
thank you for visiting. please spread the word.
	






since you enjoy having it delivered, 
	please tip the driver






tip calculator
find out how much the tip should be on your order. the smallest tip is three dollars.

order amount:
   
   
suggested tip:

   
grand total:








	online poll
if you ordered from a national pizza company, did you ever notice a message on the side of the pizza box saying the delivery charge is not a tip?

 yes
 no













discuss the poll on the board

earlier poll results

photo gallery

		you have to see this. a pizza store has "tipthepizzaguy.com" on its 
		overhead sign. we dare you to put that on your business or private sign.



in memory of jeff carpenter, 1985-2007. 
click here for more information.

banners

available here. put a tipthepizzaguy.com banner on your 
website.
contact us


 to send an email with your questions, ideas, comments, or suggestions for this 
site.



web awards





a pick of the week, the best of the web


 









click here to try to win the award



		 

 



© copyright 1998-2023 tipthepizzaguy. all rights reserved.

last updated: march 1, 2023
return to top

