  














home: department of radiology: feinberg school of medicine
    

 

 

 


























skip to main content










feinberg school of medicine
northwestern medicine | northwestern university
news center | faculty profiles
northwestern university feinberg school of medicinedepartment of radiology


 



department of radiology home

about

about us overview
chair's message
communications team
employment opportunities
alumni
news
newsletter
giving
contact us



education

education overview
case of the month

fellows

fellowship overview
uim research summer fellowship


medical students
residents
phd students
medical imaging science training program

continuing medical education

continuing medical education overview
cmr northwestern (cardiovascular mri course)


starzl academy for physician-scientist training
video library



research

research overview
areas of research

research imaging collaboration office (rico)

research overview
performance & statistics
rico committee


research office at radiology (roar)
grants & awards
publications
core facilities


patient care

divisions

divisions overview
body imaging
breast imaging
cardiovascular and thoracic imaging
emergency radiology
musculoskeletal imaging
interventional neuroradiology
neuroradiology
nuclear medicine
pediatric radiology
vascular interventional radiology


faculty

professional development

professional development overview
wellness
mentorship



health equity








search








educating future leaders in radiology. faculty & staff: visit our internal website for additional resources.
the faculty and staff of the northwestern university feinberg school of medicine’s department of radiology are committed to educating future leaders of our field, conducting innovative research and providing exceptional patient care and service to physicians through our affiliated care sites and hospitals.
about us
what we doeducationlearn about our residency and fellowship programs, as well as our professional development efforts.get trainingresearchresearch is one of our department’s top priorities. explore our faculty members’ latest scientific endeavors.see their workmedical divisionsour experienced faculty provide specialized training, research and patient care related to a number of specialties. explore our divisions to learn more about our areas of expertise.
explore our divisionsfaculty spotlightamir ali rahsepardr. amir ali rahsepar is an assistant professor of radiology at northwestern university. he completed his residency in diagnostic radiology at yale new haven health, bridgeport hospital, and his clinical fellowship in cardiothoracic imaging at ucla. his research is dedicated to advancing imaging techniques for cardiovascular and thoracic conditions, with a particular focus on leveraging artificial intelligence to improve diagnostic accuracy and patient care.madhvi deolmadhvi deol is an assistant professor of radiology in the division of body imaging at northwestern university. she completed a diagnostic radiology residency at brigham and women’s hospital and a clinical fellowship in abdominal imaging at ucla. her clinical interests lay at the intersection of medical imaging and abdominopelvic disease, with particular interest in female gynecologic imaging. dr. deol is additionally involved in various initiatives related to quality improvement and wellness. she is currently participating in the scholars of wellness program and co-leads the departmental wellness committee.kyungpyo hongkyungpyo hong, phd, is a research assistant professor in radiology with broad knowledge in medical imaging. his research has focused on advancing cardiovascular magnetic resonance (mr) imaging techniques associated with various heart diseases. leveraging a deep understanding of mr physics, he specialized in developing novel mr pulse sequences tailored for cardiac conditions, along with corresponding image reconstruction methods. in particular, he has extensive experience in developing comprehensive mr imaging methods for patients with cardiac implantable electronic devices (cied).case of the monthdecember 2024: chemotherapy toxicityread the case of the month.  
history: a female patient presented to the emergency department with her family for progressive confusion. she had a history of pelvic malignancy which was currently being treated with chemotherapy. there were no focal neurologic deficits on physical exam. imaging of the brain was ordered.
read this case along with the residentsconnect with usnewsaar/amser publishes case of the month featuring work by dr. alexander nemeth and dr. judith gadde remembering influential radiologist lee rogersthrombectomy does not improve outcomes for patients with large strokesimproving next-generation cancer treatmentsmore news

back to top



follow radiology on facebooktwitterinstagramlinkedinabouteducationresearchpatient caredivisionsfacultyprofessional development 
                        department of radiology676 n. st. clair st.suite 800chicago, il 60611chicago campus mapchicago campus mapnorthwestern university feinberg school of medicinegivingsocial media centerfacebooktwitterlinkedinyoutubeinstagrampodcast© 2025 northwestern universitycontact northwestern universitycareersdisclaimercampus emergency informationuniversity policiesreport an accessibility issue

 





 



