




welcome to goshen fire district | home page



























if anyone has any goshen fire district memorabilia please contact secretary roberts                    check out the media gallery to see your firemen and women in action.                    please remember to check your smoke detectors                    

























home
department info
our companies
fire district
news & photos
apparatus gallery
fire prevention
volunteer
firematic links

































cpr classes

interested in a cpr class. the minisink hook & ladder company offers cpr classes. please go to  www.goshencpr.com/registration to see when classes are offered and to register. 











disabled veterans association
on the third thursday of each month the dikeman engine & hose company hosts the disable veterans association in their meeting room. this meeting is open to all veterans. if you would like more information or need assistance with any type of benefit please contact pete & laura rollins at 845-291-1197








                 
            




	the goshen fire department consists of three fire companies, the cataract engine & hose co., the dikeman engine & hose co. and the minisink hook & ladder co. we operate out of three fire stations, strategically located in the goshen fire district - goshen, orange county, ny. the goshen fire department was formed in 1843 as a volunteer department. many years later we still remain 100% volunteer! the department currently has 180 active volunteers and has responds to an average of 550 calls a year over the past few years. the members of this department average over 5,500 hours in training, drilling, and schooling each year.

	over the past two years, the department's fire prevention/education program has reached over 10,500 residents and students, with members accumulating over 1,000 hours in fire prevention related activities.

	the goshen fire department responds to fire and emergency calls twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, fifty-two weeks a year. the well-trained and dedicated members of our fire department continue to selflessly and voluntarily serve the community in a professional manner!







 







                the mission of the goshen volunteer fire department is to provide the residents, merchants, and visitors of the goshen fire district with the highest degree of fire protection, rescue, fire safety education, and mitigation of emergency and non-emergency incidents in a professional manner with minimal damage to property while keeping the safety and well being of our members as our utmost ...more






november 21, 2024- approved minutes click hereoctober 17, 2024 -approved minutes click here2025 meeting dates click hereadopted 2025 budget click hereseptember 19, 2024 minutes - approved click here

view all











  check this section of our website each & every time you visit us to keep up with the latest news from the department & district as well as website updates.
  





filled with helpful links and information of fire safety and preventions tips. there are games for the kids and downloadable educational flyers.
    






visit our multimedia gallery to see us in action, training, at incidents and marching proudly in pardes. there are also interesting links to more multimedia.
  

















home  |   department info  |   our companies  |   fire district  |   news & photos  |   apparatus gallery  |   calendar    |   fire prevention   |   volunteer
firematic links   |   members area only  |   communications desk 

website by belsito communications inc.










