




 


































preaching.com - sermons, illustrations, & encouragement for ministry

























 









 







sermons

sermon topics
contributors


sermon illustrations
church leadership
articles
 


















get 30 free sermons










































sermons sermon topics
contributors

sermon illustrations
church leadership
articles
 


 
 preaching & church leadership ideas 

 

guard your flock: how to recognize a bad pastor’s impact






 

captivating sermon topics to ignite spiritual growth






 

master the message: crafting a compelling sermon outline






 

7 ways to ignite passion and creativity in developing sermon ideas






 

unlocking the power: definitions of preaching styles




 sermon ideas for preaching





gentle hearts: how kindness reflects christ’s character
 
as followers of christ, we are called to embody his character and demonstrate his love to others. one essential aspect of christ's character is kindness, which encompasses a gentle spirit, compassion, and self...  continue reading...







in his grip: resting in the promise of romans 8:28
 
think for a moment about the challenges you've faced, the trials that have tested your faith, and the moments when you felt overwhelmed by life's circumstances. during these struggles, have you ever wondered i...  continue reading...







a mighty fortress: reflecting on god’s power in psalm 46
 
psalm 46 serves as a beacon of hope and assurance in the face of adversity, uncertainty, and chaos. it reminds us that even when the earth gives way, and the mountains crumble into the sea, god remains our mig...  continue reading...







a timeless message: contemplating the cross in john 3:16
 
today, we turn our attention to one of the most well-known and beloved verses in the bible—john 3:16. it has been called the "golden verse," and rightly so, for it encapsulates the heart of the gospel and the ...  continue reading...


 
view more sermons













like us on facebook






 church growth & leadership tips 

 

building a preaching team: how and why we have changed our preaching calendar

quite a few people have spoken to me about how they have noticed that the preaching calendar has changed at bbc this yea...  continue reading...




 

volunteers – how to find them, train them, and keep them


“and he gave the apostles, the prophets, the evangelists, the shepherds and teachers, to equip the saints for the work...  continue reading...




 

how to shepherd your flock in a politically charged world

everything gets politicized these days. it’s never been easier for churches to also get caught up in waves of political ...  continue reading...


 

 

the importance of accountability, confession and friendship

my friend clayton king, who has never served as a senior pastor (and had not expected to), suddenly found himself leadin...  continue reading...




 

leading today one committed life

we only have a so much time on this earth. how are you investing the years you've been allotted?




 

leading today: numbers that count

while statisticians can count heads in households, they cannot measure the contents of hearts or to whom hearts belong.


 









 sermon illustrations 

 

lack of control


life can be a roller coaster. there are ups, downs, curves, and all sorts of twists and turns you do not control. however, the roller coaster is still headed t...  continue reading...




 

bag full of wicked things





 

what empowered the bang?





 

part of our unit





 

obedience (sami jo)



 
view more illustrations
 church jobsfrom churchstaffingfield representativefca - fellowship of christian athletesaustin, texasdesert hills assistant pastorvanderbloemen search groupscottsdale, arizonacollege and connections pastornettleton baptist churchjonesboro, arkansasstudent pastorbayside churchroseville, californiayouth ministry fellowdavidson fellows - storyhill churchdavidson, north carolinaview more jobs



about us
 

privacy policy
ccpa – do not sell my personal information
california – ccpa notice
 

 preaching.com is a leading resource that provides tools and ideas for pastors and church leaders to help them lead well. from ideas on sermon topics to how to develop church growth to insight on ministry life, preaching helps pastors develop every area of life and work in ministry.

 



© 2023 preaching.com. all rights reserved.


 
 
 













































 
