  






weddingstar | personalized gifts, wedding favors, and décor



















  







  the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.    javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.            skip to content currency usd - us dollar aud - australian dollar eur - euro       sign infaq  create an account                

    sign increate an account  my cart       gifts  corporate gifts  wedding  stationery  bridal shower  bachelorette party  top deals       gifts    corporate gifts    wedding    stationery    bridal shower    bachelorette party    top deals   
faqs
track my order
my account
contact us
sign out
sitewide sale!free shipping on orders over $125  detailssitewide sale!free shipping on orders over $125  detailsclearance flash sale! shop now →extra 15% off clearance items. use code clear15 at checkout.free shipping details:
please note the following exceptions will apply:

free shipping applies to orders within north america only (contiguous united states and canada)
qualifying amount applies to product value only
qualifying amount excludes personalization fees, setup fees, or applicable taxes
bulk glassware, personalized playing cards, heavy or bulky items are not available for free shipping option
if your location is deemed remote by fedex, free shipping is not available. this will show in the checkout.
close               totes blowoutup to 75% off!*sale ends 02/24/25shop nowpersonalized giftsfor everyoneshop nowpersonalizedbridesmaid giftsshop now

shop gifts

shop women’s gifts
shop men’s gifts
shop kid’s gifts
shop bridesmaid gifts
shop groomsmen gifts
top trending personalized gifts more personalized gift ideas      personalized flasks      personalized robes & pyjamas      personalized gift boxes + packaging      personalized tote bags & travel bags      "excellent!"rated 4.6 out of 5 based on 8,400+ reviewsweddingfavors, reception, ceremony, décor + moreshop nowtop rated favors wedding style ideas      modern floral      love wreath      rustic love      greenerystationery by typewedding invitations, save the dates, day of stationery, wine labels and more.shop by typestationery collectionsa wide range of exclusive designs ready to be personalized by you!shop by collectionmore face masks + accessories bridal showerdecorations, favors, partyware + moreshop nowbridal shower theme ideas   
garden party   
bridal brunch   
blushing bride   
aloha   
she got scooped up   
bridal tea party   
she said yes!   
love wreathbachelorettepartyapparel, partyware, decorations, favors + moreshop nowbachelorette party theme ideas   
beach + pool   
las vegas   
final fiesta   
country girls   
kissing the single life goodbye   
tropical vibes
nautical   
mermaid   
party like a princess   
hot glam   
girl's night inweddingstar - personalized gifts, décor, and inspiration to make your celebration unique 
remarkable personalized gifts for every occasion  
as a recognized leader in the wedding industry, we at weddingstar have expanded our focus to be more comprehensive and have developed a stylish, modern line of personalized products and accessories. if you’re looking for a unique gift for that special someone, look no further. we’ve got a gift to fit every occasion. explore exciting, inexpensive collections of everyday essentials, travel necessities, apparel, housewares, and glassware. we choose many of our products in our gift line specifically because they’re ideal for personalization. printed with specialty designs, names, or monograms, you can customize each gift to fit the person. whether you’re looking for a birthday present, thank you gift, housewarming gift, and, of course, we’ve got a wide range of choices that are perfect for your bridesmaid and groomsman favors. take advantage of our affordable prices and unique designs! on-trend wedding essentials for personalized favors, reception, ceremony, décor, and more 
at weddingstar we pride ourselves on providing inexpensive products to help you recognize timeless wedding traditions, like our personalized napkins and cute wedding toppers, but stay current enough to bring you modern, on-trend products that make your wedding day unique to you. personalize your wedding day from the stationery all the way to the centerpieces and signage. weddingstar has the key elements you need to inspire and encourage your wedding journey. our extensive collection of personalized wedding favors help you keep things on-brand and fresh for your guests. we’ve made sure to infuse our décor categories carefully curated decorative pieces that can bring your wedding vision to life. with a selection of decorations to help you build centerpieces, highlight the venue, and enhance the ceremony. we’ve also included ceremony and reception essentials like goodie bags, favor boxes, and guest books to make sure your special day runs smoothly.  
beautiful bridal shower decorations, favors, and partyware 
to help you throw a beautiful bridal shower, weddingstar has created a series of bridal shower themes to make planning the shower effortless. our collection includes unbelievably charming theme-inspired decorations and décor elements that will transform any venue. when browsing our bridal shower themes, you’ll find cute theme-matched sayings and designs. we’ve even assembled themed partyware like balloons, napkins, and more to ensure your bridal shower is stunning and modern.  
awesome bachelorette party apparel, partyware, decorations, and favors 
you want the bridal party to have the best time at the bachelorette and so do we. that’s why we have all the elements you need to throw a fabulous bash. look through collections full of cool, current, and inexpensive personalized items to put the bride’s own stamp on the festivities. apparel like embroidered robes and printed t-shirts so the ladies in your bridal party can go out on the town looking like a team. we’ve even put together a series of theme collections to make your planning easy. filled with theme-matched designs and sayings to keep your celebration fresh and fun.  more  

















  join our party! join our email listget our emails for exclusive deals and fresh inspiration. get in on exclusive deals and fresh inspiration delivered to your inbox.sign up!join our email listget in on exclusive deals and fresh inspiration delivered to your inbox.sign up!how can we help

faqs 
contact us 
job opportunities 
corporate gifting 
about us
shipping info
track an order
return policy
international orders
legal

privacy policy
terms of use

©2025 weddingstar inc.


all rights reserved.

store settings

currency: united states dollars $


units: imperial

change store settings
  
   