




 













 

maryland home inspector services





































































































building inspection & environmental experts serving md, dc & va
click to email us!
(800) 217-7979
















 











 




home
about

services

environmental inspections

mold inspections
radon inspections
well water testing


home inspection services

home inspection
commercial inspection
consulting
historic home inspection
insurance inspections
litigation support
pier & bulkhead inspection
pool & spa inspections
property management inspection
specific inspections


new home inspections

pre-listing inspection
pre-drywall inspection
final walk through




testimonials


blog
request inspection
 


 


 




professional  home  inspections
building specs has been providing home, property and environmental inspections for over 27 years.
click here!










home inspectionsa building specs home inspection is a beneficial service for both home buyers and sellers.learn more
other inspection servicesbuilding specs offers a wide range of residential and commercial inspection services.learn more
recent blog postsget safety and maintenance tips, learn how you can go green and much more in our home inspector blog. learn more



what is a home inspection
in essence, a home inspection is a snapshot of a house on the day of the inspection. it is a non-invasive, visual evaluation of the property's basic structure, the structure's foundation or basement, interior, exterior, roof, electrical, plumbing and heating and cooling systems. the purpose of an inspection is to detect major visible problems, defects or unsafe conditions.
a home inspection may be used to provide information for various purposes. there are pre-purchase inspections, new home construction and one-year walk-through inspections, pre-listing inspections and inspections for the purpose of litigation in construction defect cases.
most often, a home inspection is used to assist a client in making a more informed purchasing decision. the inspector may also educate the buyer as to typical life expectancies, items to budget for replacement as well as how to take care of and maintain the property.
home & commercial inspection services


commercial inspections
home inspections
consulting
specific inspections
historic home inspections
insurance inspections
litigation support
new home inspections
property management inspection
pool & spa inspections
pier & bulkhead inspections


environmental inspection services


mold inspections
well water testing
radon inspections





view all services
request inspection






satisfied customers
arnold, mdhome owner - arnold, md, we loved having gary as our home inspector! we felt like he was very detail-oriented, thorough, professional, knowledgeable and had our interests in mind. definitely recommend him... home owner - arnold, md read moregambrills, md 21054home owner - gambrills, md, gary was excellent and thorough. i walked with him through the house and he explained and answered every question i had. and i had alot.... home owner - gambrills, md read moredebra l.debra l., home ownerfirst of all, let me take a moment to introduce myself. i am debra levay and i am a real estate agent with the clarksville/river hill office... debra l. home ownerread moreeric p.eric p., home ownerthis process of purchasing my first home has been a very stressful ordeal as you have witnessed. your work in making yourself available for inspections at any... eric p. home ownerread more






















 schedule your home inspection
+1 800 217 7979toll free:
info@buildingspecs.com



 building specs of maryland
3540 crain hwy. #502
bowie, maryland 20716









	


	
	

		© 2025 privacy policy

	

	
	
		• building specs • home inspections • environmental inspections • md, dc & va

	
 




 





 







 


























×
				we use cookies - by using this site or closing this you agree to our cookies policy.			



