








welcome to tradeport






































tuesday,
							february
18,
							2025



 
 

text size

 
















































home




trade tutorials




trade library





bibliography




international currency




languages




geography and travels




legal




trade units and terms







market research





california advantages




trade leads




global projects




standards and certifications




country library




california trade statistics




usa & china statistics







news and events





news and events




assistance centers




affiliates







contact us





about us




mailing list








































global trade & investment services

a strategic alliance called the tradeport consortium has been formed between bb wong inc., global-mbita, and ‘the idea project’ providing global trade and investment services to companies and projects throughout the global marketplace.  a special focus is maximizing the benefits of global trade and investment between the u.s. and mexico using the usmca free trade benefits real estate developments that deploy zero-emission infrastructures.click here for press release 



new foreign director of  bilateral global investment 

santa cruz, ca., usa. bb (bernice) brubeck wong, broker in california, usa, has been selected as the foreign director of bilateral global investment for tradeport.org, california’s gateway to global trade and investment. tradeport is managed by global-mbita, a leading global trade promotion service organization in california for over 28 years.
click here or information on mrs. bb wong 
& for more information on the emergency housing recovery units click here


save lives and create jobs in africa

the rural poor of the world with limited electricity and running water are the most susceptible to our virus-challenged planet. mbita in association with idea have joined forces with apesek, a leading ngo in rwanda, for a job-creating program called rural medical services (rms) that will start with a model in rwanda to mitigate covid-19 as well as other diseases that plague our planet. click here for details.







 

















tradeport facilitates global trade  

	tradeport is a repository of free information and resources for  businesses involved in all aspects of global trade. created in 1996, tradeport is supported by an alliance of public and private sector trade promotion  service organizations in california that assist businesses and their foreign counterparts in bilateral trade and investment opportunities.  











tradeport collaborator 

the tradeport collaborator is an online private community of trade promotion service specialists from non-profit organizations and government agencies located throughout california. this intranet is designed to act as a central source of qualified expertise, information, intelligence and contacts that these specialists can utilize to better serve small to mid-sized exporters and importers in california. discover it >>  











about tradeport 

 english chinese japanese italiano






























global jobs  

global jobs:  employees & employers 




tradeport mailing list 

join now >>




news and events 

tradeport's news and events




tradeport's podcasts 

tony livoti @ womensradio >>





advertise on tradeport 

tradeport visitors are a targeted group of business professionals involved in some aspect of global trade seeking information, opportunities, products and services.start advertising now >




smes and global supply chain 

the position of california's small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) as important contributors to the state's balance of trade is threatened by recent changes in the broader trade environment.  learn more















our sponsors


 

 
 

















tradeport events sponsor program 


the monterey bay international trade association (mbita) in association with tradeport.org  is embarking on a thorough event schedule for 2010 featuring information, solutions and topics that  small to mid-sized enterprises (smes)  require to grow their companies and remain competitive in our difficult, demanding and challenging global economy.
become event sponsor

 








 







about tradeportadvertise on tradeportcontact us











	  





developed by tribecopyright © 2016 tradeport. all rights reserved.











