


the first international church of the web, established february 7, 1997












 saint luke evangelical christian ministries' first international church of the web rev. dr. david m. ford, pastor welcomes you!established february 7, 1997 celebrating twenty-five years of evangelizing christ on the web!
 






  but he was wounded and crushed for our sins. he was beaten that we might have peace. he was whipped, and we were healed! all of us have strayed away like sheep. we have left god's paths to follow our own. yet the lord laid on him the guilt and sins of us all. isaiah 53:5-6 nlt 






  
   
      
  


  


 view our church site map 


 become a legally ordained minister - free! 		fast, free, and online


ordained clergy credentials catalog 		ordination certificates, i.d. cards, church charters, license to ministry, marriage and baptism certificates, much more.


 online ordination faq 
 clergy resource page 


visit our chivalric order of christian knights the international order of the knights of saint luke


visit our school of biblical studies 		receive your faith based degree here!


 the tri-fold mission of the first international church of the web 


doctrinal statement of the first international church of the web


 who is jesus? 
 today's bible verse 


 the four spiritual laws 
 the prayer of salvation 


 visit our prayer chapel 
 links to online christian resources 


 what do you miss by being a christian? 
 members' ministries page 



 meaning of our coat of arms 
 free bible download  


 what's that sound? 
 visit our church needs page 


 graphics & banners for members 
 buttons for members, clergy, & alumni 


join us in prayer with our prayer ministry podcast


participate in our dollar-a-day church support ministry


 






 the first international church of the web is non-denominational, preferring to emphasize the love of our lord jesus christ rather than individual differences of interpretation.
  our church is open to everyone. we are pleased to offer free online ordination through our parent ministry, st. luke evangelical christian ministries. for information on becoming a member and ordained minister,  
click here
 
 member of the international alliance of web-based churches
  please visit our chivalric order of christian knights the international order of the knights of saint luke. 
 
  



 click here to learn how 


 
  please consider supporting this ministry with a donation, safely and securely, with paypal.      

   

  

  visit our parent ministry 
  
   
 

  
copyright 1997-2024 rev. dr. david mcmichael ford stlukeministries@gmail.com            

