







habersham, sc | beaufort real estate | waterfront living




















































































        
          
            habersham, sc
          
        
      








































cart
















0
















              community
            

              amenities
            

              marketplace
            



              homes
            

              homesites
            

              house plans
            









































































cart
















0











communityamenitiesmarketplace





                
                  
                    habersham, sc
                  
                
              
a beautiful coastal town




homeshomesiteshouse plans









scroll








a beautiful coastal town




























welcome home to habershamhabersham is ideally located on the water just minutes from historic beaufort, south carolina and within an hour’s drive of hilton head island and charleston, south carolina as well as savannah, georgia.now entering its third decade since the original town plan was designed by duany plater-zyberk & co., habersham continues to engage national design talent in implementing its vision. tom low has used his artistry to help carefully design streets around existing streets and create beautiful outdoor spaces that enhance the incredible natural beauty and elegant architecture. eric moser‘s continued guidance as the town urbanist has also helped create an authenticity and special charm to habersham that is in the tradition of beautiful coastal towns. renown, commercial civil engineering firm davis & floyd assisted with site master planning as well as provided engineering support for multiple phases of development, including design, permitting, and construction management services. habersham’s design reflects the relaxing pace of life in the lowcountry. woodland and waterfront parks, nature trails, main street marketplace, boating, fishing, swimming and more all await you here in habersham.coastal living named habersham #4 in the magazine’s “top 20 places to live on the coast”awarded the “best neighborhood design in america” by the national association of home buildersselected as south carolina’s premiere southern living inspired community



we’re very happy you’ve visited our website, so feel free to look around!








 a walkable town planwith charming architecture & welcoming porches











our philosophy & new urbanism design













  

the habersham town plan was based on the planning principles inherent to small southern towns throughout the region. prior to the first conceptual design, we toured many historic villages, neighborhoods and civic squares and studied the details that make up the aesthetic and functional character of these great places.our town plan was intricately laid amidst the delicate natural landscape with particular attention given to the outdoor public realm of parks and greenways for residents to inhabit and enjoy surrounding the homes. by creating streetscapes that are safe and pleasant, one is naturally drawn out of the home to spend more time walking and getting to know neighbors throughout the town. as a direct result of neighbors knowing and caring for one another, there evolves an inherent sense of security.

  

what is new urbanism design?“new urbanism is an urban design movement which promotes environmentally friendly habits by creating walkable neighborhoods containing a wide range of housing and job types.”congress for new urbanism (cnu) / national town builders assoc. (ntba)



view more habersham videos and related articles on our media page








traditional home design



with classic detailing & modern materials











aesthetics in architecture inspired by the architecture found in historic towns throughout the region, the homes of habersham are designed with classical detailing and proportion that define this timeless architecture. lowcountry architecture is a truly timeless and beloved style that embodies the charming coastal south. one of the most delightful aspects of habersham homes is their spacious front porches that run the length of the house, offering a perfect spot to relax and enjoy the outdoors. with proper design, the front porch is not only aesthetically pleasing but serves as a social magnet and defines the streets.the thoughtful design elements, such as a preference for symmetry and scale, create an uncluttered and inviting aesthetic. additionally, the raised foundations provide natural air circulation, keeping the homes cool and comfortable. lowcountry homes establish a genuine sense of place and foster a deep connection with the surrounding landscape.the choice of materials, textures, and colors, is among the most important decisions in establishing a home’s character. the use of indigenous materials that age well are incorporated in all our designs. with this mix of quality design, proportion, and indigenous materials, the homes of habersham embrace a sense of southern elegance that can only be found in the lowcountry.







view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize









featured buildssince the first coastal living idea home was constructed in habersham back in 2002, our community has been fortunate to host over a half-dozen featured builds. based on the incredible success of the the 2002 coastal living idea house, coastal living editors selected habersham back-to-back for the 2002 coastal living cottage of the year. over the years, there have been several coastal living and southern living showcase homes and 2009’s unique “choose your home giveaway” promotion from southern living magazine.

 











 

habersham is now home to over 50 homes selected from the southern living house plan collection. the distinguish brand went further to designate an online collection of house plans called, “houses of habersham” viewable on the southern living house plans website.we’ve created a map of these builds in the neighborhood, including images and links to plans, that you can browse below:








sl-593 - cottage of the year
https://houseplans.southernliving.com/plans/sl593








sl-1825 - carolina island house
https://houseplans.southernliving.com/plans/sl1825








sl-1648 - sugarberry cottage
https://houseplans.southernliving.com/plans/sl1648








sl-1666 - eastover cottage
https://houseplans.southernliving.com/plans/sl1666








sl-1020 - eden ridge
https://houseplans.southernliving.com/plans/sl1020








sl-1254 - banning court
https://houseplans.southernliving.com/plans/sl1254








sl-678 - radcliff
https://houseplans.southernliving.com/plans/sl678








sl-1122 -bucksport cottage
https://houseplans.southernliving.com/plans/sl1122








sl-673 - broad river cottage
https://houseplans.southernliving.com/plans/sl673








sl-1914 - bay breeze
https://houseplans.southernliving.com/plans/sl1914










 




















 ideally located on the coastbetween charleston & savannah











a region rich with history & culture



the coastal region of southern south carolina is at the heart of the lowcountry. a place where the tides govern the lives of the people and the wildlife that make the region unique and captivating. the lowcountry is home to several of the nation’s most historic ports including charleston, south carolina and savannah, georgia. historic sites and structures dot the landscape of sea islands and scenic roadways.habersham might just be in the ideal location to take advantage of all the beautiful places to see in the lowcountry. an afternoon in the car and an adventurous spirit can lead you to some of the most iconic and breathtaking sights in the region! download our regional map.

video courtesy of beaufortsc.org

habersham’s nearest neighbor, the historic town of beaufort, sc is located on port royal island, one of the large sea islands along the southeastern coast of the united states. beaufort is unique in that its entire downtown has been designated by the national trust for historic preservation as a historic district. it was one of the only southern towns that became occupied by union troops, rather than being destroyed during the war. more than fifty historic structures have been identified and include many lovely private homes beautifully restored and available to tour. whether on a walking tour or by horse-drawn carriage, the romance and history of beaufort’s old point is an experience not to be missed!start a historic discovery of your own by at the beaufort visitor center in downtown beaufort or check out their things to do in beaufort list. let us know when you may want to plan a visit and learn more about habersham’s guest services program and exclusive discovery getaway offers.historic sites, art galleries, antique shops and modern boutiques are within the downtown walking area, not to mention fine dining and quick eateries. the moderate climate is perfect for enjoying the outdoors almost every day of the year. learn to kayak or paddleboard in the scenic waterways that surround beaufort. the nearby, undeveloped beaches of hunting island state park are a beachgoers dream complete with a historic lighthouse to take in the views. the intracoastal waterway passes directly through beaufort and attracts boating and fishing enthusiasts from around the world. recognized by coastal living, southern living, field & stream and garden & gun magazines as an outdoors man’s paradise, a shopper’s delight and one of the “friendliest seaside towns in america”, beaufort is becoming south carolina’s most attractive destination for tourism, relocation and retirement.








habersham press features






articles

























habersham adaptive cottage draws national attention






read more →


























habersham home captures cover of farmhouse style






read more →


























habersham selected “best place to live on the coast”






read more →


























habersham featured as "home sweet hometown" on building character blog






read more →


























habersham rates favorably in home sales factors






read more →


























variety of buyers and product offered sets habersham apart






read more →











 

over the years, habersham has captured the attention of prestigious homemaking and lifestyle publications across the nation. our community and its unique offerings have been celebrated in a myriad of stories, articles, and special sections, making us a source of inspiration for readers. we invite you to explore the original features by clicking on the covers below:








































































































































































welcome home



welcome - txt



new urbanism



new urbanism - txt



architecture



architecture



lowcountry



lowcountry - txt



news










receive updates on habersham real estate, marketplace or upcoming events:

 


    request information
  

 

we respect your privacy. you can unsubscribe at any time via our emails, or by contacting us.





habersham land company
22 market,
beaufort, sc, 29906,
united states
8438461000
homes@habershamsc.com


hours
mon 9am - 5pm
tue 9am - 5pm
wed 9am - 5pm
thu 9am - 5pm
fri 9am - 5pm
sat 10am - 5pm
sun 10am - 5pm




for information call 1.877.542.2377 or visit the habersham land company at 22 market, beaufort, sc(c) habersham land company - all rights reserved. equal housing opportunity. privacy policy.



 welcome page / real estate /realtor portal /owners section /contact


 







































 










