   unilever usa homepage | unilever

    skip to content  default theme  default  (selected) light  dark what is a theme? (opens in new window) unilever usachange locationsearch site menuour company our brands skip to sustainability  backour brandsinnovation smartlabel learn about my food: bioengineered (gmo) foods california cleaning product right to know act lists view our brands sustainability skip to news  backsustainabilitynutrition & health supplier diversity at unilever north america california transparency in supply chain act view sustainability news skip to investor relations  backnewspress & media media contacts view news investor relations skip to careers  backinvestor relationsview investor relations careers (opens in new window) backcareersview careers  unilever usachange location     unilever usa homepage  welcome to unilever usa  we are unilever usa$14.2bnorth america turnover in 20235.8%north america growth rate in 2023#1unilever’s largest market  find our more about our company latest news news articlehow unilever’s digital transformation is driving operational excellencefebruary 12, 2025unilever’s digital transformation is reducing complexity across the business and building capacity for growth. chief enterprise technology officer, steve mccrystal, explains how we’re using innovative technology to deliver operational excellence.  news articlethe growing mini meals  trend: knorr’s winning formulafebruary 12, 2025  news articlethe science, tech and trends growing unilever’s nutrafol hair-health brandjanuary 15, 2025  news articlecustomer collaboration and kaizen strengthen unilever’s supply chain with amazonjanuary 15, 2025  news articlewhy unilever tripled its sports marketing commitments in the usanovember 13, 2024 view all news our iconic brandsare on a missionto do good.explore our brands  sustainabilitywe have been driving an ambitious sustainability agenda for over two decades. yet, in the face of ever-growing economic, environmental and social challenges, we are evolving our approach.  careers at unilevervisit our dedicated careers site to browse vacancies and find information about what it’s like working for us.   press & mediapress releases and media contact information for journalists and commentators. search unilever usasearch    back to top  share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on xshare this page on linked inshare this page on e-mail connect with uswe're always looking to connect with those who share an interest in a sustainable future.connect with us on facebookconnect with us on xconnect with us on youtubeconnect with us on linkedinconnect with us on instagramcontact usget in touch with unilever and specialist teams in our headquarters or find contacts around the world.contact us  contact unilever usa legal  privacy notice sitemap faqs  eeo is the law (pdf | 120kb) eeo is the law gina supplement (pdf | 118kb) unilever us eeo/affirmative action obligations and commitments do not sell or share my personal information (opens in new window) accessibility digital sustainabilitythis site is governed solely by applicable u.s. laws and governmental regulations. please see our privacy policy. use of this site constitutes your consent to application of such laws and regulations and to our privacy policy. your use of the information on this site is subject to the terms of our legal notice. © unilever 2025                