




santorini princess luxury hotel | unforgettable santorini escapes


































































the  hotel rooms & suitesgastronomy & drinkspool area 
wellnesslocationexperiencestransfer servicesgalleryfaqscontact follow us







 











 




language

engr 



book now












































welcome




revolutionizing  hospitality




perched on one of the most breathtaking regions, imerovigli, on the island, the santorini princess spa hotel features an unparalleled view towards the awe-inspiring caldera and the emerald water of the aegean sea. here, every element is infused with the essence of the island's natural splendor.the outdoor swimming pool is a serene oasis, where the warm mediterranean sun projects a golden glow, inviting guests to immerse themselves in its crystalline waters. soak in the tranquility of the captivating turquoise scenery while sipping a refreshing drink at the pool bar. our elegant rooms and suites offer a seamless blend of cycladic charm and modern luxury, meticulously designed to provide an exceptional accommodation experience.surrender to the peace and the astounding beauty of the setting as you take in the enchanting landscape that makes santorini capture the heart of every visitor.

































sophisticated stay in santorini



double roomwith caldera viewsuperior roomwith caldera viewserenity suitecaldera view with hot tubtriple roomwith caldera viewtwo-bedroomwith caldera viewgrand honeymoon suitewith caldera view














gastronomy & drinks

















sp restaurant
















our hotel restaurant is one of the most precious culinary gems on the island as it mesmerizes the guests with delicious meals inspired from the greek cuisine.



more






















creative cocktails
















the pool bar is a pole of attraction for all the guests as it offers a remarkable experience overlooking the emerald water of the aegean sea and the spectacular caldera.



more






















breakfast
















as the most valuable meal of the day, the breakfast at santorini princess spa hotel is carefully prepared to cater to all tastes and satisfy even the most demanding guests.



more













 


























every moment unique









pool area







a real oasis of calmness and serenity unravels before you as you marvel at the astounding turquoise scenery from the mesmerizing outdoor pool area.
















wellness







the santorini princess spa offers our guests the ultimate sense of invigoration and relaxation in the hands of our well-trained therapists.

more






















transfer  services




in santorini princess spa hotel, your comfort is our priority and keeping that in mind, we have made sure to provide the ultimate transfer experience and make it easy for you to get around on the island. three mercedes minivans are at your disposal at all times to take you to the most mesmerizing places on the breathtaking island of santorini that you wish to visit. our helpful and amiable drivers will take you to your destination, ensuring your utter comfort and safety. 



more











































live instagramfollow us#santoriniprincess.spa



































santorini imerovigli




wow location



santorini princess spa hotel is nestled in the picturesque village of imerovigli, which is located only 3.5 km away from the captivating capital of fira.the serenity of the surrounding landscape and the breathtaking view towards the emerald water of the aegean sea blend together to create a real haven of tranquility amidst an awe-inspiring scenery that will soothe your body and mind. 



more









































experiences









yachting







set sail in style with a private yacht rental in santorini. choose from a variety of options, including bareboat rentals for those who prefer to captain their own adventure, or opt for a crewed yacht for a fully catered luxury experience.

























imerovigli 847 00, santorini, greece
+30 2286 025870
info@santorini-princess.com

licence number: 1053985 - γεμη 143130101000



hotel directoryhotel activities



























© 2025 santorini princess hotel. all rights reserved.
| privacy policy







 360° hotel digital marketing overron 
















