



bursitis information








sponsored by 
relief-mart
are you suffering 
from bursitis?


click 
here to learn about how therapain plus with msm 
and glucosamine can help!
 
site navigation:
home
about us
email 
us
advertisement policy
newsletter
privacy statement
reader survey



		bursitis.org 
		quick tip:
stop the friction between tendon, bursa, and bone by simply 
		resting the inflamed area with more short  frequent restful breaks 
		to allow the natural lubrication of the bursa to reactivate between 
		uses.





dr. rick swartzburg,d.c.
author of 
1backpain.com, tendonitis.net,
probiotic.org
and
memoryfoammattress.org

looking for more 
information on the latest bursitis 
treatments, clinical studies and research?
sign up for your free 
bursitis.org newsletter below:



name:
 
			email address:
			 








enter security code


















 
 
 
 
 



bursitis.org
bursitis information and
 treatment options

advertisement:




how bursitis occurs
 

the bursa is what cushions the tendon and thereby helps 
prevent friction between the tendon and the bone.  unfortunately, constant 
rubbing of the tendon over the bone with high amounts of repetitive arm, 
shoulder, hip, knee and ankle motion can lead to enough friction of the bursa itself to 
cause the inflammation and irritation of the bursa called bursitis.  for example, a person who 
throws a ball too many times at one interval may begin to cause this friction process in the 
shoulder or elbow.  another way that bursitis occurs is when compression of 
the bursa happens on a regular basis, such as a side sleeper who places a lot of 
shoulder or hip pressure when they lay down for long periods.  in this case 
it would not take too much movement of this already compressed area to cause 
friction of the bursa.     

 

common areas of bursa inflammation  
the most common tendon areas that become inflamed are the elbow, 
 
shoulder, hip, knee, ankle, and heel.  of course, bursitis can will vary 
with each person, as it strikes the areas you use and irritate the most. 



 
bursitis symptoms
symptoms can vary from an achy pain and stiffness to the 
local area of the joint, to a burning that surrounds the whole joint around the 
inflamed bursa. with this condition, the pain is usually worse during and after 
activity, and the bursa and surrounding joint area can become stiffer the following day.

 
bursitis treatment
with proper care for the area, the pain in the bursa 
should lessen over three weeks, but it should be noted that the healing of the 
area continues and doesn't even peak until at least six weeks following the 
initial injury.  this is due to scar tissue formation, which initially acts 
like the glue to bond the tissue back together.  scar tissue will continue 
to form past six weeks in some cases and as long as a year in severe cases.  
after 6 months this condition is considered chronic and much more difficult to 
treat. the initial approach to treating a bursitis is to support and protect 
the bursa by bracing any areas of the tendon that are being pulled on during 
use, as this will help stop bursa friction from occurring. it is important to loosen up the tendons, lessen the pain, 
minimize any bursa inflammation, and reduce the compression that can occur with 
lying down or sitting.
the pressure can be reduced while sleeping by using a 
softer bed topper like a memory foam mattress pad or even getting a new mattress 
that is composed with memory foam and/or latex foam.  memory foam and latex 
foam reduce compression because they are the only substances that conform with 
the bumps and curves of the body and can thereby reduce the pressure spot by 
more evenly disbursing the weight of the body.  see 
memoryfoammattress.org for information on this subject.  reducing bursa inflammation 
and soothing the pain of bursitis can be done topically if a pain reliever has the 
ability to penetrate the skin barrier and contains anti-inflammatory agents. a 
topical formula that contains natural menthol will not only relieve pain, but 
dilate the blood vessels. this allows for relief of the bursitis, without 
causing any stiffening of the tissue.  msm, also known as methyl sulfonyl 
methane is a natural supplement that is getting a lot of attention due to its 
role in tissue healing at a cellular level.  it is a natural organic sulfur 
that comes from rain fall and is found naturally in the human body.  it has 
been shown to have anti-inflammatory effects on the tissues.  see
all about 
glucosamine and msm for more information this supplement.  ice can relieve inflammation, but will 
constrict the blood vessels and further stiffen the joint area.  cortisone injections 
can reduce inflammation, but unfortunately are very caustic and can cause a 
weakening of the tissue structure and a create more scar tissue.  dr. 
swartzburg, our site editor, worked in conjunction with our sponsor, 
relief-mart, to develop a spray for bursitis called
therapain plus.  it has all natural pain relievers plus 14,000mg of msm and glucosamine.
after the scar tissue has begun to accumulate, it will 
be important to perform procedures which help break down the scar tissue in the 
affected joint, so as to let 
the tendon, bursa and muscle regain it's normal flexibility and thereby lessen the 
friction to the bursa with joint movement.  this will also help reduce the chance of further 
injury.  while exercise is appropriate for breaking down scar tissue once 
the area has healed, it may further irritate the area during the initial stages.  
therefore, other methods that can be performed by your healthcare provider, such 
as ultrasound and massage, may be safely used to accomplish this early on in the 
injury. ultrasound uses sound waves that vibrate a such a fast level, that it 
cannot be felt with normal use.  ultrasound will cause an increase in 
circulation to the tissue and soften the scar tissue to allow it to further 
break down.  ultrasound can also be used as phonophoresis to help topical 
pain and nutrient solutions reach further down into the tissues by transporting 
them with the sound waves.  light stretches of the affected joint at this 
stage may also be performed if they do not cause any further 
irritation to the area, however, often the real key is stretching the tight 
muscles and tendons that are below or above the bursa, as this will help 
normalize the movement and stop the rubbing of the tendon on the bursa sac.  

 

bursitis prevention
prevention of this condition requires routine stretching the 
affected joint, as well as any tightened muscles above and below on a regular basis and thereby lengthening the tendon connections around 
the bursa. this will allow less friction to the tendon/bursa/bone connection.  as 
mentioned previously, reducing the compression with sitting or lying down is 
crucial for helping to keep the bursa from losing its natural lubrication and 
allowing the bursa friction to occur more readily.  when bursitis does 
occur, it is important to treat it immediately, and thereby prevent it from 
reaching a stage that is more severe.
 
*for the recommended bursitis 
treatment spray plus msm and glucosamine from our sponsor
relief-mart, 
click here.
 







advertisement:



 
 

*please read this disclaimer

the contents of this site, such as 
			text, graphics, images, information obtained from www.bursitis.org 
			licensors and other material ("content") contained on this site s 
			for informational purposes only. the content is not intended to be a 
			substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. 
			always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health 
			provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical 
			condition. never disregard professional medical advice or delay in 
			seeking it because of something you have read on this site!
 
home    
			 about 
			us     advertisement 
			policy    
			contact us
			 privacy 
			statement  
			site disclaimer    
			  

 



copyright 
			2003-2013 bursitis.org. all rights reserved.





