



beenthere-donethat: an illustrated guide to great britain

















          beenthere-donethat
        




          the unofficial guide to great britain
        




          beenthere
          
          donethat
        

          the unofficial guide to great britain.





menu



               
            
day trips from london
blog
categories
guestbook
updates
search
footpaths
transport
driving
gazetteer
links
towns
using this site
contact us
oldest, highest, etc.
conditions



 

 



























































































































 






 






 



























































































































































































                       
                    














































































































             

            



click a coloured county on the map or a button.











 










england part 1

cumbria
north yorkshire
lincolnshire
nottinghamshire
derbyshire
cheshire
shropshire
worcestershire
warwickshire
leicestershire
rutland
northamptonshire
huntingdonshire
cambridgeshire
norfolk









england part 2

suffolk
herefordshire
gloucestershire
oxfordshire
buckinghamshire
hertfordshire
essex
london
kent
sussex
hampshire
wiltshire
somerset
dorset






 



wales

anglesey
brecknockshire
caernarfonshire
carmarthenshire
ceredigion
denbighshire
glamorgan
monmouthshire
montgomeryshire
pembrokeshire
radnorshire




 



scotland

highlands








 

an illustrated travel guide to great britain
based on personal experience of the locations we have pictures of mountains, moorlands, quaint villages, pastoral 
      landscapes, historic buildings over 1000 years old, the coast, steam railways, wild flowers, fossils, caves and much more.
"what is it?"
this illustrated travel guide features places that we, personally, have visited in great britain ( 'been there' ), and photographed ( 'done that' ), 
      since i started using a digital camera in 1998. it is not a collection of other people's information and is a non-commercial site (we don't get paid for 
      doing it and there are no advertisements).
 we have explored old towns and narrow streets. we have been on long countryside walks, up mountains, down caves and explored old buildings to show 
      you what it's really like.







×









great britain includes england, scotland and wales only. it does not include the channel islands or any part of ireland.
      
      
        the areas on the map above, marked in dark grey, are places for which we do not yet have pictures and the light grey areas are outside the
        scope of this site.
     

"what's in it for me?"

      the site is arranged by county and if you are not familiar with the british county system then you can see how they are laid out
      on the map above. if you are not happy with that then there is a section where the information is
      arranged by subject e.g. churches, landscapes, coasts, medieval etc. there is also a
      search option, where you can search for specific terms, together with a
      gazetteer (names of places in an alphabetical list).

      there is a section on driving, illustrated with pictures, aimed specifically at overseas visitors and separate
      sections on public transport for those of you who do not wish to drive and a section on
      public footpaths for those who are interested in walking.
there is a guestbook where you may comment on this web site, and there is
      'our blog' in which i give an account of 'britain related' items which i hope will be of
      interest including short trips which are not really comprehensive enough to be included in the main site. the blog also has
      an rss feed which means that if you have a feed reader then you will
      automatically be notified when additions are made.
there is an updates page detailing the latest additions to the site and this is
      also available as an rss feed


you are welcome to suggest places that you think other visitors would like to see and which we
        should visit. we cannot promise to include them but if we can then we will.
we do our best to provide accurate information but we do not guarantee its accuracy. you'll be pleased to know that the
        responsibility for checking the accuracy of the information is entirely yours particularly if something important depends upon it.
photographs on this site were taken with nikon d7200, nikon d80, olympus e10, casio exilim z850 and olympus 1400l digital cameras and are the
        copyright © of barry samuels unless stated otherwise. photographs may not be copied or reproduced without permission
        although this is likely to be freely given for non-commercial use.
if you'd like to comment about this web site please let us know either with a
        comment
        or e-mail me directly for publication on these pages.

        images were processed using
        the gimp
        running under debian linux
        both of which are free!



 



menu



             
          
day trips from london
blog
categories
guestbook
updates
search
footpaths
transport
driving
gazetteer
links
towns
using this site
contact us
oldest, highest, etc.
conditions



        england       wales
      




        scotland
      

        photographs are copyright © of barry samuels unless stated otherwise
      
 
 


