




  






home - mitchell area chamber of commerce, sd
























 
























































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events












 





 





























































 toggle navigation   























go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events












 





 























































home
chamber
development
events
main street
visit
city



















































welcome to mitchell and the surrounding area!
mitchell is a thriving and surprising community where we outthink, outproduce and outperform to make this an outstanding community for all. 
 




















business directory







events







move







explore







work







news
























































mark your calendar




every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.








view all events »























































































uniquely positioned
mitchell offers the best of small-town living with bigger possibilities. we offer the mitchell difference, in our schools, our vibrant family-centered amenities, the jobs we offer, the quality of life and affordable living.
 


































unparalleled activities
mitchell welcomes residents and visitors to enjoy some of the best extracurricular activities in the region. whether you are a fishing or hunting enthusiast or love watching a performance at the community theater, mitchell has entertainment year-round.


































unlimited opportunities
in mitchell, we are committed to creating possibilities whether you want to start a business, move your company here or find your dream job.
 
 















facebook feed






 


mitchell area chamber



























check out the official mitchell guide to everything
whether you are relocating to mitchell, planning a weekend getaway, or adding us to your vacation itinerary, the mitchell guide to everything is here to help plan your stay in mitchell, sd!

view or download your digital copy here. 
















































































welcome to possible.






















partnership between the city of mitchell, mitchell chamber of commerce & convention visitors bureau, mitchell area development corporation, and mitchell main street & beyond














(605) 996-5567









toll free (866) 273-2676









info@mitchellsd.com




























privacy policy

































































 
 






















cookie policy


















© copyright 2025 mitchell area chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.























 


