







record labels & companies guide - your resource for record label and other music company contacts, articles, news, tips and more.
































record labels & companies guidearticles
interviews
contact
menuclose



welcome to therecord labels & companies guide!
your resource for record label and other musiccompany contacts, articles, news, tips and more.

start now







ready to sell your music?
get free daily opportunity alerts for your music
see what film & tv music supervisors, record labels, and publishers need in real time.
get free opportunity alerts






why record labels still matter “i don’t want to sign with a major record label,” seems to come from the lips of most songwriters and artists these days. everybody wants to sign with an indie label or take the do-it-yourself route.
but there’s a problem. most musicians think that they’ll get special treatment being signed to an indie label because of the small roster. while that’s often true, there’s another side to signing with an indie that most bands and artists rarely consider.
not only are the rosters much smaller, so are the label’s staff and budget! quickly, how many platinum-selling artists can you think of that are on an indie label? one, two… a few at most? and over what period of time? years?  read more here.






recent articlesluke wood a&r dreamworks recordshe’d love to change the way commercial radio is programmed so that more records could get played, and more people were exposed to new and developing artists.
how to get a record dealwhile it may seem like a daunting task for you to find yourself an “angel” who can get you through the pearly gates, it’s not impossible.
how to present your demoa look behind the scenes in the office of a person who listens to demos, torturing their brains and eardrums in the all-too-often futile search for that killer song or sound.
the press kitessentially, this is going to represent you to many of the important players in the music industry. better make it good!
steps for successhow you can best put together and present a musical package whereby a record company is stimulated to eventually sign you to a recording contract.

recent interviewsbruce flohr senior vp, a&r/artist development rca recordshe signed the dave matthews band, and helped take them from a small regional act to a major international success.
michael goldberg a&r maverick recordsmichael shares the skinny on mangagers — what they can and can’t do for you.
tom sarig vice president, a&r mca recordshe breaks down what really goes on in an a&r person’s day — and what he looks for in a new band.
joel mark vice president, a&r mca recordshe signed creed when all the other labels were passing on them, and sigur ros, even though he knew they were not the typical radio band.
max gousse vice president, a&r epic recordshe’s got his pulse on the r&b and rap markets, and is always looking for new stars.





 record labels & companies guide
© 2025 record labels & companies guide. all rights reserved.
articles
interviews
contact
 website design & development by guido media






 a&r guide resources
 american recordings a&r resources
 epic records a&r resources
 music press kit cover letter resources
 rca records a&r resources

	articles
© 2025 record-labels-companies-guide.com



