

 








cerritos chamber of commerce





















































































skip to content














join





pay my bill


 















join





pay my bill


 












				search			



search



 






















































				search			



search



 



































about





about our chamber 


board of directors 


chamber ambassadors 
 




government resources 


los cerritos foundation 


insider newsletter 
 




president’s circle 
 

membership





join our chamber 


renew my membership 


pay my bill 
 




testimonials 


110% club 


member referral program 
 

member directory

member search
events

chamber eventspresentation request & guidelines
contact








 

















 
our mission is to be the great connector.uniting the local business and the city, we build a better community.
 


 
how does your cerritos chamber of commerce make a difference?  by providing our members with meaningful and beneficial resources, tools and opportunities to assist in the growth and promotion of your business
 





































president's circle


















 


 

abc



 

 


 

aria



 

 


 

cerritos college



 

 


 

chugh hr



 

 


 

city of cerritos



 

 


 

college hospitalb



 

 


 

digical



 

 


 

kia of cerritos



 

 


 

kaiser permanente



 

 


 

los cerritos center



 

 


 

norwalk la mirada plumbing



 




 

philip l. liberatore, cpa





 


 

pih health



 

 


 

so cal gas



 

 


 

gardens casino logo



 

 


 

ups



 

next
previous




















covid-19 resources











employer resources











employee resources





























join us




 


















events




 


















directory




 


















covid-19




 























 






play video














welcome to the cerritos chamber of commerce






the cerritos chamber of commerce has been promoting and enhancing business in the greater cerritos area since 1963. the chamber’s goal is to help create and sustain a positive environment where businesses can thrive. we do this by focusing on economic development, community development, government relations and advocacy, membership, and communication. through these efforts, the chamber seeks to preserve and improve the business environment while advocating for policies and issues that help our members sell their goods and services.the chamber is a non-profit organization governed by a volunteer board of directors. our membership is made up of local businesses and leaders who have a common goal of making sure the region remains as a great place to do business. the chamber is honored to serve the business community in cerritos. 
























upcoming chamber events

















sorry, we couldn't find any posts. please try a different search.







































why join the cerritos chamber of commerce? 
with over 300 members from over 30 different cities, the chamber is truly a regional organization, providing our members with a broad reach.



join now


 
 


















featured events



















new members









 first bank carbon health urgent care los alamitos promax personnel pro starz inc. speedy digital print























































 











×
sign up for our weekly e-newsletter!




oops! we could not locate your form. 









×









































 





























the cerritos chamber of commerce has been promoting and enhancing business in the greater cerritos area since 1963.








































quick links







aboutmember directoryjoin our chambereventscontact








get in touch!













(562) 467-0800












(562) 467-0840 










office hours:
9:00 am – 5:00 pm m-f




















© 2023 cerritos chamber of commerce | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility statement









 





×
email us




oops! we could not locate your form. 












×

























































