







lawn-boy landscaping equipment | lawn mowers, blowervacs and snowblowers | lawnboy





























 




                                    english (united states)
                                






                mowers
            



                parts/manuals
            



                buy online
            



                where to buy
            



                support
            
 











 









                                home
                            




                                mowers
                            




                                parts/manuals
                            




                                buy online
                            



                                where to buy
                            




                                support
                            




                                        english (united states)
                                    
























take the "hill" out of up-hill


                            lawn-boy's all wheel drive lawn mower makes mowing slopes and hills easy. all 4 wheels are engaged and giving you great traction in tough mowing conditions.
                        







high wheel push
high rear wheels make it easyto mow on uneven terrain






rear wheel driveself-propel
variable speed rear wheel drive provides improved traction and control in all mowing conditions.






electric start
no need to pull the cord, just turn the key and go
















 

 






easy to handle. hard to beat. check out the great selection.




view mowers






 







customer  reviews





                                very easy to set up out of the box... in minutes was mowing yard. i would buy this again for my city yard.



                            
chuck49i really like this mower!



                                very easy to assemble. love the fact that with a turn of the key, it starts every time. very efficient. a must buy!!!
                            
gigiwonderful product



                                i'm in my 5th year with my 20", self-propelled... i am already looking forward to my next new lawn-boy! i can handle it... and it doesn't handle me!!.. i love this mower.
                            
stevebest handling mower i have ever used.



                                i bought this to replace one i had trouble starting. this one is so easy. i assembled it myself (a 57 year old independent woman). love my new mower!
                            
nanueasy to use mower



                                only once in 50 years of grass cutting did i use another brand then lawn-boy. i will always use lawn-boy. i have even had one lawn-boy that ran well for over 20 years! that is one tough, durable, long lasting machine.
                            
crs35top of the line mower






















                                    brand history
                                



                                    contact us
                                



                                    safety information
                                



                                    product notice
                                



                                    ca prop 65
                                





connect with us:


facebook




youtube





copyright ©  lawn-boy, a division of the toro company. all rights reserved.



                                            dmca/copyright policy
                                        



                                            terms of use
                                        



                                            privacy policy
                                        



                                            statement on modern slavery and human trafficking
                                        









