



























home | eastbayri.com - news, opinion, things to do in the east bay






































												subscribe
											




											    log in 


subscriber login
day pass login
calendar submission login




 



											tuesday, february 18, 2025										

 
 
 
 






 
 


 
 
 





				day pass log in
			








 
 

sign up for our newsletters

 
 
 






toggle navigation





					main menu				







							home
						



							our towns 



barrington


bristol


east providence


little compton


portsmouth


tiverton


warren


westport





								news								 


all


sports





								east bay life								 


book reviews


community calendar (events)


dig in (cooking)


fishing


life and death


life in the garden


the music scene


things to do!


weddings





								obits								 


recent obituaries


archived obituaries


place an obituary





								opinion								 


all


columns


letters


editorials





								classifieds								 


all


automotive


employment


home improvement


items for sale


real estate


yard sales


place an ad





								homes								 


new in the market


distinctive homes





								e-editions								 


this week's paper


special issues





								search															










					subscribe




					subscriber log in
				















the latest news



								fan ejected as tiverton girls beat mt. hope 51-44 							





							tiverton girls’ basketball team beat mt. hope 51-44 in a physically played division 2 game on thursday night. the game was so tense that a fan was ejected for yelling profanities at the referees, according to coaches. 						










barrington boys just miss indoor track state championship repeat

							the barrington high school boys indoor track team came within 12.5 points of winning its second straight state championship.   

  …  read more










portsmouth gymnasts take 2nd in state championship

							portsmouth — the portsmouth high school gymnastics team capped off its fine season by taking second place as a team in the division  …  read more










barrington girls track team races to 12th place at states

							the barrington high school girls indoor track team finished 12th at the riil indoor track state championship meet on saturday. 

  …  read more












'black history is all of our history'

							it was a group of high school performances that brought a special energy to the annual black history month celebration at east  …  read more










local bills fan keeps the faith for another year

							      you’ve got to hand it to john “kool kat” amaral. the man has ice in his veins every  …  read more










license requests reveal a new owner for batista’s, and a new home for gray’s

							the bristol town council meeting of february 5 previewed some upcoming events and highlighted some changes coming to the community.  …  read more





			read more			



things to do ...







						bristol art museum opens new exhibit					


					the bristol art museum (bam) announces its 2025 national juried exhibition, rock, paper, scissors, which celebrates the transformative potential of materials and artistic processes that evoke  …				










						jazz for kids is feb. 20 at greenvale					


					greenvale vineyards will host the 23rd annual jazz for kids from 1 to 4 p.m. on thursday, feb. 20 part of the annual newport winter festival. greenvale’s jazz for kids program was created 24  …				










						providence children's museum unveils february fun-tastic week					


					providence children's museum (pcm) is celebrating school vacation week with eight days of special programming. from feb. 15 to 22, the museum will transform into a wonderland of discovery where young  …				







			see more here ...			



east bay social







 

















your community. your stories. your inbox.






				sign up for our free newsletter today!				












sponsored








real estate beyond the single-family home purchase


								as a real estate advisor, i’ve spent years helping others find their dream homes, but in 2024, i took a bold step toward becoming a mini real estate mogul. it all started when i stumbled upon a  …							






protect your property from a fraudulent sale


								my clients found the perfect parcel of land with stunning 360-degree water views, close to the beach. after extensive due diligence to ensure they could build their dream home, we moved toward  …							






how the change in leadership could impact rhode island’s real estate market


								with a trump return to the white house, many in rhode island are wondering how it might shape our real estate market. here’s a quick look at what this could mean for local property values and  …							






it’s october – is it still a good time to sell?


								the question on many homeowners’ minds this time of year: it’s october … is it still a good time to sell, or should i wait for next year? with rhode island’s current  …							












			read more ...			



obituaries






almerinda aguiar
				almerinda aguiar, 88, of warren, passed away unexpectedly on wednesday, february 5, 2025 at charlton memorial hospital in fall river, ma.   born in bristol, ri, she was the daughter of the late joseph			







veronica carreiro
				bristol|veronica "ronnie" b. correiro, of warren, passed away on tuesday, february 11, 2025, at the dawn hill home in bristol. she was a week away from her 99th birthday. she was the loving wife of th			







j. frederick
				j. joseph frederick, 88, of vernon place, barrington, died peacefully on february 15, 2025 at the va medical center, providence, surrounded by his loving family. he was the beloved husband of the late			



			see more obituaries here			


 












sports






unbeaten mt. hope wins d-iii boys' swim title, girls finish second
				the mt. hope high school boys' swimming team added to the legacy of the program by finishing off one of its most successful seasons ever as the huskies capped off their unbeaten winter in division  …			







two wins help huskies place third at 2025 freshmen state wrestling meet
				in the lead-up to the varsity state championship meet later in the month, members of the mt. hope high school wrestling team participated in the 2025 freshmen/junior varsity state competition held  …			







wildcats thrash holbrook 79-74 on senior night
				owen boudria put on another clinic as the westport basketball team beat holbrook 79-74 in front of a packed senior night house on wednesday. the win improved the wildcats record to 12-6 and more importantly upped their power ranking to 10th in division 5.			







mt. hope high tracksters, tumblers ready for state meets
				the indoor track and field and gymnastics meets kick off the 2025 rhode island interscholastic league's winter sports state championship events as each contest their most important meets of the  …			



			read more			






 















 




opinion

letter: ridot has been a source of continuing dysfunctionality
to the editor: 

 a recent projo and newport daily news article fails to point out that the proposed town center project proposed three roundabouts. in that situation, ridot sent a mr. smith to  …


letter: definition of ‘assault’ weapon is broad, misleading
to the editor: 

 first off, there are no "assault weapons" out there. that term was first coined back in 1984 by an anti-firearm group calling themselves handgun control, inc., and the term was  …


letter: domestic violence is an epidemic
to the editor: 

 this is in response to the recent stabbing. two women were attacked in our town. the alleged assailant lived with them and has multiple charges of domestic violence to his name.  …


letter: why move forward on something so divisive?
to the editor: 

 i am a barrington resident who has voted “yes” on every measure that supports our schools, except for the ballot initiative to install toxic artificial turf. 

  …





letter: i feel like i know him now
to the editor: 

 thank you for bringing will barbeau's story to the front page of the barrington times . you wrote it beautifully - i felt like i was in the room with you, hearing this wonderful  …



				read more				




your community. your stories. your inbox.






				sign up for our free newsletter today!				





























2025 by east bay media group

										barrington · bristol · east providence · little compton · portsmouth · tiverton · warren · westport				 
 


meet our staff
 


							jim mcgaw						
a lifelong portsmouth resident, jim graduated from portsmouth high school in 1982 and earned a journalism degree from the university of rhode island in 1986. he's worked two different stints at east bay newspapers, for a total of 18 years with the company so far. when not running all over town bringing you the news from portsmouth, jim listens to lots and lots and lots of music, watches obscure silent films from the '20s and usually has three books going at once. he also loves to cook crazy new orleans dishes for his wife of 25 years, michelle, and their two sons, jake and max. 
 


quick links
 


subscribe



											about us/contact us										



											advertise with us										



											place an obituary										



											terms of use										









 



 












