



	growertalks
























skip to content
        






opens in a new window








growertalks
green profit
newsletters
inside grower
magazine archives
grower guides
young grower award nomination form
request product information
live streams
tech on demand podcasts & videos
videos
classifieds
california trials
hortcalendar.com







subscribe
























search 
                            















hey! check this out!








february 2025 issue


vol. 88 no. 10




see the digital edition





this month ...



broad mites in ornamental crops
by heidi lindberg



hey! check this out!
















we  our advertisers!





we  our advertisers!






newsletters



read and subscribe to a variety of newsletters tailored to your industry interests.
explore our newsletters



cover story









navigating the challenges of shipping
suzanne wainwright-evans & maria diaz
ensuring success with biological controls.






features









a meaner mite for a badder bug
jeremy webber
how limonica overcomes thrips parvispinus.









broad mites in ornamental crops
heidi lindberg
treatment and control for this challenging pest.









dip those thrips
dr. rose buitenhuis
during her presentation at the 2024 plug & cutting conference, dr. rose buitenhuis concluded that cutting dips are an effective, safe and economic method to reduce pest infestation at the beginning of the production cycle and for biocontrol strategies to be more effective thereafter. here are the key messages of this research.









managing bulb mites
dr. raymond a. cloyd
the biology of various mite species, including the damage they can do and how to manage them.









surfactants vs. wetting agents
josh henry
they’re similar, but different. here’s what you need to know about these common plant-growing products.









tech on demand team profile: chris ferguson
bill calkins
a highlight of the fourth member of ball seed’s tech team and the story of how he came into horticulture.







culture notes









growers talk production
the fallacy of wishful thinking
albert grimm
logical fallacies cause us to cling to easy answers, which we defend as solutions to complex problems.









columns









inside look
bits & morsels
jennifer zurko
when you’ve been covering this industry for a while, people think you know things.








acres & acres
winning or learning
chris beytes
i like the idea of winning or learning, which implies that you can’t always win, but you can always learn something from those times you don’t.








paul's pointers
checking all the boxes
paul pilon
there are really a lot of considerations when it comes to growing plants.








growers talk business
wrap it up!
amy morris
with christmas now behind us and young plant companies in full swing of sticking and shipping, it’s time to make sure your company has tied up all its loose ends.








guest column
ornamental oreganos
lowell halvorson
if you need a low-cost perennial that lasts year-over-year in decorative pottery, urns and other above-ground plantings, consider the ornamental oreganos.








now a word from our sponsors...








departments








jz on d.c.
h-2a adverse effect wage rates published
jennifer zurko
the department of labor’s employment and training administration has published the new adverse effect wage rates (aewrs) for range and non-range occupations in the federal register for the h-2a visa program.










gt in brief






a prize-winning oasis




de vroomen marks its centennial






eason becomes 100% employee-owned through esop transition




griffin acquires a midwest distributor






happy 20th to endless summer!




metrolina gives back big






on the move




thinkplants announces new shrub program






columnists









chris beytes


jennifer zurko


albert grimm


art parkerson


paul pilon


bill swanekamp


amy morris


terri mcenaney


stan vander waal


austin bryant


stephanie saccomano










videos
  watch more










n.g. heimos poinsettia open house 2024















n.g. heimos poinsettia open house 2024




caladium bulb harvest at classic caladiums




the robo cut autonomous tissue culture propagation robot




ball seed customer days 2024!




critical chemistries (recorded live at cultivate’24) with jc chong




what's new from the cultivate'24 trade show




trending now: ball seed & philips lighting solutions




trending now: floxcor fungicide from corteva




trending now: pdsi’s better boxwood




darwin perennials day 2024




the best poinsettia for ... part 2 - whites, novelties, and the best of all time




the best poinsettia for ... part 1 - the reds




proven winner color choice shrubs for 2025




proven winners perennials for 2025




proven winner annuals for 2025




cast 2024: jaldety




cast 2024: prudac




cast 2024: hishtil




cast 2024: cohen




cast 2024: benary




cast 2024: takii




cast 2024: danziger




cast 2024: hilverdaflorist




cast 2024: syngenta




cast 2024: kientzler north america




cast 2024: dümmen orange perennials




cast 2024: dümmen orange annuals




cast 2024: sakata seed annuals




cast 2024: schoneveld




cast 2024: hem genetics




cast 2024: westhoff




cast 2024: green fuse botanicals




cast 2024: plant development services, inc.




cast 2024: planthaven




cast 2024: pacific plug & liner




cast 2024: beekenkamp




cast 2024: suntory




cast 2024: panamerican seed




cast 2024: ball floraplant




cast 2024: selecta one




cast 2024: morel cyclamen




cast 2024: burpee




a tour of ipm 2024—the world's largest horticulture trade show




trending now: pdsi




trending now: darwin perennials




marvin teaches us a new word - cyathium




poinsettias are not poisonous! a public service announcement from growertalks magazine




growertalks at the heimos poinsettia open house 2023











trending now










 koppertbacilirid biological fungicide




 lambert peat mosslm-org lm-18 organic germination mix




 ball landscapeflourish! and thrive




 sepro corporationobtego fungicide and plant symbiont




 donahues clematis specialiststumaini boulevard evigsy151




 emerald coast growersmiscanthus morning sun












nominate a young grower today!






            congrats to the 2024 growertalks/ball horticultural company young grower
                award winner, drew groezinger from clara joyce flowers, stockton, illinois!


            do you know of an excellent, hard-working professional under the age of 35? you should nominate them for the 2025 growertalks/ball horticultural company young grower award! for the last 20 years, we’ve recognized young horticulturists for standing out from the crowd in this tough business, who—for whatever noble reasons—have chosen to have a career in this industry.
            

            after three finalists are chosen, each is asked to write guest editorials for the june issue of growertalks, gets a free trip to cultivate’25 and, while they’re in columbus, attend a special dinner with anna ball and other industry luminaries. the winner is announced at the unplugged event during cultivate’25, will be the subject of our september issue cover story and serve as one of our judges for next year’s award. 
            

nominate someone (or yourself) today! the deadline is march 1, 2025.


an extra special thanks goes to ball horticultural company, basf and americanhort for
                sponsoring this year’s award!



























our history

meet the team

contact us

advertise





media kit

ball redbook

privacy policy

terms & conditions














© 2025 ball horticultural company – all rights reserved














