


printer ink cartridges | toner cartridges | shipped fast | no sales tax  - inkquik.com
























home

payment options

contact us

faq

shipping info

view cart

testimony

school orders

policies


   
	
 











more comments...










click on the brand of your printer, fax machine or copier below.


most popular brands

	    brother cartridges
	    canon cartridges
	    epson cartridges
	    hp cartridges




	
	
 


all machine brands






brother
canon
casio
epson
hp


ibm
konica
lexmark
ncr
oki


panasonic
pitney bowes
ricoh
samsung


sharp
star
tec
toshiba





		
		
 



inkquik.com is your online source for ink cartridges, ink tanks, laser toner cartridges, fax film replacement rolls and pos printer ink ribbons at deeply discounted prices. for over 20 years we've been offering compatible, remanufactured and genuine oem cartridges for most every printer, fax machine and copier out there! all of which are covered by our 30/180 guarantee. new printer cartridges are being released regurlarly. we may already have your cartridge in stock, but not yet on this web site. if you can't find what you're looking for, send us an email at cs@inkquik.com with your printer brand, model and color of cartridges you need.

another great benefit of purchasing from us is that we're located in the beautiful state of oregon, where there is no state sales tax. as a result, we never charge you a sales tax, regardless of where you live! we do our best to ship your order the same day it's placed. most of our customers receive their orders within 2-3 business days. orders shipping outside of the lower 48 states are subject to additional shipping charges. we'll notify you via email before processing your order.


	

  




    









inkquik sells both genuine oem and generic compatible cartridgesbrand names are the property of their respective holders and are for descriptive purposes only.inkquik is a registered service mark. all rights reserved.2000-2024 © inkquik®



