    new home | english springer spaniel club       skip to content

 english springer spaniel clubestablished 1921englishspringer.org



 
englishspringerdata.org



 


facebook
 


 homelatest newsclubclub managementabout the clubmission statementessc 100 year celebrationsclub rulescode of ethicsethical breeding guidlinesmembershipshowsshow diarychamp/open breed club show diary 2025champ/open breed club show diary 2024show resultsshow results 2025show results 2024show results 2023essc showsessc championship showsescc champ show results 2024essc champ show results 2023essc open showsessc open show results 2024essc open show results 2023essc show photo galleryessc championship photo galleryessc open show photo gallerypublished critiquescritique submission formbreed show results submission formbreedbreed standardbreed club contactsbreed healthabout the breedbreed historyfurther readingess rescue & welfarefield trialsnovice & open trial datesresultsfield trials report 2023field trials photo gallerypedigree & recordsdatabasejudgesjudging listsessc judging criteriajudging questionnaire (word)judging questionnaire pdfjudging list policyessc notes for judgesphoto galleriesdiscover dogs 2024photo gallerylinkscontact us
homelatest newsclubclub managementabout the clubmission statementessc 100 year celebrationsclub rulescode of ethicsethical breeding guidlinesmembershipshowsshow diarychamp/open breed club show diary 2025champ/open breed club show diary 2024show resultsshow results 2025show results 2024show results 2023essc showsessc championship showsescc champ show results 2024essc champ show results 2023essc open showsessc open show results 2024essc open show results 2023essc show photo galleryessc championship photo galleryessc open show photo gallerypublished critiquescritique submission formbreed show results submission formbreedbreed standardbreed club contactsbreed healthabout the breedbreed historyfurther readingess rescue & welfarefield trialsnovice & open trial datesresultsfield trials report 2023field trials photo gallerypedigree & recordsdatabasejudgesjudging listsessc judging criteriajudging questionnaire (word)judging questionnaire pdfjudging list policyessc notes for judgesphoto galleriesdiscover dogs 2024photo gallerylinkscontact usthe english springer spaniel club was established in 1921 in the united kingdom and is known as the ‘parent’ club of the breed. it is the first port of call for the kennel club on all matters related to the english springer spaniel. the club caters for both types of english springer spaniel, the ‘show type’ and the ‘working type’. it arranges shows, field trials and educational days. we hope that you enjoy your visit to our website and will be a regular visitor with us.photo courtesy sasha cooklin

essc field trial schedules			

admin		

september 2, 2024		essc field trial schedules now available  from:    fieldtrialsec@englishspringer.orgnovice stake: 6th november 2024open stake: 20th november 2024

read more »		

driffield show cancelled			

admin		

august 23, 2024		driffield show has been cancelled due to strong winds, all 4 days. there has been servere damage on the show field, so for exhibitors safety

read more »		

ess club shows for 2024			

kath holt		

july 9, 2024		so it’s a wrap for our ess club shows for 2024 and it seems such a long time until our next one in may 2025.

read more »		
« previous
next »the english springer spaniel club was established in 1921 in the united kingdom and is known as the ‘parent’ club of the breed. it is the first port of call for the kennel club on all matters related to the english springer spaniel. the club caters for both types of english springer spaniel, the ‘show type’ and the ‘working type’. it arranges shows, field trials and educational days. we hope that you enjoy your visit to our website and will be a regular visitor with us.tribute to sarah willettphoto courtesy saha cooklin
the english springer spaniel club was established in 1921 in the united kingdom and is known as the ‘parent’ club of the breed. it is the first port of call for the kennel club on all matters related to the english springer spaniel. the club caters for both types of english springer spaniel, the ‘show type’ and the ‘working type’. it arranges shows, field trials and educational days. we hope that you enjoy your visit to our website and will be a regular visitor with us.


click here



 
terms and conditions


 
privacy policy


 
2024 english springer spaniel club


 
website admin
 we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.


necessary							

necessary
always enabled
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.

functional							

functional
functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.

performance							

performance
performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.

analytics							

analytics
analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

others							

others
other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
save & accept
     



