





north star marketing - lancaster, pa | central, pa - marketing | branding | public relations | web design | sales consulting


















services

branding
marketing
public relations
interactive media
social media
sales consulting
web marketing
web pr


brand specialist

staff
philosphies
history
community service


clients

featured brands
testionials
case studies


portfolio

print
interactive media
publicity


news/events

press releases
events
news
photo gallery


in depth

marketing tips
industry articles
kae's bio
branding books


contact us

contact info
directions
employment


home



































some of the companies we've served...

click here to see more »


 


business strategies assessment for consultants, change makers, subject matter leaders wanting to sell to the corporate market
click the button below to assess where your marketing gaps might be in securing valuable engagements with corporations and organizations who need and value your intellectual property, proprietary processes and your body of work.
great for those who work with c-suite levels providing consulting and training in leadership, team building, culture changes, organizational trust, diversity, equity and inclusion, communications, sales and marketing and other needed services.
click here for the assessment »







5 steps to expand your brand and create massive visibility
download this free report to learn how to get your brand noticed, create massive visibility and get more people to engage, connect and push the "buy botton." you'll learn how to leverage the super powers of branding, the "secret sauce" to attracting clients and the 5 key steps to increasing your visibility.
get the free report here. »


 

join the copywriting café


learn the secret words, phrases, and triggers that get people to push the buy button
two 60-minute group sessions per month
learn the secret words, phrases, and triggers that get people to push the buy button
practice copywriting with exercises used by master copywriters to turn your copy into cash
take part in "hot or not" sessions to get fast feedback on your headlines, titles, subject lines and more>
learn how to make your copywriting irresistible, engaging and impossible to ignore

join the copywriting café here »








unlimited laser copywriting program
copywriting is hard. no one wants to stare at a blank sheet of paper or a blank screen to write killer copy that gets sales.  so, we've made it easy.  get on a call with us and we?ll review your copy and show you how to make the "new way of copywriting" easy so you can get every copy project done — likety split.
free copywriting review session »
the unlimited laser copywriting program »



 

















 







twitter
tweets by @northstarpa







services | brand specialists | clients | portfolio | news/events | in depth | contact us | home





©2021 north star marketing inc. • 717-951-6049 • info@northstar-m.com • sitemap













