

















news and updates | trees for life












skip to main content












search this site: 







 
 






















 


our work

get involved

give

learn

about us
 

 
 


news and updates


























 
  

 



                        trees for life international does more than just plant trees. 
                        we demonstrate that in helping each other we can unleash extraordinary power that impacts our lives.
                    







	warning: edit or add with caution. the news summaries use divs now instead of a table, which are invisible in the editor.




 

			preschool activities

these brief videos show how to turn everyday moments into learning opportunities!



			want to help translate?
if you know another language, you can help spread education around the world. learn more
			 
teach for life is global movement of people sharing knowledge and learning from each other, to better educate our children and create hope for the world.








			lessons of love
in the "teach for life" movement, people around the world join hands to help empower children through education. read more







			the secret
"articulating the not-so-secret 'secret' of why and how we live and serve every day is not easy. for the poet in me, it would be just as hard to describe the dance of a butterfly."   read more







			no stranger to gratitude
a public radio commentator shares a heartfelt message about trees for life founders balbir and treva mathur.  read more
 






			travis heying/the wichita eagle



			balbir mathur to retire as president
after 30 years, balbir will step back and allow someone else to lead trees for life in its next phase of serving our world. read more







			water for a better world
sometimes, the littlest things can save lives. like drops of water, for example. read more







			the moringa tree
these tiny leaves could save millions of lives. more about moringa







			formula for empowerment
farmers in nicaragua discover how a shift in perspective can transform lives.nicaragua story




 


			interview with balbir mathur
"i am a servant of those who are making sacrifices for their people. that is fundamentally what trees for life does." read interview





 
 
 
 








































every child has a dream.






all children deserve a quality education. together, we can help them reach their dreams.
learn more about teach for life, the educational branch of trees for life.




moringa







	explore moringa.
frequently asked questions - where to get seeds, powder, how to grow moringa and more




unique gifts





gifts of empowerment and hope -- perfect for any occasion!  






				 

in loving memory





				 

birthday





				 

anniversary




				 

				 

				 



 




read the latest news





         trees for life blog
         books for life blog
         moringa blog


























 

 
 



home | our work | get involved | give | learn | about us
contact us | site map | privacy policy | log-in 
copyright © 2011 trees for life international
	3006 w. st.louis, wichita, ks 67203
	tel: (316) 945-6929
technical support



 
 
 





