













physics and astronomy

















physics and astronomy

















about

contact us
department directory
mission statement
faculty hiring
department news
upcoming colloquia
department library
theses
publications
service areas
department offices
computer support



courses

course listings
course schedule
course descriptions
get help
course materials
gre prep course
computational labs
experimental labs
optics



research

department groups
overview
acoustics
astronomy
atomic molecular optical
biological
material physics
laser science
teaching  education
theoretical  mathematical
research information
reu/ret/fri program



undergraduate

undergraduate program
program description
careers for physics majors
advising resources
mailing list
student employment
research assistantships
scholarship opportunities
research opportunities
internship opportunities
applied physics tracks
senior thesis and capstone
senior thesis information
capstone information
latex resources



graduate

prospective student info
graduate  open house
about the program
research opportunities
how to apply
life at byu
faculty seeking graduates
current student info
graduate handbook
qualifying exam
document templates
contact us



faculty

information
department documents
teaching resources
view current ras
view current tas
faculty dashboards
undergraduate advising
graduate advising
edit website data
edit website content
statistical reports
colloquia



alumni

home
department highlights
alumni spotlights
opportunities
faculty












outer cat's eye nebula






directory
dept. office
computer support
class schedule
planetarium
my byu







news and events







apod: thor's helmet versus the seagull

seen as a seagull and a duck, these nebulae are not the only cosmic clouds to evoke images of flight. but both are winging their way across this broad celestial landscape, spanning almost 7 degrees across planet earth's night sky toward the constellation of the big dog (canis major). the expansive seagull (top center) is itself composed of two major cataloged emission nebulas. brighter ngc 2327 forms the head with the more diffuse ic 2177 as the wings and body. impressively, the seagull's wingspan would correspond to about 250 light-years at the nebula's estimated distance of 3,800 light-years. at the lower right, the duck appears much more compact and would span only about 50 light-years given its 15,000 light-year distance estimate. blown by energetic winds from an extremely massive, hot star near its center, the duck nebula is cataloged as ngc 2359. of course, the duck's thick body and winged appendages also lend it the slightly more dramatic popular moniker, thor's helmet. portal universe: random apod generator








weather at the eyring science center

temperature:42.4 frel. humidity: 45%pressure:30.10 inches hg








rocket noise and bird songs

hart, gee, and their research group study the impact of rocket noise on wildlife








adam fennimore's insights for students

alumni adam fennimore shares career insights for current students








byu’s rising astronomers take center stage at the winter aas conference

in early january 2025, a group of 16 students from brigham young university’s physics & astronomy department showcased their research at the prestigious american astronomical society (aas) in national harbor, maryland.








acoustics group studies the roar of spacex's starship

acoustics faculty and students measure the thunderous noise of the world’s most powerful rocket, exploring its impact on communities and the environment.



selected publications







jwst miri and nircam observations of ngc 891 and its circumgalactic medium

by aleksandr v. mosenkov  (et al.)abstract: we present new jwst observations of the nearby, prototypical edge-on, spiral galaxy ngc 891. the northern half of the disk was observed with nircam in its f150w and f277w filters. absorption is clearly visible in the mid-plane of the f150w image, along with vertical dusty plumes that closely resemble the ones seen in the optical. a similar to 10 x 3 kpc(2) area of the lower circumgalactic medium (cgm) was mapped with miri f770w at 12 pc scales. thanks to the sensitivity and resolution of jwst, we detect dust emission out to similar to 4 kpc from the disk, in the form of filaments, arcs, and super-bubbles. some of these filaments can be traced back to regions with recent star formation activity, suggesting that feedback-driven galactic winds play an important role in regulating baryonic cycling. the presence of dust at these altitudes raises questions about the transport mechanisms at play and suggests that small dust grains are able to survive for several tens of million years after having been ejected by galactic winds in the disk-halo interface. we lay out several scenarios that could explain this emission: dust grains may be shielded in the outer layers of cool dense clouds expelled from the galaxy disk, and/or the emission comes from the mixing layers around these cool clumps where material from the hot gas is able to cool down and mix with these cool cloudlets. this first set of data and upcoming spectroscopy will be very helpful to understand the survival of dust grains in energetic environments, and their contribution to recycling baryonic material in the mid-plane of galaxies.








effect of solvothermal synthesis parameters on the crystallite size and atomic structure of cobalt iron oxide nanoparticles

by benjamin a. frandsen  (et al.)abstract: we here investigate how the synthesis method affects the crystallite size and atomic structure of cobalt iron oxide nanoparticles. by using a simple solvothermal method, we first synthesized cobalt ferrite nanoparticles of ca. 2 and 7 nm, characterized by transmission electron microscopy (tem), small angle x-ray scattering (saxs), x-ray and neutron total scattering. the smallest particle size corresponds to only a few spinel unit cells. nevertheless, pair distribution function (pdf) analysis of x-ray and neutron total scattering data shows that the atomic structure, even in the smallest nanoparticles, is well described by the spinel structure, although with significant disorder and a contraction of the unit cell parameter. these effects can be explained by the surface oxidation of the small nanoparticles, which is confirmed by x-ray near edge absorption spectroscopy (xanes). neutron total scattering data and pdf analysis reveal a higher degree of inversion in the spinel structure of the smallest nanoparticles. neutron total scattering data also allow magnetic pdf (mpdf) analysis, which shows that the ferrimagnetic domains correspond to ca. 80% of the crystallite size in the larger particles. a similar but less well-defined magnetic ordering was observed for the smallest nanoparticles. finally, we used a co-precipitation synthesis method at room temperature to synthesize ferrite nanoparticles similar in size to the smallest crystallites synthesized by the solvothermal method. structural analysis with pdf demonstrates that the ferrite nanoparticles synthesized via this method exhibit a significantly more defective structure compared to those synthesized via a solvothermal method.








a near-infrared survey of candidate haumea family members

by benjamin c. n. proudfoot and darin ragozzine  (et al.)abstract: the haumea family is the only known dynamical family in the trans-neptunian region. to date, 10 family members have been unambiguously identified using near-infrared (nir) spectral or photometric data in combination with their strong dynamical proximity and the rest of the family. in this work, we build off previous empirically constructed models of the family to identify 39 candidate family members and follow up on eight of them using the hubble space telescope (hst) to measure their visible and nir colors. six of the candidates have strong water-ice absorption features—consistent with family membership. based on these initial findings, our sample of 39 candidate family members should contain about 20 more water-rich objects. combining the hst visible and nir photometry with past results, we find no evidence for significant color heterogeneity within the family. of the six new family members, two have δv ∼ 300 m s−1, well outside of the traditionally defined velocity dispersion limit of ∼150 m s−1. as evidence suggests they are not affected by any of neptune's resonances, we propose that these family members are the result of dynamical sculpting by neptune during its outward migration. further searches for far-flung family members will be able to further explore this hypothesis.








schwinger vs coleman: magnetic charge renormalization

by joshua newey and christopher b. verhaaren  (et al.)abstract: the kinetic mixing of two u(1) gauge theories can result in a massless photon that has perturbative couplings to both electric and magnetic charges. this framework can be used to perturbatively calculate in a quantum field theory with both kinds of charge. here we reexamine the running of the magnetic charge, where the calculations of schwinger and coleman sharply disagree. we calculate the running of both electric and magnetic couplings and show that the disagreement between schwinger and coleman is due to an incomplete summation of topological terms in the perturbation series. we present a momentum space prescription for calculating the loop corrections in which the topological terms can be systematically separated for resummation. somewhat in the spirit of modern amplitude methods we avoid using a vector potential and use the field strength itself, thereby trading gauge redundancy for the geometric redundancy of stokes surfaces. the resulting running of the couplings demonstrates that dirac charge quantization is independent of renormalization scale, as coleman predicted. as a simple application we also bound the parameter space of magnetically charged states through the experimental measurement of the running of electromagnetic coupling.








starship super heavy acoustics: far-field noise measurements during launch and the first-ever booster catch

by kent l. gee,  noah l. pulsipher,  makayle s. kellison,  logan t. mathews,  mark c. anderson,  and grant w. hartabstract: far-field (9.7–35.5 km) noise measurements were made during the fifth flight test of spacex's starship super heavy, which included the first-ever booster catch. key results involving launch and flyback sonic boom sound levels include (a) a-weighted sound exposure levels during launch are 18 db less than predicted at 35 km; (b) the flyback sonic boom exceeds 10 psf at 10 km; and (c) comparing starship launch noise to space launch system and falcon 9 shows that starship is substantially louder; the far-field noise produced during a starship launch is at least ten times that of falcon 9.








a computationally efficient method for evaluating impact sound insulation for custom concrete floor geometries

by micah r. shepherd  (et al.)abstract: advanced construction technologies are creating opportunities to design and fabricate non-traditional concrete structural geometries. while removing structurally unnecessary material can aid in sustainability efforts, it can also reduce a structure’s ability to attenuate impact sound. an assessment of the impact sound insulation performance of custom concrete floors has often been excluded from previous studies because of the large computational cost for simulating radiated sound at high frequencies. in response, this paper presents a hybrid, computationally efficient method to approximate the impact sound performance of floors by strategically using the air-hemisphere method for a subset of low frequencies, while relying on the structure’s radiation efficiency at higher frequencies. this method improves upon existing strategies to discretize the receiving side of the floor for impact sound performance. to demonstrate this method, six anthropometric walking paths are simulated on four non-traditional floor geometries and three conventional floor slabs. the simulated results are compared to experimentally obtained dynamic behavior for the custom slabs and full-scale tests of impact sound for the conventional slabs. the proposed method is much more efficient than maintaining high resolution discretization across all frequencies, leading to significant computational time savings. efficient simulations for determining the impact sound insulation of non-traditional structures may further enable the design of novel floor geometries, potentially accelerating their implementation in buildings.











contact

department of physics and astronomy
n283 esc
provo, ut 84602



physics_office@byu.edu



801-422-4361



department resources

directory


department office


computer support


royden derrick planetarium



related resources

college of computational, mathematical, and physical sciences


reu/ret program



connect

facebook page


linkedin group


youtube channel







brigham young university


provo, ut 84602, usa
801-422-4636
 2025 © all rights reserved

privacy notice | 
cookie preferences










