














department of otolaryngology - head & neck surgery » college of medicine » university of florida











































skip to main content





skip to main menu






uf health






      university of florida
      













        department of otolaryngology - head & neck surgery
      



          college of medicine
        










make an appointment or referral









open search







open main menu










main navigation




        home
                          - current page











        about us
                              





show submenu for about us




about us overview








        alumni newsletter
                              





        faculty
                              





        residents
                              





        advanced practice providers
                              





        joint faculty
                              





        sacred heart hospital
                              





        va ent attendings
                              





        emeritus faculty
                              





        recruitment
                              







        patient care
                              





show submenu for patient care




patient care overview








        ent clinical divisions
                              





        specific disorders and conditions
                              







        fellowships
                              





show submenu for fellowships




fellowships overview








        advanced otology
                              





        advanced head and neck oncologic surgery
                              





        uf rhinology clinical research fellowship
                              





        head and neck surgical oncology research fellowship
                              





        uf division of rhinology
                              







        residency
                              





show submenu for residency




residency overview








        duties and benefits
                              





        application information
                              





        program alumni
                              





        conference schedule
                              







        students
                              





show submenu for students




students overview








        junior elective
                              





        senior elective
                              





        primary care elective
                              





        visiting clerkships
                              





        shadowing opportunities
                              







        donate
                              





        research
                              





        events
                              
































              ent
            

              we provide the best possible care of ear, nose, & throat conditions,  education of medical students, training of otolaryngology residents, and  otolaryngologic research. 
            










          100%
        

          board pass rate for our residency
program.
        




residency program












          3,200
        

          operative cases performed every year.
        




clinic locations












          33,417
        

          clinical visits every year.
        




make an appt


















            uf health inspiring innovation
          

            department of otolaryngology – head & neck surgery
          


          at uf health, our multidisciplinary team of board-certified otolaryngologists is trained in the medical and surgical management and treatment of diseases and disorders of the ear, nose and throat. 
        






recent news and podcasts















department of otolaryngology-head and neck surgery









                        our mission
                      


deliver the highest quality otolaryngologic care to those who need it most, through innovation, education, and continuous self-improvement.
        
















                        our vision
                      


to make a difference in otolaryngology and the world, by being the best in patient care, research, education, and leadership, one patient at a time.



















            number 35 in the nation!
          

            uf health otolaryngology
          


          uf health shands hospital is committed to providing the highest quality of compassionate, leading-edge care to patients affected by conditions of the ear, nose and throat. as a leader in care, uf health ranks among the nation’s best ear, nose and throat programs according to u. s. news & world report 2024-2025 best hospital rankings.
        






read more













a message from the chair


greetings and welcome to the university of florida’s department of otolaryngology-head & neck surgery!  whether you are a current or prospective patient, fellow medical professional, or a student or prospective resident, we think that you will find our department a warm and welcoming environment.  we are committed to providing the highest level of achievement in each of the academic missions.  our patients can expect to receive the latest, groundbreaking surgical care in all of the major sub-disciplines of otolaryngology, provided by highly trained and experienced otolaryngologists. our faculty are engaged in cutting edge research with the intent to take this newfound knowledge back to the bedside to transform patients’ lives.  our medical students can take advantage of both clinical and research opportunities to provide a broader and more comprehensive exposure to our field. our otolaryngology residents receive excellent and well rounded surgical training, so that when they graduate they can go anywhere they want to go, do anything they want to do, and be excellent at it!  we are also committed to providing an environment in which our departmental faculty can thrive to reach their potential, and become leaders in their respective fields.  we look forward to engaging with you all, whether it is online, via zoom or in-person.  welcome to uf ent!
sincerely,
bill collins
william o. collins, m.d., f.a.c.s., f.a.a.p.
professor and chairman of otolaryngology, division chief for pediatric otolaryngology











department news












                        dr. mulligan: advancing olfactory medicine
                          


published on january 28, 2025
          


          “dr. jennifer mulligan, co-director of the smell disorders program at the florida chemical senses institute (fcsi) at the university of florida, has…
        


read story






















                        learn about cochlear implants at uf health ent
                          


published on january 24, 2025
          


          “the uf health cochlear implant team delivers this care efficiently to a wide geographical region of patients via a multidisciplinary approach…
        


read story






















                        dr. austin lam treating head and neck cancers
                          


published on january 17, 2025
          


          austin lam, m.d., left, and fahad aldhahri, mbbs, perform surgery on a patient.



“this year, we’re on pace for 180 major head and neck ablative…
        


read story


















news in brief






dr. neil chheda quoted by fox news!







2024-2025 match results!







congratulations, dr. chen!












all posts


















patient care









medical-room-wait










                        making appointments
                          



          phone: (352) 265 – 0920 
fax: (352) 627- 4411
        


make an appointment













building-cloudy






























                        clinic locations
                          



          we have four clinic locations, including our brand new location. the oaks, opening in february 2020!
        


clinic location information













hospital-bedroom-nurse











                        surgery center locations
                          



          our faculty operate in three conveniently located surgery centers!
        


surgery center information













book-edit










                        specific disorders and conditions 
                          



          educational information regarding specific ent disorders and conditions.
        


more information




















 medical education









science-brain










            head and neck
          


                        fellowship
                          



          the division of head and neck surgical oncology and microvascular reconstructive surgery is committed to training otolaryngologists in advanced head and neck oncologic and reconstructive surgery.
        


learn more











medical-personnel-doctor




            otolaryngology
          


                        residency program
                          



          our objectives for the residency program are to provide our residents with a strong background in basic and clinical sciences related to otolaryngology, to assist our residents in the development of clinical and surgical expertise, and to give them the opportunity to learn and practice research techniques.
        


learn more











school-building




            junior and senior
          


                        medical students
                          



          students rotate with the otolaryngology residents and faculty while participating in the outpatient, inpatient and surgical arena.
        


learn more













task-checklist











            faculty and app
          


                        shadowing opportunities 
                          



          patient-care observers are an integral part of the uf health mission of creating an environment that supports education and research in the health sciences.
        


learn more





























        department of otolaryngology - head & neck surgery
      



          college of medicine
        




utility links



intranet




webmail




protocols




qgenda
















                  physical address
                

                                      1345 center drive, box #100264                                      gainesville, florida 32610                                  

                  phone
                


352-273-5199










                  make a gift
                



giving opportunities







                social media
              






facebook







twitter














university of florida health - home





university of florida - home







log in




website support




sitemap




disclaimer & permitted use




disability services




security policies




uf privacy policy




shands privacy policy




this page uses google analytics (google privacy policy)










      © 2025 university of florida health
    




















