

absolute futurity home














absolute futurity home










home    products    support    resellers


























main navigation:

absolute futurity home
products
resellers
purchase
download

support:
frequently asked questions
support
feedback

remember us!
  add to favorites
  make home page
  link to us


free newsletter
             name:
       
             e-mail:
       
             

extra:
links
site map
search
privacy policy
archived newsletters






our products






speed testspeed testing
the first real maximum internet bandwidth testing. 
bbmonitorbandwidth tester
test your internet connection speed. will run in the background. 
desktop-3d notespc sticky notes
set alarms for all your notes. change colors and customize each note. 
pop-stopper-iepopup remover
remove all those annoying popups from your computer. 
imagegrabberimage downloader
automatically download all images from a web page. 
rapid-emailerfast emailer
keep in touch with all your contacts, subscribers, and friends. 


















welcome to absolute futurity
thank you for visiting absolute futurity your speed test resource. speed test is the premium product for determining your bandwidth speed with complete accuracy. we have several utilities to make your life easier. speed test will actually allow you to download files to test your maximum bandwidth speed.


products
  
speed test pro™much more...

what is speed testing? answer: downloading data from the internet and measuring the largest amount of data that can pass through your connection within a specified time period. speed test allows you to do this, completely autonomously without your intervention.
speed test doesn't just monitor your connection, it will actually download a file on a regular basis to test your connection.
click here to download the freeware version
display graphs over time of your connection behavior and maximum bandwidth.
speed test is a meter that monitors your internet connection, web site, cpu, memory, hard drives, wifi, lan, processes and much more all in real
time and will store all data recorded into an log, so it can be
easily imported into almost any application. this data can be used to help in
resolving problems with your internet connection or computer. speed test is a must for
resolving connection or computer issues. speed test has the flexibility to allow you to view
the data in many ways to suit your needs.

if you have a computer, then speed test is a must have product.
  
  
bbmonitor™is working properly.

absolute futurity bbmonitor - bandwidth speed test
    bbmonitor allows you to test your internet speed with the most accurate results by allowing you much more control. when doing an online "speed test", your speed is determined and limited by many of things as in; 
online bandwidth test limitations
 the speed of the online test's server
 the number of hops to get from point a to b
 the packet size
 your internet speed
 the amount of people simultaneously running the same online test
 the distance the data has to travel
 the online test's servers latency
 the online test's servers down time

bbmonitor overcomes all of these issues giving you reliable speed test results
    so, as you can see, trying to get accurate results from an online test is almost impossible. with bbmonitor you can eliminate all these problems and you can test 24 hours a day allowing you to test for intermittent down times or connection slowing.
    bbmonitor also stores all your speed data into a database on your computer, so you can show this data to your isp to get them to fix your connection with your irrefutable evidence. you can even use the data to create charts and graphs.

    bbmonitor is a bandwidth meter that monitors your internet connection real time and will store all data recorded into an ms access database, so it can be 
easily imported into almost any application. this data can be used to help in resolving problem with you internet connection. bbmonitor is a must for 
resolving connection issues. bbmonitor has the flexibility to allow you to view the data in many ways to suit your needs. 
    displays and monitors your internet download, upload and ping speeds. broadband, dial-up, modem, connection, bandwidth, cable or dsl speed tester, monitor, test or testing. download, upload and ping graph. 
    bbmonitor is a bandwidth meter that monitors your internet connection real time and can be used for modem speed testing, a cable modem speed test, a dsl speed test, a bandwidth speed test, 
a bandwidth tester, an internet connection speed monitor, or even an internet connection speed tester. 
speed test
bandwidth speed testing
bandwidth speed test
bandwidth test
 
  desktop-3d notes™ 
absolute futurity desktop-3d
notes - desktop sticky notes 
 desktop-3d notes will keep your desk clean and clutter free while still allowing you the luxury of having sticky notes. any color is 
available for any desktop-3d note. never have to worry about finding a pen and a paper or a sticky note, desktop-3d notes have an unlimited supply 
and is so very easy to use and quick to open.
 desktop-3d notes are so realistic looking you would probably try to take them off your monitor only to find out that they exist within the 
monitor. desktop-3d notes are very beautiful, professional, clean and easy to use.
...and you can resell desktop-3d notes by going here resellers 
 
  rapid-emailer™
absolute futurity rapid-emailer - the best bulk email solution 
rapid-emailer is a bulk email sender that can be used to send html content, rtf, or regular text. rapid-emailer is a very fast email sender, using 
multiple threads for dns sending and also has the capability to send through a smtp server. rapid-emailer allows you to save full email 
campaigns, so you can keep track of all the campaigns you have sent. each campaign saved contains all the settings that were used and all campaigns can be 
recalled very easily. rapid-emailer has full wildcard use in all exclusion lists. rapid-emailer also supports many email list formats. rapid-emailer 
is free for small usage. 
 
  file secret
absolute futurity file secret 
file secret is a unique collection of file base utility for hiding, protecting, locking and safely destroying a file. it features strong file encryption algorithms, a password management solution that stores all your passwords securely and helps you create secure passwords.
a shredder that helps you destroy beyond recovery files, folders and internet traces. exe lock that allows you to password protect certain applications.
a secret notes is used to hide text message and file into images for safe and personal distribution to your friends. you can securely send the images to anyone over the internet. 
quick clean cleans all your online activities, such as ie browser's cache, history, recent document list, cookies, auto complete forms and other tracks. quick clean lets you clean tracks in ms windows and ms office, such as temporary files, mru lists, last logon user name, file removal from contextual menu and much more. 
html secret encrypt and password protect html pages. it will thoroughly encrypt your entire page so that no one can get it unless he knows the correct password.

 
   pop-stopper-ie 
 absolute futurity pop-stopper-ie - a popup remover 
 stop popups, pop-ups, pop up, ad, ads, free for 14 days. pop-stopper-ie is a ad blocking, stopping, killing, blocker, stopper, killer, blockers, stoppers, killers. 
 this is a popup killer that works exclusively for internet explorer. one of the most innovative popup killers one the market that actually adds 
a toolbar to your internet explorer.   
 
    
  image grabber 
 *** new *** absolute futurity imagegrabber - auto downloader 
have you ever gone through websites that have thousands of pages for images, backgrounds, clipart, graphics, etc... then you know how time consuming this can 
be to hit every page manually, just to see if that is the one you want. imagegrabber will search through these pages retrieving only the images that you 
wish, and set them up in a list for you to go through in your own time, without having to wait for pages to load or even having to look at content you do not 
wish to see. there is no more need to get frustrated with all the banners, ads, text and everything else that is not relevant.
 
   pop-stopper 
 absolute futurity pop-stopper 
 stop popups, pop-ups, pop up, ad, ads, free for 14 days. pop-stopper is a ad blocking, stopping, killing, blocker, stopper, killer, blockers, stoppers, killers. 
 you can also include wildcards in the names of the windows you wish to close, allowing you to remove those popups that change their name in order to fool popup remover programs. 
  
   

web design and seo by 
  
   
product updates
if you would like to be informed of product updates from any of our products,
just subscribe to our newsletter. this newsletter will include product update
notices,  free products, product upgrade instructions, new product releases, great values and
product packages.

subscribe
  name:

  e-mail:




to unsubscribe, click here for our  support page.




   

affiliates new

speed testby absolute futurity
  
contact information
please see our faq's
frequently asked questions
electronic mail



 
 


 
[ home ] [ contents ] [ support ] [ f.a.q. ] [ resellers ] [ privacy policy ] [ links ]
absolute futurity cares about your privacy.any
information regarding our customers will not be given toanyone or any third
party without direct confirmation of the individual. majorupgrades on all products
may require an upgrade fee. absolutefuturity is not responsible for
typographical errors thatmight occur on this site or any third party sites.
 
copyright © 2004 absolute futurity
 




































