




brown county indiana log cabin tour - the annual log cabin and country home tour sponsored by the brown county chapter of psi iota xi sorority. we thank you for your patronage. we are pleased to announce the homes scheduled for the new year. our fundraiser has now evolved into an event which requires 35 lions club parking volunteers, 12 van drivers, and over 40 hostess volunteers for the two day event. we have drawn crowds as large as 2000 visitors to see five different log and country homes each year.




































 



























brown county indiana log cabin tour
the annual log cabin and country home tour sponsored by the brown county chapter of psi iota xi sorority. we thank you for your patronage. we are pleased to announce the homes scheduled for the new year. our fundraiser has now evolved into an event which requires 35 lions club parking volunteers, 12 van drivers, and over 40 hostess volunteers for the two day event. we have drawn crowds as large as 2000 visitors to see five different log and country homes each year.
















home page
tour faqs
current tour
history
testimonials
contact
 













home page





history of the log cabin tour:
1971
the first log cabin tour was in 1971 and was sponsored by the local newspaper, the brown county democrat. it was a drive-by, no charge tour featuring about 25 homes. visitors could go inside if the cabins happened to be open.
1972
in 1972, the brown county historical society handled the tour, but chose not to continue the endeavor, and as a result, there was no tour in 1973.
1974
in 1974, the brown county chapter of psi iota xi, looking for a new fundraising project, decided to host the tour. to ensure teh tour’s success, our members helped clean cabins, rake yards, or whatever was necessary. nearly 1000 visitors viewed the 8 homes on the 1974 tour.
our fundraiser has now evolved into an event which requires 35 lions club parking volunteers, 12 van drivers, and over 40 hostess volunteers for the two day event. we have drawn crowds as large as 2000 visitors to see five different log and country homes each year. we also coordinate with the brown county historical society’s annual quilt show so that our events are always on the same weekend for the convenience of our guests.
we never forget that this event would not be possible without the generous donations of time and patience by our local homeowners who allow our guests to walk through their homes all for the benefit our small philanthropic organization. thank you to all our glorious homeowners over the past 30 years!
tour headquarters:


the gazebo on the village green, one block west of the courthouse stoplight on tour dates. follow the signs in downtown nashville. when you buy your tickets, you will recieve a map that will guide you to each cabin so you can drive there in your own vehicle at your own speed. we also have clearly marked the route with white signs with red paint so no one will get lost! we have elected, however, not to put this map on the website to protect the privacy and security of the homeowners.
please call 402-242-0939 to order tickets
 additional information can be obtained via email
info@logcabintour.com
stay overnight in brown county indiana… take the tour…visit beautiful new log homes and wonderful old log cabins!

shop till you drop in over 200 unique shops, artist studios, craft galleries and antique malls. take in a show at brown county playhouse, little nashville opry, coachlight theatre or bean blossom bluegrass park.
spend some time in indiana’s most popular state park, brown county state park, or visit the t.c. steele state historic site, yellowwood state forest or lake monroe.
canlı bahis |  cazino uzmanı | heycanlı bahis  | best online uk casino sites | blackjack oyna | bahis hastası |casino oyna|casino

















home page
tour faqs
current tour
history
testimonials
contact



search for:




archives



categories

no categories 

meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org








 brown county indiana, log cabin tour, ©2016.
all rights reserved.




















 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website















































