



  





durham boat company

























































 
































search for:









 0 




no products in the cart.


about us
my account
shopping cart
checkout
 





 
 



about us
my account
shopping cart
checkout
 


 
 






 

 



dreher oars
tanks
boats
carbon parts
services & telemetry
shop
blog
 





 
 
 




dreher oars
tanks
boats
carbon parts
services & telemetry
shop
blog
 


 
 











8-station tank at downing college bh tank portfolio how to get started 










data analytics focus on synergism tank specific applications learn more 










16-station, 2 pool tank large center aisle, easy access tank portfolio spare parts 










rec-racer in action lt. wt. carbon construction product specifications link to online store 










sweep/sculling indoor tank for more info from the architect 










dreher slim ellipse sweep oars silver medal - '18 jwrc 8+ for more info tfa with locking latch 















 
 

 




what sets us apart
innovative designs
dreher carbon fiber parts are made from premium quality carbon fiber prepreg with all designs done in-house as well as the tooling and manufacturing. dreher was the innovator for the adjustable oar, use of carbon in the handle, blades, and shafts, and
autoclaving of the shafts.
dreher leads the market with the use of an aerodynamic elliptical shaft, which minimizes drag in the last third of the shaft. in 2016 we began offering the revolutionary tool-free adjustment on all dreher adjustable sculling oars. this feature allows on-the-water adjustment. the latest feature is a nut locking latch on the nut that moves the sleeve/collar assembly in and out. we offer three styles of sculls and one sweep with the tool-free adjustment and elliptical shaft.

2021 began selling a new hex design of foot stretcher design is extremely stiff and light-weight. this hex foot stretcher has three sizes of shoe plates and two heel support plate sizes. the foot stretcher is telescopic and the angle can be adjusted. the height of the plate is adjustable. within the shoe plate, the splay angle can be adjusted and fixed. the heel support can also be moved up and down to accommodate different shoe sizes. the crossbar length can be changed depending on the width of the boat.
knowledgeable staff
with over thirty-nine years in the business, durham boat company’s staff has intimate knowledge about all aspects of the sport. whether you have questions regarding oars or sculls, indoor rowing tanks, boat hardware, rigging, or general training you will find that durham boat company has answers. we have always been keenly interested in equipping our customers with the best equipment and information available, contact us today and learn more.
 quality craftsmanship
the superior craftsmanship of our products begins with an in-depth understanding of carbon fiber and the processes in use in the construction of rowing equipment, and the biomechanics, where applicable the aerodynamics and fluid dynamics of parts to ensure the highest performance. each carbon fiber part/product and 3d printed part used in production is designed and produced on-site in new hampshire and any mold or mandrel are designed using cad and other related programs. we strive to create life-long customers by providing them with undeniably superbly built products. see the cad tip-to-tail view of all of the competition sculls.

explore our online store
experience our innovative design & superior performance
shop now 




			latest from the blog		
		











efficiency improvements part ii


    by admin
on march 18, 2020
    with no comments




on the drive: in our previous post efficiency improvements part i, we discussed improvements to the recovery phase of the stroke to just before the catch. in this article, we will examine the next phase of the stroke, the drive. … read more


 blog, coaching essays  catch, drive, finish, force-curve, force-measurement, rowing-efficiency, sequential-rowing-style, simultaneous-rowing-style  

  









rigging fundamentals


    by admin
on april 13, 2022
    with no comments




“rigging”: is the term used to describe the determination and subsequent adjustment of the outrigger height, pitch (oarlock face inclination from the vertical), spread or span (distance between the pins in sculling or centerline of the boat to the centerline of … read more


 blog, rigging  dreher, durham-boat-company, rigging, rigging fundamentals  

  









rowing efficiency improvements using force measurement part iii


    by admin
on march 26, 2020
    with no comments




introduction: the last two blogs focused first on the recovery and then on the drive phases of the stroke cycle. both use actual boat data-logger force measurement derived data from impulse (f x t) curves, along with rowing tank real-time impulse and handle speed curves as … read more


 blog, coaching essays, tanks  dreher, force-mesurement, handle-speed-curve, indoor-rowing-tank, racing-shell  

  

 








linksabout us
shipping & ordering information
policies
faq
independent sculling equipment dealers
cart
 

social media 
 
 

contact

		durham boat company, inc. 
		220 newmarket road
		durham, nh 03824


		603-659-7575 
	

		603-659-6565 
	

sales@durhamboat.com

 
 

© 2025 durham boat company 


 



























