













angela's pasta & cheese shop | specialty food & catering manchester, nh


































































 







home
about us
pasta & cheese
specialty food items
daily lunch & dinner specials
catering/ heat & serve

antipasto and cheese platters
cold hors d’oeuvres
hot hors d’oeuvres
salads & pasta salads
heat & serve dinners
sandwiches
desserts


cooking classes
gift baskets
gift ideas + gift cards
news & events
awards & media
contact us
 
store hours monday - friday  9 a.m. - 6 p.m.
saturday              9 a.m. - 2 p.m. 
sunday - nope
 





 


 











							store hours					     



					    monday - friday 9am to 6pm
saturday 9am to 2pm					















welcome to angela’s pasta, cheese + wine buon giorno and welcome to angela’s pasta, cheese + wine! we are manchester, nh’s premier pasta, cheese, and wine shop now in our 44th year! our offerings include a variety of imported and fresh pastas, cheeses, deli meats and charcuterie, wines, prepared meals, bread, desserts, soup and sandwiches, and other specialty food items.  in addition, we have a fine selection of unique gift items and gift baskets to celebrate any occasion and we can ship our gift baskets anywhere in the usa.



 





catering/heat & serve





whether you’re planning a small gathering or a larger celebration, angela’s offers a variety of menu options to create a special event.read more →







we’re hiring!





we are hiring, all positions and all shifts. join our team and become a part of the angela's family!
please email us your resumes or stop by angela's to apply.







valentine’s day menu





finally!! our valentine's menu is now available on the "read more" below. we are ready to take your order at the store or on the phone, 603-625-9544. you can come in and fill out the form and we are happy to answer any questions!read more →






sign up for our daily menu alerts and wine menu today!

news & eventsrogue river blue cheese has arrived!a very special cheese arrived today…✨ the queen of blue cheeses ~rogue river blue~ this cheese is one of the most celebrated cheeses in the united states. it was very hard for us to come by but we are... contact details815 chestnut street manchester, nh 03104(603) 625-9544info@angelaspastaandcheese.com  




 







copyright © 2025 angela's pasta, cheese + wine, manchester, nh










