








home - safeway scaffolding
















































 



















homeservicescommercial scaffoldingindustrial scaffoldingbespoke scaffoldingareas we covertestimonialsthe teamhealth & safetygallerynewscontact01675 465593 

skip to content


 safeway scaffolding


primary menu
home
services

commercial scaffolding
industrial scaffolding
bespoke scaffolding
areas we cover
testimonials


the team
health & safety
gallery
news
contact
01675 465593
 







we carry out work for


both small & 
large scale 
commercial projects



learn more	


 


commercial & bespoke scaffolding specialists in birmingham


safeway scaffolding is one of the longest-established scaffolding companies in the midlands, operating from our base in coleshill, birmingham. we are known to be reliable and professional, and cover the whole of the birmingham and midlands areas. we specialise in the supply and erection of commercial scaffolding and bespoke scaffolding for a variety of industries. get in touch today by calling us on 01675 465593.
for all our clients, we provide both designed and tg20:21 conforming scaffolds, including the erection and dismantling using cisrs-trained scaffolders.



get in touch	

areas we cover
safeway scaffolding offer commercial and bespoke scaffolding across the west midlands. we have many clients from areas beyond birmingham such as wolverhampton, leicester and nottingham. if you are looking for scaffolding in these areas, or any region across the west midlands, safeway scaffolding can help.


scaffolding contracts throughout the midlands and birmingham


safeway scaffolding is well-known throughout the midlands and birmingham as a leading scaffolding contractor. we firmly believe that we’re the best at what we do and our knowledge, plus our years of experience, vindicate people’s choice of us as their number one source for access scaffolding, scaffolding contracts and scaffolding erectors.

 

 

health and safety


 

health and safety


getting to your customers at the right time is crucial...



 


 

 

commercial scaffolding


 

commercial scaffolding


getting to your customers at the right time is crucial...



 


 

 

bespoke scaffolding


 

bespoke scaffolding


getting to your customers at the right time is crucial...



 



why choose us?


we are nasc members
we have many years of experience and expertise in scaffolding, on commercial and bespoke scaffolding contracts.
our staff and operatives are fully cisrs trained


we specialise in unusual or bespoke scaffolding
we offer personal consideration and reliable staff
we have scaffolding available for contract as well as a full contracting service




get in touch	



case studies




michael james presley 
l.s.t.richard dewhurst
canal & river trustjane hodkinson
air liquide uk ltdl.n allen.
postensioned structure (uk) ltdcarl o’malley
adi groupjay standen
frankley wtw 

 

would you be so kind as to pass on my thanks and appreciation for the level of service and very quick response to our request for scaffolding in an  emergency and at very short notice safeway has never let us down and we dot really think to say thank you at the time.
i rang steven hann yesterday and at very short notice he had a gang at our coaley installation and the job was completed  by lunch time and there was no interruption to the process.
thank you  again and please pass on our appreciation to the team

 

their approach to every project is always with a consistently helpful and positive approach. safeway have consistently produced innovative and inventive solutions to projects they have worked on for me, and i have always received positive feedback from both the client and colleagues from within my own organisation, which has been beneficial to me,
i would have no hesitation in recommending safeway scaffolding, as a first rate company, and one which i have never had any problem with in any way, and also one which i personally enjoy doing business with.

 

i have dealt with safeway scaffolding ltd since 2002. during this time they have provided the company with excellent service in supply of labour and equipment, detailing the scaffolding of gas storage vessels, internally and externally.
i can confidently recommend safeway scaffolding ltd as a solid and reliable supplier, and experts in their field.

 

we wish to express our thanks for your efforts on our behalf at the site. a usual you completed the works to the agreed programme and your operatives were helpful and co-operative. you can be assured that should the opportunity arise we shall be pleased to employ safeway scaffolding again the future.

 

i would to thank you for the professional approach to the work carried out by your team it has been acknowledged by myself and ian from bmw that the installation of the scaffold, drawings, paper work and the regular safety checks have been an absolute credit to your company and i would have no hesitation to use or recommend safeway scaffolding in the future.

 

thank you for the support you provided to help costain successfully undertake important pipe connections at frankly wtw working 24 hours a day between 19th and 21st of november.
the operation was completed without accident or incident, within the allocated timescale, to a high quality and wholesome water supply was maintained at all times.
please pass on my thanks to all involved in the lead up to this operation and in particular to those who were directly involved in the operation itself, their commitment and ability to remain focussed at all times and in all weathers was commendable.
 



read more	



our staff members


safeway scaffolding limited is growing at a constant rate and we want this to keep going for the future. we want and strive to be the best at what we do and the only company people will choose when they need scaffolding for their commercial, bespoke and commercial projects.

 


peter roche


managing director


 


kelly naylor


general manager/planner


 


steven vine


estimator


 


william roche







read more	



gallery

    birmingham children’s hospital, birmingham . designed independent scaffold to give protection and safe access for the demolition of a car park.trowbridge stw, bournemouth  . an 18-metre independent tower, to give access to fit pipework in a digester, the digester was coated with a glass-like material, therefore the scaffold had to be constructed so that it did not scratch the sides of the digester .victoria square, birmingham . designed temporary roof cover (weather protection) for the river fountain ‘floozie in the jacuzzi’ to allow for repairs and refurbishment to the fountain and surrounding areas.ebley, stroud  . suspended scaffold crossing the stroudwater navigation and the river frome, to give access to repair a pipe bridge. pontoons had to be used to ferry materials across due to no access on one side of the canal. tow path was still open therefore pedestrian access was needed.foleshill, coventry.an independent free-standing tower to allow access to dismantle a fake tree telecommunications mast.coleshill stw, birmingham . heavy duty designed loading bay scaffold, to give access for removal of a centrifuge.


view more	



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



enquire now


 









































main linkshome
the team
health & safety
news
contact
 

servicescommercial scaffolding
industrial scaffolding
bespoke scaffolding
areas we cover
testimonials
 

otherprivacy policy
disclaimer
sitemap
 

address company no.03039808
safeway scaffolding limited
station road, coleshill, birmingham, west midlands,
telephone 01675 465593

connect

 

 





copyright © 2025 safeway scaffolding all rights reserved


















