



























stopping puppy mills | humane world













      skip to main content
    




























humane world


humane world








                about us
          
toggle submenu









                our mission and impact
          





                our history
          





                our new brand
          











                leadership team
          





                diversity, equity and inclusion
          





                how we help local pet shelters and rescue groups
          











                where we work
          
toggle submenu









                africa
          









                liberia
          





                south africa
          

















                asia
          









                india
          





                south korea
          





                viet nam
          

















                europe
          









                germany
          





                italy
          





                united kingdom
          

















                latin america
          









                brazil
          





                costa rica
          





                mexico
          

















                north america
          









                canada
          





                united states
          

















                australia
          











                issues
          
toggle submenu









                access to care
          





                animals in research
          





                dog and cat meat trade
          





                helping captive wildlife
          





                protecting dogs and cats
          











                animal rescue and response
          





                equine protection
          





                farmed animal welfare
          





                stopping puppy mills
          





                wildlife protection
          






















 

take action: end cruel fur farming worldwide.  



sign the petition














                take action
          
toggle submenu









                get involved
          









                action center
          





                volunteer for animals
          





                events
          

















                ways to give
          









                donate now
          





                start a fundraiser
          





                leave a legacy
          





                donate your car
          











                workplace giving
          





                cause partnerships
          





                humane heroes
          





                humane leaders
          




























 

sign the petition to end the cruel dog meat trade.



take action














                get informed
          
toggle submenu









                animal care resources
          





                "a humane world" blog
          





                all animals magazine
          





                humanepro resources for animal welfare professionals
          





                humane voices podcast
          






















 

take action: end cruel fur farming worldwide.  



sign the petition














media room


careers


contact us


donate






media room


careers


contact us


donate












donate













search humaneworld.org


search


common searches:


frequently asked questions


donate


issues









































                    
                  
                  meredith lee
                  /                   
                  
                  the hsus
                




stopping puppy mills



it's time to end the cruel treatment of dogs in mass breeding operations.





take action































the problem with puppy mills 







in puppy mills, mother dogs spend their entire lives in cramped cages with little to no personal attention. due to poor sanitation, overbreeding and a lack of preventive veterinary care, the puppies frequently suffer from a variety of health issues, creating heartbreaking challenges for families who should be enjoying the delights of adopting a new family member. 















10,000





puppy mills


 



are estimated to be currently active in the united states












500,000





dogs


 
are kept solely for breeding purposes in all puppy mills









2.6 million





puppies


 
are sold each year after originating from a puppy mill




















what are puppy mills?
inhumane high-volume dog breeding facilities that churn out puppies for profit, ignoring the needs of the pups and their mothers. they commonly sell through internet sales, online classified ads, flea markets and pet stores. responsible breeders will be happy to meet you in person and show you where the puppy was born and raised—and where their mom lives too.


































                    amie chou/humane world for animals
                




pledge to protect puppies


puppy mills force animals to live in deplorable conditions. you can stop this cruel cycle by pledging to adopt from a shelter or rescue or to purchase from a responsible breeder.




take the pledge

















our work around the world







we're fighting to stop puppy mills on all possible levels, including supporting legislative changes, conducting investigations and litigation and promoting public awareness and education.






breaking: horrible hundred report exposes american kennel club as complicit in puppy millssome of the findings of our latest horrible hundred report sound like scenes from horror films. one breeder was associated with the american kennel club, a purebred dog registry organization that used to call itself “the dog’s champion.” progress! 15 horrible hundred puppy mills shut down or penalized so far this yearsince we first started publishing our horrible hundred report on problem puppy mills in 2013, at least 2,500 animals have been rescued from these bad breeders, and more than 250 puppy mills from our reports have closed.nervous mother dog rescued from oklahoma puppy mill finally gets the life she deservesin march this year, our animal rescue team arrived at two properties in milburn, oklahoma, to assist the johnston county sheriff’s office with an alleged animal cruelty situation.indiana animal welfare organizations unite against controversial pro-puppy mill bill, hb 1412the humane society of the united states joins hoosier animal shelters, rescues and local governments in strongly opposing hb 1412.
































                    usda/
                







stop puppy mills



2024 horrible hundred


our annual report documenting 100 of the country's known puppy mills has been released for 2024




read the latest report













take action

there are an estimated 10,000 puppy mills across the country, where mother dogs spend their entire lives in cramped cages. take action to help save puppies and their moms from suffering in these cruel mass-breeding operations.





    related petitions to issue








 





volunteer to rescue animals











animal rescue volunteers work with our animal rescue team to help save animals from cruelty and disasters. apply now to get trained so we can count on you when disaster strikes.












 















 





become a volunteer humane policy leader!


be an advocate for animals. help advance federal, state and local animal protection legislation and policies.












 





tell petland to stop selling puppies


the national chain of pet stores (the last national chain to still sell dogs) has been linked to the cruel puppy mill industry. urge petland to go humane and stop selling puppies.














other actions you can take














dig deeper




we're fighting to end the cruelty of high-volume dog breeding facilities that churn out puppies for profit. learn more about the obstacles facing pups and their mothers and how you can help.









 









predatory lending can leave puppy buyers in financial ruin







want to buy a puppy? protect yourself from greedy banks and pet stores.













 









the horrible hundred







the horrible hundred report is a list of known, problematic puppy breeding and/or puppy brokering facilities. it is not a list of all puppy mills, nor is it a list of the worst puppy mills in the country, but rather a list of dog breeders to avoid.













 









a behind-the-scenes look at a puppy mill rescue in oklahoma







a writer helps our animal rescue team save 250 dogs from cruel conditions at a puppy mill.













 









where to get a puppy and how to adopt a dog







when looking for a puppy, please skip pet stores and internet sites to consider a dog from a shelter or rescue first.













 









adopting pets from animal shelters or rescues







looking to add a pet to your family? local animal shelters and rescue groups can be great places to search for a new cat, dog, bird, small animal—or even a horse or pig! here’s how to go about it.













 









resources for pet owners







resources to help you have the best life with your pet.
























stop puppy mills!






you can stop this cycle of cruelty by adopting your next pet. you can also donate to help shut down puppy mills and continue our lifesaving work for all animals.





donate now




































                    chuck cook/for the hsus
                


















 



footer menu


media room


careers


contact us


donate





global - social menu


humane world for animals


connect with us























global - legal menu


about us


diversity and inclusion


governance


financials


privacy and cookie policy













 








 



© 2025 humane world for animals is registered as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. contributions to the humane world for animals are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law. the humane world for animals tax identification number is 53-0225390.





































