




airfield models - radio control flying aircraft and display models




























 




 


















site born
    march 1, 2002
























































     


welcome 
	to airfield models

    airfield models is my personal web site for model builders and those who 
	appreciate the art of model building.

news 
    about my magnetic fixture system (pricing and availability)


     



     

main points of interest



      radio control, display and control-line models — 
      articles and hundreds of photos.


articles for model-builders 
	  — 
      lots of articles including these series:

 

      how-to's — building and finishing techniques and 
	  tools you can make.

 

      make a magnetic building system — extremely detailed information about 
	  the best and fastest method for building very accurate model aircraft.


purchase my 
      magnetic fixture system ii



 
model-building 
	  tips and general philosophy — build 
	  attractive and unique models that work properly.

 
model-building 
	  tools
— the trick to good craftsmanship is not 
	  always having the right tool, but having it helps a lot.

 

      construction materials — what i know about what i 
	  build models from.


 
	  model aircraft glow engines and fuel systems
— learn to run your engines reliably 
	  so you can have fun flying.

 

      model airplane math and
      
      design theory — not only so you can design 
	  your own, but to help you understand why model airplanes do what they do.




      frequently asked questions — 
      common or interesting model-building questions that i've been asked.


items for sale 
	  — magnetic fixture sets, kits, tools, etc.


      miscellaneous references and
      
      resources (links) — photos of related subjects 
	  and links that provide more information.

 my 
	  elite infantry keeps pests out of the shop
— he's fierce so don't mess with him.



     



     


    note 1:   

    my vision is getting noticeably worse.  all my modeling 
    life i've been trying to find the holy grail of magnifying glasses — even when my vision was a lot better than it is now.

    so right off the bat i'm going to save you some time, frustration and money.

    you do not need any kind of magnifying, lighted headset-type magnifying 
    glasses to work with tiny modeling pieces.  what you need is a couple 
    sets of reading glasses and good lighting in your work area.  i was 
    snowed for so long by the modeling suppliers who tried to sell me all kind 
    of modeling magnifiers and they all pretty much are expensive, a pain to use 
    and don't work that well.  reading glasses work great - even cheap 
    ones.

    you're welcome.

    second note:

    i'm not a journalist.  i've never been to journalism 
    school.  i know nothing about journalism.  but i think there's a 
    rule that says if you change anything you've already published that you're 
    supposed to clearly note that.  i'm reading through this site for the 
    first time in a long time and finding all kinds of typos and things that are 
    badly or oddly worded and fixing them.  i'm not making any notes about 
    it.  if i change my viewpoint on a thing then i will but i'm not noting 
    small things i'm fixing like changing "it's" to "its", for example.   
    so some page dates will be recent (as of this writing) but that doesn't 
    indicate new or changed information unless noted.  mostly it's just 
    fixing misspellings and weirdly phrased things.

     



     


work is what i do 
	for the love of it.  a job is how i pay for it.

- paul k. johnson


     



     



copyright © 2002-2024 paul k. 
	johnson

     





