




organic pick your own apples in maine


































































 
 








apple acres
207-625-4777

363 durgintown rd
hiram,
                  me
04041

contact us






our farm

history
gallery
blog


events

events
rent the farm!
field trips
weddings


visit us

covid-19 safety protocols!
hours and location
the farm store
bird watching
education & tours
gallery


the fruit

our fruit
recipes
nutrition
pick your own


dining






hosting bluegrass festival september 14th, 2024 new location
join us september 14th from 11-5 at "crooked river" next to the ossipee valley faigrounds, for our new location of the bluegrass festival. the farm proper is no longer open for pyo/farm store. we do still rent our dining room!









n/a 2024 
not currently open for pyo






weddings
farm wedding venue

the venue





lunch on the farm
sandwiches, soups, salads & more

learn more





 covid-19 safety protocols



         
    






a six acre organic pick-your-own fruit farm
apple acres farm
apple acres farm is southern maine’s certified organic pick your own. we also have a beautiful ‘treehouse’ dining room offering farm to table lunch and homemade desserts. our farm store features over 100 maine made products, fudge, cider donuts, pies, and gifts.  plus there’s a playground for the kids! we are nestled in the pine forest foothills of southwestern maine, only a 45 minute drive from coastal portland, or north conway & mount washington. we host weddings, school programs, event rentals, as well as our annual bluegrass and bbq festival, and more! orchards have blossomed here for over a century, and our family has worked the land since 1949.

the history of our farm







if children are to keep alive their inborn sense of wonder, they need the companionship of at least one adult who can share it, rediscovering with them the joy, excitement, and mystery of the world we live in.
- rachel carson


come visit us









 


our pledge to you
we care about our ecosystem and the health and happiness of our community. we believe that we are a part of nature, and that fighting nature is a fight against ourselves.
our orchards are engaged in an exiciting transitional process, and we are officially certified organic now. we focus on soil health and nutritional density, using hollistic sprays such as seaweed powder, fish oil, and herbal teas in addition to traditional organic sprays that are biologically derived. our long term goal is to replant the orchards with many varieties of fruit, in the meantime we raise four varieties of pick your own apples, as well as peaches, pears, blueberries and raspberries. we are one of the only organic pick your own orchards in new england, it is a very difficult endeavor! there will be some ugly fruit, but plenty of beautiful fruit as well, and we are committed to education and are happy to talk with you about our farm and our journey. please also join us for on site events such as our music series, in our farm to table restaurant, or consider tying the knot with an apple acres wedding! we love sharing our home with you.




 


what's apple acres farm up to?





visit with us on socials!
 
rate us on trip advisor »




weddings at apple acres
book your wedding, shower, or event with us!
view the latest update »




the healthy farm
a view into the farm, its ecosystem and what we are doing to keep it healthy.
view the latest update »




get in touch / stay in touch
207-625-4777
                363 durgintown rd
                hiram, me 04041
contact us »





© 2025 apple acres farm - all rights reserved - privacy policy - terms and conditions


 




our farm

history gallery blog
events

events rent the farm! field trips weddings
visit us

covid-19 safety protocols! hours and location the farm store bird watching education & tours gallery
the fruit

our fruit recipes nutrition pick your own
dining


















