





libby, montana - visitor information & guide




 libby,
                montana and kootenai river country
cabinet
mountains wilderness, lake koocanusa, nw montana 
 
  area 
            
        attractions photo 
                  
        gallery 
outdoor 
recreation
businesses &
services 
lincoln
county government

libby
        chamber 
        
  of commerce  quick
          links: 


news
            & photo story archives |  golf  |  gold
    panning | lodging | heritage
    museum

  kootenai
          national forest
 troy        eureka
 yaak

calendar
    of events

 









  
  newcomer 
info   
visiting 
libby?

lodging

real estate
more businesses 
chamber 
of commerce 
calendar of events
how to get here

local 
news:
the 
western news    classified 
ads
klcb radio news 
  
area 
attractions  area 
attractions 
cabinet wilderness 
golf course 
heritage museum 
kootenai falls 
kootenai forest 
kootenai river 
lake koocanusa 
libby dam 
libby gold panning 
lookouts 
northwest peaks 
ross creek cedars 
ten lakes 
turner ski area


 photo 
gallery  photo 
gallery  
 
events
 

calendar
irish fair 
stokr bike tour
libby logger days
two rivers rendezvous
kootenai river rodeo
ignite the nites
nordicfest
riverfront blues
    festival




 outdoors


outdoor recreation 
  camping
  fishing
  golf
  trails
  snowmobiling
  x-c skiing
  downhill skiing
bears
ticks




community
              info



 airport
businesses
calendar of events
churches
community profile
jobs & employment
history
schools
town map
area map
 meeting facility chart (pdf)
 neighbors
other useful links




  ignite the nites car show held in august






ice fishing derbies  halfway house bar and grill, fisher river valley fire/rescue auxiliary and the lodge at mcgregor lake are holding ice fishing derbies this month. recent cold weather has allowed ice to form on area lakes, just in time for the derbies. the bull lake derby is february 8-9 with 6" to 8" of ice reported on february 2. the thompson chain of lakes derby will be held february 15-16. and the lodge at mcgregor lake will hold its derby february 22-23. pictured is middle thompson lake on january 30.
 photo by maggie craig.


   headlines:
 
bill passes to rename the kootenai river bridge to the staff sergeant arthur j rambo memorial bridge

lincoln county real estate news

libby dam 50th commemoration begins with logo contest

news archive
upcoming 
  events: 

turner mountain open: 
open fridays, saturdays and sundays 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. as snow conditions allow. updates here on facebook. 


february 15: kate voss and the hot sauce: 
at the memorial center at 7:00 p.m. more info and tickets here.


february 15-16: fisher river valley fire/rescue auxiliary winter ice fishing derby: 
cash prizes for pike, salmon, rainbow and perch. more info here.


february 16: outhouse races: 
at the yaak river tavern & mercantile. outhouse races at 1:00 p.m. 
vendors' market at noon at the dirty shame.  music at 3:00 p.m. by jj 
kind. 


february 17: customer appreciation day at turner mountain: 
free and reduced lift tickets with voucher from area businesses.  more info here on facebook.


february 22-23: the lodge at mcgregor lake ice fishing derby: 
more info at 406-858-2253.


february 26: books & banter book club: 
libby library's february's book club meeting will be held at the library at 11:00 a.m.  the snow child by eowyn ivey is the selection. reserved copies are available at the circulation desk. 



february 28: dueling pianos pub night: 
at the memorial center at 6:00 p.m. more info and tickets here.


march 22: mari black trio: 
at the memorial center at 7:00 p.m. more info and tickets here.


april 5: galpal prom: 
at tiffany's in libby from 6:00 to 9:30 p.m. prom attire required. line 
dancing, charcuterie style dinner and desserts. swag bag for every 
attendee. $30 limited tickets for sale. call carla at 208-640-6036 for 
tickets or purchase at tiffany's, 408 mineral ave. for 18 and over 
event.


april 23: workforce expo: 
presented by libby job service at the memorial center. more info: job 
service in libby at 406.293.6282 or email libbyjsc@mt.gov. 


april 25: ian sherwood: 
at the memorial center at 7:00 p.m. more info and tickets here.


may 17: eagle valley amish auction: 
in libby at meadowlark log homes.  more info here.


click
     here for libby montana events calendar. 
  we will list
 lincoln county events for free on our calendar. e-mail
 us to let us know
 about your upcoming event! 
libby 
lodging:
libby bed & breakfasts 
| libby
motels 
libby
guest ranches | libby
cabins 
libby 
motel chart (pdf)
 libby meeting & convention facility chart
(pdf)


featured
                  business 

   
        click for details  
visit
                  our web site for more information about us!



  
 
eureka 
  web cam

how
              to get to libby
how
    far is it?
mileage
  chart to libby
libby
              road condition reports online
libby & montana
            vacation planner

    visit the heritage museum


neighboring
              towns 


eureka
              chamber
eureka mt events 
        fortine
troy chamber 
city of troy
        yaak




              area links


city
              of libby
lincoln county government
economic development
libby chamber
libby
            memorial events cntr
libby web cam
st john's hospital
turner ski area
more links





other
              info


kootenai
              national forest info:
kootenai national
                forest
kootenai forest
                brochures
kootenai
                press releases
wild fire info:
local
                fire info
montana fire news
us fire map
libby asbestos info:
epa
                libby asbestos


have a question
      about the libby area? info@libbymt.com
interested
      in advertising on libbymt.com? 
  click here for 
  advertising information

logger days 
    held in june
 
  business
      links
advertising info


lodging


bed & breakfasts
   dumont's
        b&b
cabins
campgrounds 
guest
              ranches 
motels
vacation
                rentals 



recreation


entertainment
fishing
horseback adventures
marinas
movie theaters 
outfitters & guides 
rv 
snowmobiles



shopping


antiques/collectibles
arts,
              crafts, pottery 
book
            stores 
clothing 
farm & ranch 
florists
    gifts
  mountain meadows 
health
      food 
hobbies 
home
      decor 
smoking
      
sporting
      goods 



services


attorneys
automobile
banks
builders 
car
          rentals 
catering
          
computer
          services
dining
environmental protection
financial
    services 
health
    care 
heating/cooling 
insurance
                  
internet
      services
log homes 
newspapers
organizations
  libby
      chamber
photography
professional
                services
radio
  klcb-ktny
                  radio 
              real estate: 
 
            team hayes
rv
schools
storage
surveyors 
taxidermists
telecommunications 
timber industry
transportation
water
                systems
web
                                  services
advertising
            info 


 


 
news:


ssgt arthur j. rambo 

bill passes to rename the kootenai river bridge to the staff sergeant arthur j rambo memorial bridge (posted 1/19/2025)
libbymt.com
the montana legislature passed sb59, a bill that renames the kootenai river bridge in libby, montana as the staff sergeant arthur j. rambo memorial bridge. the bill was passed on january 16, 2025 and signed by montana governor greg gianforte.the bill dedicates the bridge on highway 37 in libby, over the kootenai river, to honor army staff sergeant arthur j. rambo. he was a montana native who heroically served and was killed in action in 1969 in vietnam, just short of his 24th birthday. he was awarded the silver star after working courageously to save his crew members during an attack in november, 1969.  three fellow soldiers were also killed in the attack.  by naming this bridge after rambo, the libby community wishes for the legislation and bridge to permanently recognize his sacrifice and service to the country. the bill also directs the montana department of transportation to design and install commemorative signs on the bridge and to create a memorial plaque near the bridge. ssgt rambo served in the 11th armored cavalry regiment (the legendary blackhorse regiment) near the cambodian border.  he was the section chief of an m-109 self propelled howitzer.  for the bravery he displayed in the firefight on thanksgiving day, november 26, 1969, he was awarded the silver star posthumously.  the silver star is the third highest medal awarded in the military. ssgt rambo left behind a wife and two infant daughters. he is buried in the libby cemetery.silver star – posthumous - sergeant arthur john rambo26 november 1969howitzer battery, 3rd squadron11th armored cavalry regimentsergeant rambo distinguished himself by gallantry in action while engaged in military operations involving conflict with an armed hostile force on 26 november 1969 while serving as an artilleryman with the howitzer battery, 3d squadron, 11th armored cavalry regiment, in the republic of vietnam. on this date he was located at the squadron command post when it suddenly came under an intense mortar and ground attack from a north vietnamese army force. in the initial moments of the firefight, a rocket propelled grenade slammed into a cargo vehicle next to him, and the vehicle erupted in explosions and fire. sergeant rambo immediately began alerting the personnel in the area and directing them away from the area. he then crawled to the fiercely burning vehicle and attempted to drive it out of the area. suddenly another grenade hit the vehicle and he was thrown to the ground. undaunted, he crawled to a self-propelled howitzer and started the engine. as he began driving out of the area, the vehicle was hit by yet another rocket propelled grenade and he was fatally injured in the ensuing fire and explosions. sergeant rambo’s heroic actions were in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit upon himself, his unit and the united states army.headquarters, ii field force vietnam, general orders no. 4896 (23 december 1969)this bill originated through a conversation between libby high school alumnus mark fennessy (1965) and libby vfw harper erdman post 1548 vice commander keith kidwell. the renaming is in response to a request from the libby community, many of ssgt rambo’s friends, the rambo family, and libby’s vfw post, to honor this soldier’s memory.the rambo family said in a media release, "the staff sergeant arthur j rambo memorial bridge will be a testament of arthur’s service and duty to his country but it will also be a reminder to remember and honor all vietnam soldiers.  art’s family and friends hope this will be healing for those who lost loved ones and those who came home to an ungrateful nation."the family expressed their appreciation to senator mike cuffe of eureka, representing lincoln county, for presenting this bill and orchestrating the stages it took to pass through both houses of the legislature, smoothly and in record time. they also expressed appreciation to representative neal duram, also of eureka, for his role presenting and moving sb59 through the house of representatives. governor greg gianforte stated he felt honored to sign the bill - the first bill to be presented and passed in the 2025 montana legislative session.plans are now being formulated to create the plaques by the mt department of transportation.  the plaque will be mounted on each end of the bridge.  there will be a formal dedication celebration at a later date. related links:blackhorse memoriallibby bridge to be named after fallen soldier by sean wells, 8kpax, jan. 12, 2025effort to rename libby bridge after fallen soldier headed to legislature by scott shindledecker, the western news, jan. 3, 2025


lincoln county real estate news (posted 11/22/2024)
guest post by alice hayes, team hayes realtors
january 1, 2024 through november 9, 2024:residential sales (144): libby – 102troy – 40yaak - 2land sales (46):libby – 22troy – 21yaak - 3commercial/multi-family sales (7):libby – 5troy – 2____________________residential pending (18):libby – 11troy - 7land pending (18):libby – 13troy - 5commercial/multi-family pending (4):libby – 3troy - 1____________________residential actives (117):libby – 79troy – 38yaak - 2land actives (105): libby – 67troy – 25yaak - 13commercial/multi-family actives (19): libby – 15troy – 4____________________interest rates are troubling!as of november 9, 2024 – conforming & fha loans:20-year fixed: 6.92%15-year fixed: 6.26%2024 has been an interesting year… and the market seems to have slowed considerably. the fact the federal reserve has made two cuts to their rates has had little to no impact on the interest rates charged to buy homes. in fact, that rate has continued to rise. we have a new president now. will that have an impact on home interest rates? time will tell.contact:team hayes realtors, llcalice and jim hayes417 mineral ave, suite 1 (in the mineral plaza)libby, montana406-293-2725alice: 406-293-8364alice@alicehayes.comjim@alicehayes.comjim: 406-293-1926www.teamhayesrealtors.com


libby dam 50th commemoration begins with logo contest (posted 11/6/2024)
ceremony to be held august 23, 2025 at libby damus army corps of engineers - libby dam
libby, montana --u.s. army corps of engineers launched a logo contest to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the dedication of libby dam.libby dam 50th commemoration logo contest officials invite high school and college students, and adults to submit their logo designs to celebrate 50 years of operations.the contest is a lead-up event to the 50th commemoration ceremony (e-invitation) august 23, 2025, 10:00 a.m. - noon at libby dam visitor center.  a reception will follow the ceremony. open to all ages, there is no cost to submit logo designs for the contest. entries must be submitted to libbydamlegacy@usace.army.mil before january 1, 2025, 11:59 p.m. mt.libby dam provides protection from floods, produces hydroelectric power, and manages natural and cultural resources and recreation, while contributing to irrigation and navigation operations downstream."we’re looking for a logo, designed by the public, that highlights libby dam’s many uses today," said park ranger susan james. "we’ll feature the chosen logo on our commemoration materials, so we’re inviting everyone to submit their ideas for consideration."the chosen entry will also be showcased on official commemorative products, official public website and social media."we hope the students who’ve joined us on our previous educational tours, will take advantage of their holiday breaks, get creative and inspired to send us their ideas," said james.contest entries will be displayed on the libby dam 50th commemoration webpage.for contest requirements, guidelines and rules for high school and college students and adults, click here. kindergarten through 8th grade students can also participate in the celebrations. for more information on the contest, contact susan james at 406-293-5577.

libby 
lies in the northwest corner of montana and is nestled in a valley carved by the 
kootenai river on the flank of the majestic cabinet mountain range and wilderness 
area. today 
about 2,800 people live within libby proper. the main industries are lumber and 
wood products, mining, tourism and recreation. the movies "the river wild" and 
"always" were filmed here. contact the libby 
chamber of commerce for brochures, info on lodging and events, general area 
information, and contact information for local businesses and services.
summer 
when the weather warms and the mountain
      snows melt away, the kootenai national forest comes alive with over 2.2
      million acres of public land as a playground. mountain trails and lakes
      open up, beautiful wildflowers come in bloom, and wildlife have their young.
      libby is the basecamp for the cabinet mountains wilderness area, 90-mile
      long lake koocanusa, the northwest peaks scenic area, and the ten lakes
      scenic area. there is good access to most of the forest and plenty of room
      to get away from it all!

blue
          ribbon fishing in the kootenai
          river
cabinet
          wilderness area hiking and exploring
90-mile
      long lake koocanusa reservoir
 camping in
          dispersed and developed campgrounds
 miles
          of hiking, backpacking & mountain biking trails
2.2
      million acres to play on the kootenai
      national forest
 boating
          on the kootenai, lake koocanusa, and numerous area
          lakes
 golfing at
          cabinet view country club golf course

winter

winter in montana means snow, and lots 
of it! for those who love to play in the deep powder, the libby area offers tremendous 
winter fun. turner mountain ski area, located 
just 22 miles from libby, offers challenging downhill skiing with a beautiful 
view. their slogan is "steep, deep and cheap", and turner definitely 
lives up to that. it's still fairly undiscovered, so you can escape the crowds 
and get the cheapest lift tickets around. for those who love snowmobiling, 
there are hundreds of miles of backcountry roads to sled on in the kootenai national 
forest. cross-country skiers and ice fishermen also can find solitude on a lake 
and miles of quiet forest trails to enjoy the outdoors. those who are a bit on 
the wild and crazy side will love the antics of the libby polar bear club.
members take winter-time "swims" in frigid libby creek every sunday
from october to april. plungers have ranged in age from 3 to 61. as long as the
ice can be broken on the creek, if it has formed, the group will take their plunge,
no matter the temperature. 

these people must be 
craaaazzzzzy! libby 
polar bear club


  search 
our site:  
 
  
  
   
www  libbymt.com 
    
  for 
more visitor information, please contact the 
libby 
chamber of commerce
www.libbychamber.org 406-293-4167 
e-mail: libbyacc@libbychamber.org

 
libby montana chamber of commerce
  
  recreation maps: 



 boat & fishing
        access

water
        recreation sites

major
        trails



rock
        climbing areas

lake
        koocanusa

 
streamflows:
 streamflow
          at libby dam
streamflow
          at fisher river
lake
            koocanusa water level reports



 
   

libbymt.com,
po box 940, libby, mt 59923, 307-360-7689, e-mail: info@libbymt.com
advertising information 
libbymt.com is designed and maintained by wind river web services llc. photos
        by libbymt.com unless otherwise credited. staff photographer/reporter
        is maggie craig.
webmaster for
this  site is dawn ballou. libbymt.com
is a web  site designed to provide visitor information about the libby, montana
and the  lincoln county, northwest montana area. our staff is small, but we try
to cover as many local events as we can. we welcome photo and story contributions.
 we work with local community
entities to provide the information on this web site. we make every effort to
ensure the accuracy of the content of this site, however errors may occur. please
contact us for more information or if you find any broken links on our site.
we are
members of the libby chamber of commerce. we
welcome your comments and suggestions about the content on this web site. content
 and photos are copyright 2024, all rights reserved, and may not be reprinted,
 reproduced, or reused in printed form or electronic media (ie. other web sites
 or photos on cds) without first obtaining permission. if you wish to use photos
 or reprint articles from our site, please contact us by e-mail or phone. higher
 resolution versions of photos are available. usually there is no charge for
non-commercial  and not-for-profit organization uses. thank you for visiting
libby 
montana on the web!

    










