






his creation

















skip to main content








his creation

 

main menuhome
publications
nature sounds
royal nature explorers
resources
gallery
why study creation?
  


        my soul will make its boast in the lord;
        the humble will hear it and rejoice.
        o magnify the lord with me, and let us exalt his name together.
psalm 34:2-3


 







search form

search 





 

quick links

about us
contact us
 

recent updates




 new issue of the creator journal — a universe of love  

 the milky way galaxy: a tiny measure of christ’s love!  

 a universe of love  

 christ’s goodness: “the lord is good” (psalm 34:8)  

 grasses  

 

further reading

for further reading:purjoy bookshopligonier ministriesthunderstorms & flying spiders 

from the gallery




  
 female striped lynx spider (oxyopes salticus)  



    go to gallery »  

 
 
 
















new issue of the creator journal — a universe of love



here is the newest issue of our creator journal: https://shorturl.at/vnkq5  

read more about new issue of the creator journal — a universe of love
 





 new issue of the creator journal — a tale of fur & delight



here is our newest issue of the creator journal: https://shorturl.at/6b4tk 

read more about  new issue of the creator journal — a tale of fur & delight
 





desert mammals of our lord



lord willing, his creation will publish a creator journal on mammals at the end of june, completing our five-part study of vertebrates. recently, i found a beautiful montage of desert creatures recorded by jason miller outdoors. this 10-minute video showcases several wonderful mammals (and birds) our creator jesus has sown into this unique desert ecosystem. please enjoy! 

read more about desert mammals of our lord
 





new issue of the creator journal — his burning love - part 2



here is our newest issue of the creator journal: "his burning love - part 2" 

read more about new issue of the creator journal — his burning love - part 2
 





the common hand of jesus christ our creator



the two photos show the similarity between young mahonia leaves (native to eastern asia, the himalayas) and a giant isopod (gulf of mexico). how can a plant and a marine crustacean have such a similar appearance except that it is the one and the same creator who fashioned them both?! 

read more about the common hand of jesus christ our creator
 



pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »

 
 

 
 
 





about us
contact us
 











 
 

all content ©1992-2025 by his creation. all rights reserved.
 
 
 


