portland maine hotels: find portland maine hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactportland maine hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionadd your hotel area hotel rates group hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > portland maine homepageportland maine hotelshotel posts“kittery inn & suites - kittery maine & portsmouth nh”“the kittery inn & suites is a 1950s modern motel & hotel near kittery maine and portsmout…”posted by: kittery inn & suites“beautiful ocean views in this luxurious and historic hotel”“atlantic house hotel located at the heart of york beach maine is a boutique hotel steps f…”posted by: the atlantic house hotel & resort residences“welcome to our renovated holiday inn express hotel”“situated in south portland, maine off interstate 95 at exit 46, you'll find our contempor…”posted by: holiday inn express hotel & suites south portlandhotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“perfect”member, sid conners, portsmouth - “we stayed here without a reservation. we were …”said about: tallwood motel wells“great part of town, awesome!”private member, portsmouth - “this is a throwback motel which is being kept up th…”said about: tallwood motel wells“a wonderful experience”private member, portsmouth - “we love this place. i think my grandparents stayed …”said about: tallwood motel wellsreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » (try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for portland, maine!

portland lies on a peninsula in casco bay, on the atlantic coast of southern maine.  a principal trading and fishing port, since the 1600s, portland's original cobblestone streets and architecture have been well preserved over the centuries, and coexist with the more contemporary office buildings that still support a major fishing and lobster industry.  the author longfellow characterized his hometown as "a jewel by the sea," and many artists have come to live in the older section of town, now a major venue for shopping and art galleries.  the cruise ships are a great way to survey the ragged coastline of this area, explore some of the small islands in the bay, and even enjoy a lobster bake on the beach.  in contrast, the white mountains are a premier skiing destination, and are less than an hour's drive to the west. 

(if you are looking for the hotelguide for portland, oregon, please click here.)

we have organized our listings of portland, maine's local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater portland, maine area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.



browse hotels by location:
·portland
hotels located in the greater portland area. 

·kennebunk
hotels in the kennebunk, kennebunkport and kennebunk beach areas.  

·york beach
hotels located just north of portsmouth in the york beach, york harbor and kittery areas.  

·ogunquit
hotels in ogunquit, located south of portland between kennebunk and york beach. 

·surrounding communities
hotels located in portland's surrounding communities including brunswick, lewiston and bath. 

·south portland
hotels located in the south portland area. 




browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide portland, maine home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: almost a quarter of maine's residents live in portland.  the area code for all of maine, including portland, is 207.  
« top of pageadjacent links:augusta, me hotelsmanchester, nh hotelsrelated links:bangor hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse dayboston hotelshalifax hotelsnew bedford hotelsprovidence hotelsquebec city hotelsworcester hotelsother versions:portland maine guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > portland maine homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the portland maine hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide portland maine are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideretailguidediningguidehotelguidecruiseguidemore locations...
portland maine hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritesedwards harborside innflagship motelmaine stay inn & cottagesenchanted nights bed & breakfastholiday inn portland by the bayhoward johnson hotel south portlandeastland park hoteldoubletree by hilton hotel portlandparkwood innthe viking motor inndays inn kitterytravelodge portlandthe anchorage by the seamariner resort motelthe meadowmere resorthotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





