


wolfe's leisure time campground








wolfe's leisure time campground
7414 old state road 25 north
lafayette, in 47905-8209
765-589-8089  (10am-6pm)
wolfescamp@wltc.org



home   activities   guidelines    rates    camp map    links    reservations ·  contact









happy new year!

			off season, "limited services" & propane sales
			office hours - 10am to 6pm
limited availability, make your reservations early!
			 < all tent sites are currently "closed"  until mid may 2025>
click here to request a reservation
come camp along the wabash river in north central indiana
please note:  for inquiries, simply fill out our reservation request form.
enjoy family fun camping at our quaint family owned & operated recreational campground.

			we are located on 35 acres along the wabash river in the rural "americus" section of lafayette in tippecanoe county indiana.

			campsites from full hook-up sites that can accommodate up to 40 ft recreational vehicles to primitive tent sites along the wabash river.

			nearby attractions include purdue university, wolf park, historic battleground, phrophetstown state park and much, much more.
			visit our "links page" for information on canoeing, hiking and other interesting activities to fill your recreational needs.

			click on our "activities" link to see what we have planned each weekend throughout the camping season.






get your non-holiday reservations in early with our easy to use "reservation request form". call us between 10am & 7pm to secure holiday weekend reservations.

			our facilities offer outdoor recreation including a seasonal in-ground swimming pool, basketball, volleyball, 2 playgrounds, golf cart and hiking trails, boat ramp & river fishing,
			along with rustic nature viewing areas.

			the "americus town hall" contains the recreation room which has a pool table, video games and a concession stand and hosts many of our group events.
the registration office has a camp store for many of your forgotten camping needs. wi-fi ($) is available throughout the campsite areas.
			restrooms, showers and laundry are located near the main entrance.





               




               
























enjoy your cyber visit but be sure to come camping to enjoy the relaxing effects of nature.













