




emerald village - gem mines north carolina





emerald village - gem mines north carolina
































































 


 













home
rates & dates
mines & activities

nc mining museum
the gemstone mine
gold panning
discovery mill building
mineral collecting
crabtree emerald mine
black light mine tour


online store
area info
group info
photos
location
contact
menu 




 join us on facebook 













 



what to see & do!

emerald village has plenty of activities and exhibits. click here for more information and photos! more info »






how to find us!

emerald village is located in western nc, midway between asheville & boone/blowing rock, nc! more info »






special events!

emerald village has a lot to see every day, and certain days and nights are something special! more info »






open april 1, 2025 - november 2, 2025. order online year-round!







welcome to emerald village!
emerald village is a group of gem, mining, and historical attractions nestled deep in the blue ridge mountains of western north carolina, just off the blue ridge parkway and within an hour's drive of asheville, boone, and blowing rock. located in a spectacular mountain setting, emerald village is home to 12 historic real mines and has been featured on national geographic tv, the travel channel, and many other tv programs and magazines. come see why we say "real mines!  real fun!" we have a lot to see and do! be sure to bring your camera and take pictures to share back home. people come from all over the world to visit emerald village!
explore the north carolina mining museum and take an underground tour of the historic bon ami mine. learn the history of mining in this area, see the splashing bon ami waterfall, and marvel at impressive collections of old mining and historical equipment.
experience the thrill of discovery at the gemstone mine, and choose from a variety of gem buckets available. keep everything you find! have your special finds made into beautiful jewelry for a very special souvenir.
emerald village is pet friendly!  we accept all major credit/debit cards!
 view our fun activities

 
discover for yourself!
tour the discovery mill building, with 12 levels of fascinating exhibits including a model railroad display, native wildlife, black-light minerals, antique tool collection, and the impressive antique music museum.
browse our 2 unique gift shops featuring items from all around the world, grab a quick snack, or bring a picnic and enjoy our indoor or outdoor picnic areas. try gold panning at emerald village and experience the fun of finding a flash of gold in the pan!


those looking for rugged adventure can dig for emeralds in the dumps of the world famous crabtree emerald mine or dig for minerals on the historic mckinney mine dumps at emerald village, where over 100 different rocks, minerals and gems have been found! for a unique after-dark experience, take the black light mine tour on selected special nights and see the underground mine magically light up with special ultraviolet lamps.
emerald village is a place like no other, with so much to see and do! please visit us soon. we promise a "gem of a day"!
 
 






828-rok-mine (828-765-6463) | info@emeraldvillage.com
book your adventure
 

			copyright © 2015 emerald village | sitemapnorth carolina web design by appnet.com. 		


book now 





























