




home - vpa – syracuse university

 


























































by continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies in accordance with our privacy policy.


dismiss





skip to content







 
 
 


open  close primary navigation




search



					search				


 




aboutexpand  collapse sectionadministrationhistoryevents calendarnewsgiving opportunitiescontact vpaacademicsexpand  collapse sectionschool of artdepartment of communication and rhetorical studiesdepartment of creative arts therapyschool of designdepartment of dramadepartment of film and media artssetnor school of musicvpa globalexpand  collapse sectionabroadlos angelesexpand  collapse sectionla semesternew york cityadmissionsexpand  collapse sectionundergraduate admissionsgraduate admissionsrequest informationresearchexpand  collapse sectionfaculty research: publications, grants, and awardsfaculty creative scholarshipstudent servicesexpand  collapse sectionundergraduate studentsgraduate studentscareer advisingacademic advisingpeopleexpand  collapse sectionfaculty and staff directoryfaculty, staff, and student resourcesalumnivpa council and young alumni councilemeriti facultygive 


search



					search				


 






 









fostering identity, celebrating community
communication and rhetorical studies senior ryan nkongnyu is among the syracuse university students leading initiatives that champion diversity and unity during black history month.
meet ryan and his colleagues







our schools and departments



school of artschool of designdepartment of dramasetnor school of musicdepartment of film and media artsdepartment of creative arts therapydepartment of communication and rhetorical studies 








where will your passion take you?
vpa offers the benefits of a small college set within a large university community. work closely with our faculty in your niche, whatever it may be, and gain hands-on experiences that will give you an edge on your professional journey.


7  schools and departments
25  undergraduate programs
17  graduate programs
17  minors

explore our programs to learn more









where our recent graduates are working


ann inc (ann taylor, loft, lou & grey)boston red soxburt's bees baby - ayablu incdiscovery channelnetflixdreamworks animationespnhawaiian public schoolsiheartmedialexington theater companynational law center on homelessness & povertyparamount picturesteen vogueuniversal music grouputilizing classical musicvevovineyard theatrewalt disney parks & resortswarner recordsralph laurenweathervane playhousewegmansyelposwego healthmichael werner gallerymatiz architecture and designwarner bros picturesmaine state theaterblackbird music publishing groupallied global marketing 


 


upcoming events




overture: 2025 faculty survey

									feb 07 - mar 03 - 2025								






wind ensemble and concert band | setnor ensemble series

									february 25, 2025								






kiran joan | school of art visiting artist lecture series

									february 27, 2025								





view full calendar




 


news





 

featured newscollege of visual and performing arts announces fall 2024 dean’s list  the following undergraduate students enrolled in the college of visual and performing arts were among those named to the dean’s list for the fall 2024 semester. to qualify for the dean’s list, students must complete a minimum of 15 credit hours and earn at least a 3.6 grade point average (on a 4.0 scale) during the semester. read more...






 

featured newsiid professor uses biology to design for the future 
inspired by natural forms, processes and systems, yves michel, a professor of practice in industrial and interaction design in the school of design, pushes the boundaries of what is possible in the world of design.   read more...






 

featured newscollege of visual and performing arts announces 2025 vpa scholars  

twelve seniors in syracuse university’s college of visual and performing arts (vpa) have been named vpa scholars, the college’s highest undergraduate academic honor. read more...






 

featured newsfostering identity, celebrating community  communication and rhetorical studies senior ryan nkongnyu is leading initiatives that champion diversity and unity during black history month.






 

featured newsvpa inaugurates new warehouse gallery with ‘overture: 2025 faculty survey’ 
the college of visual and performing arts (vpa) at syracuse university will inaugurate its new warehouse gallery with an exhibition celebrating the work of its faculty.
opening friday, feb. 7, and on view through monday, march 3, “overture: 2025 faculty survey” features 26 faculty artists and designers who have received both national and international recognition for their thought-provoking work.
read more...






 

faculty news  erin j. rand, associate professor in the department of communication and rhetorical studies, authored “minor troubles: racial figurations of youth sexuality and childhood’s queerness” (ohio state university press). the book investigates a series of controversies about youth sexuality and queerness from the early 21st century: adult concerns about teen sexting, the bullying and suicides of queer kids, trans youths’ access to gender-segregated bathrooms at school, and sex education. rand focuses on the rhetorical process of figuration in creating cultural ideas about childhood, providing a roadmap for understanding alarmist discourses about children, race, gender, and sexuality.






 

student newslender global student fellow learns about u.k. environmental sustainability  among the students studying in the syracuse abroad london program, abdulai jibril barrie ’26, an industrial and interaction design major in the college of visual and performing arts, was selected for a unique research opportunity as a lender global research fellow. since the semester began, he has engaged in hands-on learning by visiting famous environmental sites and examining social justice topics focused on the environment.  read more...






 

faculty newsart museum spring exhibition features works curated by crs faculty member  

a spring-semester exhibition at the syracuse university art museum will features works curated by a faculty member in the department of communication and rhetorical studies (crs). “faculty fellows curate” features the work of 2024-25 syracuse university art museum faculty fellows lyndsay michalik gratch, associate professor of communication and rhetorical studies, and elizabeth wimer, assistant teaching professor of management in the martin j. whitman school of management.

 read more...






 

featured newslight work presents the 2025 b.f.a. art photography annual  

light work presents the 2025 b.f.a. art photography annual, featuring work by seniors from the art photography program in the department of film and media arts at the college of visual and performing arts. the exhibiting artists are maxine brackbill, charles lavion, kelsey quinn leary, lili moreno martel, shawn mccauley and hazel wagner. read more...




read more news










































































                college of visual and performing arts
            
 
200 crouse college, syracuse, ny 13244 

like us on facebookfollow us on twittersubscribe to us on youtubefollow us on instagramfollow us on linkedinfollow us on tiktok  



				© 
								syracuse university
knowledge crowns those who seek her.
 | 


accessibility
accreditation
emergencies
privacy


 | 
vpa website feedback 
 
























