


canada blower industrial fans and blowers















request quote
       contact       
      price
list    

 

 industrial fans, blowers, ventilators, high
pressure blowers, high temperature oven exhaust and circulating fans;
and wall / roof exhaust
ventilators. canadian blower (chicago) industrial pressure blowers,
commercial fan ventilators, high-temperature industrial pressure
blowers, canadian
blower combustion pressure blowers. distributor of canadian blower oem
industrial fans, roof and wall fan exhausters, ventilating and
air-conditioning fans, pressure blower ventilators,
heating
ventilation and air conditioning fans, process and oem fan blowers,
canada blower
custom
built fans, ventilators, dust collector fans, combustion blowers,
canadian blower
oven circulation fans in buffalo, new york. 




canada blower


 canadian blower, chicago process and commercial
fans,
blowers and ventilators. 
buffalo, new york sales of centrifugal and axial power roof and wall
ventilators,
fans, blowers. 
to order call: 1-866-a blower 
(1-866-225-6937)

:
canadianblower

 






home
industrial
fans & blowers
ventilators
air-handling
units
unit
heaters & exchangers
hvac equipment
& systems
oem
news


 

request quote


have questions? please e-mail to us!

 
 















about us

 canada blower is a leading supplier of industrial and commercial
centrifugal and axial fans, blowers, ventilators for various air-moving
applications. 
we offer a complete line of fan equipment, from small panel fans
capable of moving a few hundred cubic feet per minute, to large,
heavy-duty industrial mechanical draft fans with capacities to
1,000,000 cfm, and with static pressures from 0" water gauge (wg) to
150" wg.

canada blower products include standard centrifugal fan and
axial fan designs as well as custom manufactured units to meet
our customers' requirements. 

canada blower have supplied fans to a wide range of industries and
applications including: combustion air supply, material handling,
process ventilation, ovens and dryers, iron and steel industry, mine
and tunnel ventilation, petro-chemical, power generation, marine and
off-shore structures, pulp and paper, hvac, paint/spray
booths, fertilizer, and various emission control applications. for
commercial
hvac market, canada blower offer general ventilation fans for
insitutional
and retail buildings, schools, restaurants and hospitals. special
materials,
construction, explosion-proof and spark-resistant design, variety of
coatings
and accessories are available to fit any application needs. 

canada blower air moving products are best known for "industrial
quality" assuring reliable performance, relentless dependability, and
longevity. a staff of specially trained engineers will design a
dependable fan that exactly fits customers' dimensional and performance
reqirements. canada blower fans are sold and serviced by air moving
experts that can evaluate your needs and
provide best recommendations for your fan / blower application.


industries served:

agriculture
air make-up
automotive
foundry
hazardous locations (atex)
marine
mining
paint booth systems
pharmaceutical
power generation
pulp & paper
snow making
water treatment

 







request quote
       contact       
      price
list    

 

canada blower ltd., 1150-1s blair rd.,
burlington, on, canada
© 2000-2024 all rights
reserved.






































canada blower
suppliers of canada blower industrial regenerative
side channel blowers, forward curved pressure blowers and fans in
stainless
steel, alloy, cast aluminum, cast iron, polypropylene and frp
construction.
canada blower, chicago supplies replacement forward curved blowers and
wheels
for forward curved blowers and fans manufactured by buffalo blower -
new york,
twin city fan, northern blower, chicago blower, sheldons, cincinnati
fan,
hartzell, iap, industrial air products, canadian blower, aerovent, penn
ventilation, penn-barry, barry blower, acme, aerovent, alphair,
american fan,
lau industries, clarage, delhi, canarm, leader fan, daltec, abb, flakt,
flaktwoods, woods, mk plastics, robinson industrial, garden city fan,
loren
cook, jen-air, jenn fan, aeroflo, grainger, greenheck, kice fan, ilg
industries, canada fan, industrial air, ceilcote, breidert, anderson
2000,
solar and palau, strobic air, trane, tcf axial.

www.ventilating.com www.fanblower.com www.highpressureblower.net
www.industrialblowerfan.com www.industrialfanblower.net
www.industrialfanblower.com www.pressureblower.net
www.northernindustrialsupplycompany.com
www.industrialpressureblower.com www.tenderall.com
www.chicagoblowercanada.com www.cbblower.com www.buffaloblower.com
www.buffalofan.com www.nis-co.com www.canadianblower.com
www.olegsystems.com www.canadablower.com www.abbblower.com
www.acmefan.net www.industrialblower.net www.fansandblowers.net
www.americanblower.net www.barryfan.com www.cincinnatifan.net
www.canadafans.com www.barryfan.net www.pennbarry.net www.pennfan.net
www.tcffan.com
canadian blower / canada heavy duty axial and centrifugal ventilators
are designed to handle applications involving erosive and corrosive
gases, large capacities, high pressures and temperature extremes.

typical applications include air cleaning systems, mechanical draft,
chemical processes, kiln exhaust, mine ventilation, gas recirculation,
sinteric and cryogenic service.

to meet these operating conditions, canadian blower / canada 
heavy duty fans are designed and selected with the use of modern
computer techniques guided by over 100 years of fan engineering
experience. comprehensive testing confirms design decisions. quality
manufacturing standards guarantee long service life.

over the years, buffalo fan / canada supplied fans, blowers and pumps
to a wide range of industries and applications. when prolonged service
wears fan wheel the logical replacement is a new fan wheel built to the
original design. a technical support and sales agent will get a
replacement wheel, shaft, bearings, accessories, etc. in the shortest
time. she, or he may also recommend changes to extend service life and
performance of your machinery, including special materials of
construction, explosion-proof and spark-resistant design, variety of
coatings and accessories, intended to meet practically any application
needs.

canadian blower air moving products are best know for "industrial
quality" assuring reliable performance, relentless dependability and
longevity.  a staff of specially trained engineers will design a
dependable fan that exactly fits customers' dimensional and performance
requirements.

solving difficult and unique air moving problems has earned buffalo fan
a reputation for exceptional performance and reliability. whether it's
energy related or industrial processing or simply moving a precise
volume of air, a staff of specially trained engineers will design a
dependable fan that exactly fits your performance and dimensional
requirements.

canadian blower are sold and serviced by air movement professionals. we
can help you explore your needs and will be pleased to work with you. 

canadian blower corporation is committed to offering a wide variety of
fans to meet your needs. please visit our link, below, to view our
capabilites and vast selection of designs. canadian blower sales
offices are located throughout north america and manufactured around
the world. wherever you are, "we want you to enjoy doing business with
us." leave it to buffalo fan to take a perfectly reliable fan and offer
a quieter, more efficient, less costly alternative.
sales of industrial fans &
blowers, high pressure blowers, centrifugal fans, axial ventilators,
roow and wall exhaust and supply fans, material handling blowers &
radial fans, scroll cage fan ventilators, high temperature fans and
blowers, new york blower, twin city fan / aerovent, chicago blower
fans, peerless fans, dayton ventilators, sheldons fans & blowers,
canarm leader ventilators, iap fans, industrial air.
canada blower co. understands industrial blower technology and designs
systems for a host of facilities and industries, and work with the best
names in industrial blower equipment, including tcf, nyb, iap. canada
blower pressure blowers are ideal for combustion air, pneumatic
conveying systems, fluid bed aeration, cooling, drying systems, and
recommended to use in various high pressure applications.

suppliers of industrial high pressure blowers and venilating fans.
engineering of high temperature fans, process pressure blowers,
regenerative pressure blowers; industrial; process and commercial
heating; ventilating and air-conditioning equipment. industrial and
commercial fans, blowers and ventilators, makeup air units, louvers,
dampers, heating and cooling coils, humidifiers, air curtains.
blower fan new york pressure regenerative industrial high temperature
process canadian buffalo garden twin city forge pump hvac heavy duty
custom oem o.e.m. nyb tcf iap american coolair ilg abb delhi canarm
peerless










