



the washing machine website - repair & self-help guide | wm1.com







































homewashing machine repair self-help guide

fault codes
known faults


washing machine faq
washing machine buying guide

american washing machines
washing machine manufacturer links


about wm1.com

contact wm1


 
wm1.com
the washing machine website











                        welcome to wm1.com – the washing machine website
                    



wm1.com provides advice and information on everything washing machines. so we can help you best with your washing machine please select below from one of our options. you can try our self-help guide, see what you should be looking for in a new machine or even speak to an engineer for free in our forum!


self-help repair guide


washing machine faq


washing machine forum


washing machine buying guide










 our latest stories and articles




win a bosch washing machine


glotech are offering the chance to win a new bosch washing machine.

this month glotech are giving away a bosch wae28165gb washing machine worth over £350.
click here to apply
 


                    thursday, february 3, 2011 |
                    washing machine man |                                                            2 comments » 




wm1.com launch new site and forum


wm1.com was originally made around 10 years ago, providing useful information for people with washing machine problems.
this week wm1.com re-launched the site with great new features. we’ll be posting the latest washing machine news as well as the latest information on how to solve the latest faults and best of all wm1.com have now launched a forum where a real washing machine engineer at wm1.com will answer your questions about anything washing machines.
 


                    monday, july 5, 2010 |
                    washing machine man |                    tags: wm1.com |                                        1 comment » 




whirlpool washing machine fault codes


these are error codes for whirlpool washing machines. we hope these fault codes will help you get to the bottom of your problem. if you require any help why not leave a comment or post a question on our forum.

read the rest of this entry »
 


                    monday, june 14, 2010 |
                    washing machine man |                    tags: fault codes, whirlpool |                                        168 comments » 




indesit washing machine fault codes


the follow are error and fault codes for most indesit washing  machines. indesit are a very popular often italian built washing machines. if your unlucky enough to have your indesit washing machine go wrong hopefully these faults might help you.
 read the rest of this entry »
 


                     |
                    washing machine man |                    tags: fault codes, indesit |                                        218 comments » 




lg washing machine fault codes


lg washing machine error codes:
 read the rest of this entry »
 


                     |
                    washing machine man |                    tags: fault codes, lg |                                        11 comments » 






 


search wm1.com

search for:



wm1.com poll
what do you look for in a repair engineer?
whoever's been recommended ? (52%, 22 votes)
whoever's cheapest ? (36%, 15 votes)
whoever's quickest ? (10%, 4 votes)
the first person you see in the yellowpages ? (2%, 1 votes)
total voters: 42


 loading ...
wm1.com tagsfault codes
indesit
lg
whirlpool
wm1.com
wm1 friends washing machine by glotech 
 become our friend?
 





home | self-help | faq | buying guide | about | rss | sitemap xml


copyright © wm1.com 1998-2010: this page is published and copyright protected by wm1.com
no unauthorised reproduction on the internet allowed: refer to the uk law before you attempt to copy the whole or part of this page for reproduction in any form.

 







