


stardock: natural desktop - background based on time of day and time of year 












































							 


 


































the natural desktop
this product is no longer supported and is available only on an "as is" basis.



								imagine a desktop where the backgrounds were based on the time of day and time of year. imagine being able to listen 
								to natural sounds such as birds singing, crickets chirping, or rain falling. imagine having a mini-display on the 
								desktop that showed animated day and night cycles, clouds, lightning, and more!
								
that is what the natural desktop is.  it doesn't interfere with your work or your other desktop enhancements. 
								
the sounds, which can be turned off if you wish, are a welcome treat for those who work inside all day. morning 
								doves singing in the morning to cicadas in the afternoon and crickets and owls at night all give a subtle and realistic 
								simulation of what the outside might be like (or what you might wish it were like if you're wishing it was a 
								pleasant spring afternoon instead of a dreary late fall afternoon).
								
stardock teamed up with digital blasphemy and famed music/sound 
								composer mason fischer to create this incredibly cool desktop. in addition, work by matt crockett (
								tiggz) features heavily to 
								ensure outstanding visuals and animations in the natural desktop.
								











system requirements:

windows xp












screenshots:




 a sampling of what you can expect.



 wallpaper, sounds, and graphic change depending on time of day, time of year, and more.







see more screenshots 
							




















































































7/29 
skinstudio 6.2 released


7/25 
a god has fallen - new demigod trailer released


7/24 
sins of a solar empire v1.1 beta has arrived


7/23 
stardock releases new windowblinds 6.2 update


7/22 
stardock releases the political machine v1.04 with new characters


7/22 
stardock releases mycolors 2.5


7/17 
desktopx 3.5 officially released


7/11 
corel windvd 9 and painter x now available on impulse!






  






































contact   |  
							forums   |  
							support   |  
							store   |  
							privacy   |  
							site map
















