






national anti-vivisection society | homepage







































































skip to content













































key issues flawed and outdated animal models ethical problems with animal use growing need for humane alternatives waste and cruelty of dissection care of animals retired from researchour work ending the use of animals in research and testing raising awareness of animals suffering in laboratories funding smarter, more humane solutions replacing classroom dissection assisting animals in sanctuarieswhat you can do support our work visit our advocacy center live cruelty-freeabout us mission board of directors our team job opportunities financials our charity ratings publications media contact contact usnewsemail sign-upsearch




menu 




×
key issues flawed and outdated animal models ethical problems with animal use growing need for humane alternatives waste and cruelty of dissection care of animals retired from researchour work ending the use of animals in research and testing raising awareness of animals suffering in laboratories funding smarter, more humane solutions replacing classroom dissection assisting animals in sanctuarieswhat you can do support our work visit our advocacy center live cruelty-freeabout us mission board of directors our team job opportunities financials our charity ratings publications media contact contact usnewsemail sign-upsearch












donate










search



				search			







close



 






 



about us mission board of directors our team job opportunities financials our charity ratings publications media contact contact usnewsemail sign-up










 















animals don't belong in a lab



with your help, we can put an end to harmful, flawed and costly animal experiments through the advancement of smarter, human-relevant research and the promotion of animal-friendly changes to laws and policies. 







support our work





























a better way





























advancing humane science




we fund and promote early-career scientists developing innovative new alternatives to animal testing in research. learn how we're helping create a more compassionate future.  




























transforming classroom dissection




inspiring young minds and saving animal lives. we empower educators with humane teaching tools. learn how we're ushering in a new era of compassionate science education for students. 




























assisting animals in sanctuaries




our grant program offers critical funding to sanctuaries providing safe and loving environments for animals retired from research. see how we're helping give these animals a second chance at life.  










































make 2025 a transformative year for animals



this year, we have an incredible opportunity to drive progress toward ethical, effective science. with public sentiment shifting and groundbreaking alternatives emerging, your support has never been more critical. together, we can expand navs’ impact in education, research, advocacy, and sanctuary—ensuring a brighter, more compassionate future for animals and humans alike. 










give today for a brighter tomorrow


 






















our progress by the numbers












funding smarter science






















$1.7 million






in grants given by navs to fund
researchers developing innovative
alternatives to animal experiments











advocating






















57,018






messages sent to legislators
through the navs advocacy center
in the past year











educating






















58






recipients of the navs humane
science award, recognizing excellence
among high school students











helping animals






















215






sanctuaries, shelters and rescues
helped by the navs sanctuary fund
since 2001

























how you can help


















advocate


our advocacy center makes it easy to contact the representatives making decisions that affect animals.urgent need:tell congress: refuse $30 million for more monkey experiments! 



										make your voice heard									




















donate


your gift will help navs advance smarter science, empower advocates, promote innovative science education, and assist animals in need. 












one-time 




monthly




planned


 

























how you can help


















advocate


our advocacy center makes it easy to contact the representatives making decisions that affect animals.urgent need:it's time to pass the humane cosmetics act 



										make your voice heard									




















donate


your gift will help navs advance smarter science, empower advocates, promote innovative science education, and assist animals in need. 






























latest news

























														advancing the well-being of lab animals: a letter from new executive director sally draper											



			february 18, 2025	


greetings to all supporters of navs! it has only been a couple of weeks since i started work as the new executive director, but i have been looking forward to this first opportunity to communicate with you



















														an alamogordo chimps update!											



			february 14, 2025	


in november, we told you about the landmark decision that the national institutes of health (nih) made to release the last 23 chimps held at the alamogordo primate facility in new mexico and move them to chimp haven in louisiana.



















														meet the next generation of researchers											



			february 3, 2025	


excited by the promise of modern science and technology, navs is committed to addressing key challenges in biomedical research by funding initiatives that promote smarter, more humane solutions.
















 































444 n. wells st., suite 406, chicago, il 60654
800.888.navs (312.427.6065)  |  ein: 36-2229588
© 2023 national anti-vivisection society. all rights reserved.  |  privacy policy  |  contact










visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our instagram page





visit our youtube page





visit our linkedin page





 

















 

scroll to top













