



pop up canvas replacements all model campers & hybrids
































popup camper canvas: (610) 751-4918






account








 


login



forgot password?
create an account




 



cart







									your cart is empty.
							

 

menu


















			main menu 		



home
about us
rv parts and repair
contact






			shop online 		






pop up camper bag awning vintage rope & pole 

pop up canvas replacements all model campers & hybrids 

pop up camper parts & lift systems by c&r & heco

curtains  & valances

rv cushion covers c&r custom made 

shademaker rv awning replacement fabric

rv slide out cylinders

socket jenie

rv trailer development repair & parts


 



			helpful resources 		



material samples
testimonials
pop up camper pictures new canvas
industry links
campgrounds






			manufacturers 		

 
 







shop online to the left or below to find the items you need.

heco truck camper lift system parts
fleetwood coleman crank assemblies
c&r out side arm lift system is hard to beat. if your's is shot junk the system not the camper.

shademaker close out items, bag awning fabric assemblies & bag awning storage bags. call for information and to order.

pop up bag awnings vintage rope & pole awning by camper & recreation usa made

rv cushion covers c&r custom made    


camper canvas replacements usa made 100% guaranteed fit and finish.
if you can't find your model email us for a quote. we need your year make, model, and vin#.


featured products
whiffletree to fit coleman / fleetwood campers
our tree is different. we think it's a bit better! we use fine thread steel rod with more threads per inch. the roof goes up easier but it takes more turns. the weight of the roof will not cause the lift system to unwind. in stock

shop now
pop up parts & lift systems





coleman
heco
apache
c & r
more 

shop now




rope & pole awnings for rv's and all pop up campers
c&r vintage awnings for rv's and pop up campers are usa made.
shop now
 

 




curtains & valances
 
curtains are sewn in our professional sew shop! each curtain panel is 52'' h x 54'' w sold in pairs, covers over 8', and is available with several attachment options.our high qualtity fire retardant valances are available in a variety of colors
shop now


socket jenie - stop cranking. replace the crank!
use a battery operated drill or screw driver with a socket jenie. the quick way to lower or raise you jacks or pop up camper.

learn more shop now
 
rv cushion covers


cushion covers made to to fit. gaucho, dinette and mattress.
we need the size of the foam block in inches to make a zip on cover in beautiful upholstery material.
shop now
 
 
four wheel camper grey water tank

shop now 









			© 2025 - rv workshop. all rights reserved.
		










 


