


dentist aspley qld | smile central 
















4237




skip to content
request an appointmentchristmas closure reopen 7/1/2025christmas closure reopen 7/1/2025  day hours  call (07) 3263 1310  google social buttonfacebook social buttoninstagram social button call (07) 3263 1310holiday  hours



smile central


menuhomeabout us

meet the staff
smile gallery
blog


meet dr chris lauf
our services

general dentistry

check & cleans
children's dentistry
emergency dentistry
root canal treatment


cosmetic dentistry

dental implants
smile makeovers
teeth whitening
dental veneers
dental crowns & bridges
all-on-x implants


orthodontics

clear aligners
braces


state-of-the-art technology

laser dentistry




new patients

welcome package
supercare finance


contact us















aspley dentist combines technology and gentle care
our clinic has provided quality care to the aspley &  communities for over 40 years. dentist dr lauf would love to continue the tradition with your family!
our servicesrequest appointment






smile central wants to help you beam brilliantly
aspley dentist dr chris lauf wants everyone who comes to our practice to feel comfortable and confident knowing they will receive the highest quality, state-of-the-art oral care at smile central. expect to receive a full range of outstanding services combining the latest technology with the most progressive dental procedures to achieve stunning results. love your smile; discover our minimally invasive, quality, sustainable oral healthcare for all ages.
new patients



a wide range of services to meet every need
in addition to general services, we provide more specialised services such as clear aligners, t-scan, jaw and facial muscle relaxants, snorelase, oral microbial screening, and more. same-day crowns using cerec® technology are an excellent option to restore your smile and confidence. 
we also do all-on-four® full arch implants, advanced laser procedures that are more comfortable for our patients, and more. we are truly a one-stop shop for all your dental needs.


general dentistry
smile makeover
teeth straightening
all on x
dental implants
super care finance



custom-crafted care to help you love your smile
dr lauf is passionate about technology and increasing his knowledge of everything related to dentistry, including gentle laser, reconstructive, and cosmetic dentistry for the entire family. he provides exceptional results and is especially good at reassuring and calming anxious patients before their procedure. 
at our independent and privately owned dental practice, which also serves those in , dr lauf adapts every care plan to meet each person's needs without the limitations accompanying corporate management or health insurance firms. with no third parties to restrict the care you're entitled to, dr lauf can prescribe the best services to fit your lifestyle and goals.



get to know our highly skilled dentist
dr. lauf's commitment to lifelong learning allows us to continue enhancing patient care. an australian-born and trained dentist with over 20 years of experience, dr. lauf earned his bachelor of dental science at the university of queensland. he further advanced his qualifications through the progressive orthodontic seminars program and the implant certificate program with the brener implant institute. dr. lauf is dedicated to ensuring every patient has access to the highest quality services and advanced technology. providing a healthier smile and a positive experience helps change how people see dentistry and allows them to have healthy teeth for life.
meet dr chris lauf



providing the best oral healthcare is our goal

we understand cost may be a factor when considering dental care, so we offer several alternatives to make it easier for our patients. flexible payment plans are available, and we can also process claims on the spot via hicaps. openpay options allow for fortnightly payments and short-term financing, allowing you to get the care you need without insurance.


in addition, patients may be able to access their super funds early to pay for essential dental care with the help of supercare, an australian company offering assistance to help with the application. people may use their super to pay for dental and orthodontic costs for themselves, their partner or their children's care, allowing them to get needed care without a long wait or incurring debt.







testimonials
was feeling a bit apprehensive before i arrived to get my dental work done. no pain all went well. all the staff were very positive and made me feel relaxed. great job! highly recommend smile central! - julie w.chris and his team are so welcoming and caring. chris is efficient and thorough which makes for a pleasant experience. thank you smile central!- chris b.as a new patient i was pleasantly surprised and relieved as i had been neglecting my teeth and gums. all the staff were welcoming and kind so the experience was relaxing, thorough, and i am happy to continue in their care. - maxeen m.very professional and friendly. all the staff make you feel very welcome. and my teeth felt beautifully clean afterwards. i would happily recommend this dental practice - and have already recommended them to my family. - norma b.

our new patient special, only $250
in need of dental care? our new patient special is a great way to get started, including a complete exam, general cleaning, a full set of x-rays - including batwings and opg - and more. valued at $415, you get all this for only $250! contact us today to schedule!
contact us


frequently asked questions

what time does the practice open?
    mon 8:30 am - 5:00 pmtue 8:30 am - 6:30 pmwed 8:30 am - 5:00 pmthu 8:30 am - 8:00 pmfri 9:00 am - 4:00 pm
    
what types of services do you offer?
    we provide a comprehensive range of dental services, including general dentistry, cosmetic dentistry, and orthodontics.
    
do you accept health funds?
    we accept all health funds with hicaps on site allowing us to process health fund claims on the spot.
    
where in town is your practice located?
    our practice is located close to the aspley 7 day medical centre, east of gympie road. free onsite parking is available. there is a bus stop within walking distance, next to mcdonald's.
    
what do i do during a dental emergency?
    emergency care is available. our goal is to accommodate emergencies on the same day whenever possible and we're open late on tuesdays and thursdays.
    









dentist aspley, albany creek, zillmere qld | (07) 3263 1310

google 
facebook 
yelp 




home
about us 
meet dr chris lauf 
our services 
new patients 
contact us



christmas closure reopen 7/1/2025  day hours  call (07) 3263 1310  




email smile central




comments, requests, questions, or suggestions



first name
last name




respond to me via:



email





phone





no response





email address
phone number




i agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. for more info, read disclaimer.
please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.





i consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. for more info, read our privacy policy.


leave this empty:
send message







request appointment (pending confirmation)





patient type



new patient





current patient





returning patient






first name
last name



email address
phone number



respond to me via:



email





phone





preferred day/time:


date


appointment hour

h
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12



appointment minute

m
00
15
30
45




am or pm



am





pm







comments or questions




i agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. for more info, read disclaimer.
please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.





i consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. for more info, read our privacy policy.


leave this empty:

send message








email ussmile central
758 robinson rd waspley, qld 4034
		phone: (07) 3263 1310copyrightlegalprivacyaccessibilitysitemap


smile marketing




