






emetophobia resources – anna christie and dr. david russ



















































emetophobia resources
anna christie and dr. david russ
resources for cbt/erp






homeabout usresourcesassessmentshandoutsbooks and other resourcesmedical comorbiditiesresearchblogcontactlegal









information & exposure resources

including general hierarchies for emetophobia treatment


adults
kids




latest blog posts






exposure and response prevention: what if it fails or makes things worse? part 2
december 23, 2024
as i wrote in a previous post, exposure and response prevention (erp) is considered the most effective psychological treatment for anxiety disorders. however, there are certain conditions and incorrect applications that can render it less effective or inadvisable. following are several of those conditions. lack of motivation or engagement i have seen well over 150… 
continue reading: exposure and response prevention: what if it fails or makes things worse? part 2






exposure and response prevention: what if it fails or makes things worse? part 1
december 19, 2024
~by david russ, ph.d. the answer is, it might. but it is not the exposure and response prevention (erp) itself, rather is a result of unfavorable conditions or inappropriate applications. briefly, erp methodically exposes individuals to anxiety-provoking stimuli while preventing safety behaviors. erp helps to retrain the brain and reduce distress with repetitive practice. i… 
continue reading: exposure and response prevention: what if it fails or makes things worse? part 1






the role of psychoeducation in treating emetophobia
december 11, 2024
when i was undergoing cbt emetophobia treatment i always found it frustrating that i didn’t know what my therapist was thinking or doing. i also had a deep desire to figure out what was going on in my own brain, what may have caused the emetophobia and why phobias in general defy logic. i had… 
continue reading: the role of psychoeducation in treating emetophobia





what is emetophobia?
emetophobia or the fear of vomiting is a serious, debilitating mental illness that conservatively affects between 0.1% and 0.2% of the population, according to one study. we have listed relevant research here. this adds up to approximately 500,000 people in the united states alone and 12 million world-wide. other studies suggest about 6% of women and 1% of men in the world have a fear of vomiting but depending on its impact on their daily lives they may or may not seek treatment for it. often people with emetophobia have trouble finding available clinicians with experience in treating emetophobia.
emetophobia may be expressed as a fear of vomiting oneself, a fear of seeing/hearing others vomit, a fear of vomiting only in public or a fear of being near someone else who is vomiting and may be contagious.  
emetophobia has an early onset, in childhood, and so work with children will be imperative but research is very limited. many parents seek treatment for their anxious children, but often the child is afraid to say any words associated with vomiting so diagnosis can be difficult and thus treatment is often ineffective.
emetophobia is under-researched and little is known about it in the medical and psychotherapeutic community. this leads many clinicians to misdiagnose emetophobia, or attempt to treat it as they would other phobias. yet emetophobia is unique and does not respond to many typical treatments for phobias. nevertheless, the standard, evidence-based treatment of cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt) with exposure and response prevention (erp) is indicated. many clinicians may not know how to set up an exposure hierarchy for emetophobia and so we have provided one here for adults and one for children. this page has information on the characteristics of emetophobia.
if you have been previously unfamiliar with emetophobia, we encourage you to read through the information on this website, and perhaps listen to anna’s “emetophobia help” podcast. for a more in-depth study of the research, diagnosis, and treatment of emetophobia you may purchase our book at amazon.com.



further resources



emetophobia help for kids

anna’s merchandise page https://www.katralex.com
emetophobia facebook group
sign up to be a guest!
only one spot open per class.
information and help for people with emetophobia







anna
anna works exclusively online, with adults only, and occasionally has openings for clients. she teaches sets of 10 group classes. her website with information for patients is here.
twitter
instagram
facebook


adults
exposureassessmenthandoutsresearchbooks

kids
exposurefor parentsbooks for kidsinfo on safety behaviorsreviews

david
david is a psychologist who treats children and adults online and in person in charlotte, nc. his practice website, for more information, is here.



copyright 2023 | a wordpress theme by superbthemes








