



officially woz | a free exchange of information : officially woz










































































menu
about
woz speaks
in the news

articles
woz speaks
history


photos
links

mac links
business
us fest
national history day


letters
 







			rian dutra check:
			now: 2025-02-18 22:02:20		






   woz          read more        read more        read more        read more                                                                                              













“getting a technical education is the best investment you can make.”




our curriculum is designed with one goal in mind: to help you launch your career in technology. as a global leader in curriculum development, our programs meet — or exceed — the hiring requirements of the technology jobs you want, empowering you with day-1 skills. woz technology training features in-browser coding exercises in a response, proprietary learning experience platform.




find out more

 








				featured
			



 


 




					steve wozniak’s graduation speech, boulder, co				



				steve wozniak just shared his formula for happiness in a graduation speech, and it couldn't be simpler | may 1			






 




					woz named in top 50 speakers				



				realleaders: top 50 keynote speakers in the world 2020, by trevor oldham | jun 25, 2020



			



 


 




					morning show interview				



				apple co-founder steve wozniak talks woz u and his passion for education.



			



 


 




					no more tears				



				new video from our great friend jewel.  please watch & get involved with the lost in america movement.


			



 


 




					techstuff interview with woz				



				who is steve wozniak? what was wozniak's role at apple? what other ventures has wozniak been involved in over 			






 




					woz speaks				



				have woz to speak at your event:

 	inquiry@woz.org or,
 	teamwoz@woz.org

please give your event date, b			








more featured archive








			in the news
		






					articles
				






				‘it was the ‘80s – everything was going on’: the us festival at 40			


			“it was my first time on a helicopter,” brian setzer of the stray cats remembers. “the organizers said, 		






				45 years later, the apple ii still has lessons to teach us			


			we spoke with industry luminaries tim sweeney, john romero, and steve wozniak about what the apple ii did righ		






				the best boys and girls in big tech			


			from golden retrievers to tote-bag sized shiba inu's, here are some of silicon valley's top dogs.		






				apple co-founder coaches hpu engineering students			


			high point, n.c., dec. 1, 2021 – the co-founder of apple computer continued coaching students in high point 		





more










					woz speaks
				






				apple co-founder steve wozniak discusses ai race between google and microsoft			


			steve wozniak, apple co-founder, joins 'squawk box' to discuss wozniak's thoughts on artificial intelligence, 		






				steve wozniak, co-founder of apple, speaks on campus			


			amidst storm sirens and severe thunderstorm warnings students, faculty and the evansville community gather in 		






				rio innovation week seeks to bring technology closer to the public			


			rio de janeiro, january 13 (efe). rio innovation week kicked off thursday in that brazilian city with more tha		






				apple co-founder steve wozniak speaks at racc gala			


			apple co-founder steve wozniak took the stage as guest speaker for reading area community college's 50th anniv		





more










					history
				






				2023 – 40th anniversary of the biggest music event i ever shot			


			it was woodstockian in size and length – 3 days (plus a 4th day of country music that was held 5 days later 		






				steve wozniak, heinz awardee speech, 2001 heinz awards presentation, folger theatre			


			"a family of five should get five votes." ... woz



		






				the most important and significant music festivals in u.s. history			


			"nice that they didn’t miss my us festival." ... woz		






				the evolution of the apple logo through the ages | versus by compareraja			


			progress is a term that has become more and more relative with the passage of time. right from the advent of t		





more













				photos
			






 




				woz speaks at university of colorado, may 2024			







 




				archival			







 




				j.d. power auto revolution 2019			







 




				destech arizona, october 2019			







 




				woz speaking in la at naiop (oct 2019)			








more photos
















	          steve wozniak . 2025	        


business opportunities for woz:
kenh@woz.org


speech inquires:
seamus@woz.org


get in touch with woz



design












