




 




fontaine maury






































skip to content


menu



 







let’s talk! 
 



close menu





















sharing a taste of the south is what you do. 




can you guess what key ingredient is missing? 




it can double the value of your business. hint: it’s not investors, fancy packaging, or a new website. it’s brand strategy.  





                                                i can help.                                        














 











focused decision making









win hearts and minds









ah-ha moments guarenteed












are your social media efforts falling flat like a failed soufflé?  




maybe your packaging is as bland as a grocery store tomato, or perhaps what new website you keep chopping and dicing isn’t getting any closer to being launched. guess what? you’re one hundred percent obsessing over the wrong things. 




without a fully baked brand strategy, you can’t possibly fix what’s holding you back. 

 










 










if you sell products grown or made in the south, i’m here to help.  

 















get it done, fast.
think of it like a brand pressure cooker. together we knock out a brand strategy filled with valuable insights so you can make quick, inspired decisions.  

 











decisions made easy
after you work with me to develop your brand strategy it’s easy to roll out marketing tactics and increase the value of your business. 

 











market ready
i’ll help you connect with marketing experts. armed with a personalized recipe for success you’ll be ready to work with creatives, web developers and social media experts. 

 













                                                let's talk                                        
















i get it – building a brand is hard.
i’ve worked with over 150+ iconic and emerging brands in the last 20 years. whether you are a solopreneur or have a team my pressure cooker process works. i am a cook at heart and my passion is specialty food, but my work and experience goes well beyond food based businesses. i used my process to launch explore georgia, a new brand for the entire state of georgia’s tourism efforts and for archbold, a 4 hospital healthcare system with hundreds of stakeholders. 

 








 








 








 








 








 





                                                let's talk                                        



















it’s a tall order to rebrand tourism for the largest state east of the mississippi, fontaine maury’s experience and collaborative approach made the project not only easy, but made it a success.
– megan hood managing director of brand marketing, ga dept. of econ. development 








 








do you need a solid brand strategy?  

 








 




step 1: email me and let’s answer that question!
start the conversation with an email. it’s a low pressure way to figure out if working together makes sense. 

 










 




step 2: schedule a workshop
if you’d like to get cooking on a brand strategy we’ll find a date that works for your workshop.  

 










 




step 3: grow your business.
after the workshop, you will have the clarity and focus you need to serve up marketing tactics that deliver results.  

 





                                                find out more                                        












hey! i’m haile.
pronounced hail (as in freezing rain). i’m a strategic thinker who loves to help people build beloved, recognizable and valuable brands.
my brand strategy business, fontaine maury, shares a building with hubs and hops in the old coca-cola bottling plant in downtown thomasville, georgia.
if i’m not there, you can probably find me taking photos of grocery store aisles, sharing dinner ideas on insta stories and substack (no measuring, just cooking on the fly) or visiting far-flug food markets looking for inspiration. 

 








 








let’s talk! 








name * 






email * 






message  






					
					phone (optional)											







  
				send			









 











back to top



fontaine maury 














 



 

 







© fontaine maury 2025 



















 

