







the almanac - latest news for washington county
















































homes
























bethel park
mt lebanon
peters township
south fayette
upper st clair
e-edition
 





















close









news

south hills
bethel park
mt lebanon
peters township
south fayette
upper st clair


sports
life culture

religion
seniors
career
people
looking back
sights & sounds
whats happening


sponsored content
special sections
e-edition
classifieds
newsletter
contact

advertise
statement of values


















editor'spick



give the gift of time, no batteries needed







santa top draw in bethel park







pittsburgh botanic garden set to dazzle this holiday season







star-studded class inducted into mt. lebanon’s hall of champions











 


 











news
february 13, 2025
by eleanor bailey

culture change







davis dreaming big


peters township offers outlook on 2025 road paving
peters township’s engineering director laid out the plans for paving the municipality’s roads this year.

mark zemaitis explained to council members at their meeting monday that more than five miles of township-owned roads are being targeted for resurfacing. according to zemaitis, 2025 is year two of a three-year plan for treating the roads.

“basically, what we did was we took the remaining roads, re-rode them, re-ranked them, plotted them on a map, and that’ll give us an idea of the surface condition of the remaining list of roads,” zemaitis said.

peters has $2.3 million budgeted for pavement maintenance in 2025.

also at monday’s meeting, council unanimously approved a ...


peters township police preparing to hire social worker
peters township police are planning to add a social worker to its ranks this year – pending a couple of actions from council members.

the position itself is accounted for in this year’s budget, but council tabled two motions at its meeting monday that would amend the peters township employee handbook and the police department’s policies to include the job description and duties.

police chief joseph glover explained this was due to some technical issues with the language in those policies.

“there are a couple hiccups that we need to work out. that’s why they backed off last night,” glover said, adding that the resolutions will likely be passed at council’s feb. 10 ...







spoonwood brewing celebrates 10 years in business









bp preps for wpial team wrestling tournament

january 23, 20256 min read

bethel park prepared for the wpial team wrestling tournament by finishing runner-up at the allegheny county championships and by beating upper st. clair to claim its second straight section championship.

the black hawks placed second (231.5 points) in the team standings during the county ...







mt. lebanon making strides on the mats

january 23, 20259 min read

mt. lebanon’s seventh-place showing in the allegheny county championship was anything but so-so. it’s an indication of where the wrestling program is headed.

the blue devils, who boast 10 sophomores on their varsity roster, put five grapplers on the podium. three reached the finals and one ...









pt’s kuhn named national coach of year

january 15, 20255 min read

david kuhn’s cell phone rang. the peters township boys golf coach glanced at the screen as it flashed bob lombardi’s name as the incoming caller. 

lombardi was not on the line as the piaa executive director, but rather as the president of the national federation of high school ...









 







the almanac daily news update
this daily email features the latest news for washington county.





















 





 

sports 







davis dreaming big
february 13, 2025 5 min read
jayden davis sees himself as the next tj mcconnell to come out of chartiers valley.

“yes, i do,” he said. “there are a lot of similarities, especially the aspect of being told that you are too small. we let our hustle and our actions do the talking.”

known as the “little kid” on ...









fearless blue devils prepared to make playoff run
february 13, 2025 4 min read
a cry went up in ahn arena as liam sheely grabbed his left shoulder during fourth-quarter action in mt. lebanon’s 68-58 victory against peters township in a non-section boys’ basketball game played feb. 10. a junior, sheely rushed towards joe david for relief. there lebo’s floor boss, who ...







blue devils qualify for states
february 13, 2025 2 min read
the mt. lebanon high school rifle team finished fourth in the wpial championships held feb. 11 at the dormont-mt. lebanon sportsman club located in canonsburg and qualified for the state championships.

woodlands hills won the title with an 800-53x while hempfield finished as the runner-up. ...






 


latest e-edition




the almanac
to view our latest e-edition click on the image.



bethel park

antique coal and gas stoves are baldwin man’s longtime hobby







davinci workshop and cafe offers families fun, stimulating activities







bethel park native named executive director of state library of ohio








mt lebanon

blue devils qualify for states







culture change







fearless blue devils prepared to make playoff run








peters township

peters township among teams vying for class 5a crown







wpial announces latest hall of fame class







usc in a feel-good spot after lebo win






 




south fayette








south fayette targeting another wpial title
february 6, 2025 5 min read


south fayette girls basketball coach bryan bennett has one simple task as the lady lions embark on their quest for a fourth straight wpial championship.

“we are fortunate to have talented kids,” bennett emphasized. “my job is to not mess it up.” 

so far, bennett has upheld his ...


south fayette gaining notice in class 5a boys basketball


sf, pt girls continue on collision course


wpial announces latest hall of fame class



upper st clair








davinci workshop and cafe offers families fun, stimulating activities
february 16, 2025 5 min read


bethel park – activities abound in every direction at the davinci workshop and cafe in bethel park. from painting tables to a puzzle table and maker space area, the workshop is designed to inspire and delight. 

the workshop and cafe opened last march and offers steam (science, technology, ...


bethel park native named executive director of state library of ohio


usc anticipates top seed in class 6a


‘everything under the sun’






 


 






 


newsletter
join thousands already receiving our daily newsletter.


sign up now



contact information

                    www.thealmanac.net                

122 s. main st
washington, pa 15301
phone: 724-222-2200

























www.thealmanac.net | 122 s. main st , washington, pa 15301 copyright © the almanac | contact | terms of use | privacy policy























