












microcosm |




































 


select page


 


 (310) 539-2306

launch systems  | space systems  | mission engineering

 





about us
products & services

mission engineering
launch systems
courses
composite structures
smallsats
space 2018 conference


contact
publications
bookstore
scorpius slc
 
 













affordable space systems
made possible through innovation

contact us









space mission engineering
as we define it, mission (and systems) engineering is the process that takes a set of broad objectives and constraints and then proceeds to define an affordable space system to meet them. 
more info







launch systems
microcosm has an extensive history of launch vehicle design, development, and test programs since 1993, focused on a low-cost, responsive launch capability that truly changes the game in the aerospace industry.
more info







composite structures
the unibody pressurized composite spacecraft structure acts as one unified structure that integrates the propellant tank and does not require additional support elements of any kind.
more info









astronautics courses
microcosm has provided advanced mission engineering training to over 3000 professional and graduate student participants in the us, canada, europe, asia and south america.  
more info







smallsats
microcosm has developed a family of low cost, highly agile spacecraft that can support a range of missions in low, medium, and geosynchronous earth orbits, along with interplanetary missions. 
more info









quantifying the cost reduction potential for earth observation satellites

in the present budget environment, there is a strong need to dramatically drive down the cost of space missions. there is the perception that smallsats are inherently much lower cost than more traditional larger satellites and can play a central role in reducing overall space mission cost, but this effect has been difficult to quantify. without quantifiable evidence of their value, smallsats are under-utilized as a method for reducing space mission cost. 

learn more

















sprite, a very low-cost launch vehicle for small satellites

the scorpius low-cost launch vehicle architecture greatly reduces the cost of space access due to its emphasis on designing specifically for low total life cycle cost. due to its simplicity, a pressure-fed launch vehicle is low in cost compared with pump-fed and solid rockets. the pressure-fed approach in the scorpius architecture is enabled by the development of all-composite propellant and pressurization tanks, which have about half the mass of metallic tanks.

learn more







reinventing disaster reconnaissance through space assets

when a disaster occurs, an aggressive machine of governments, agencies, and volunteers immediately reacts to the event with a lack of information. currently, agencies rely on unstable communications, perhaps uav passes (which may be politically limited), or, hours later, space assets.

learn more












microcosm, inc. is a recognized world leader in space mission engineering and techniques for reducing cost.

get started



 








3111 lomita blvdtorrance, ca 90505 
www.smad.com 
site created by machmark


phone: (310) 539-2306email: microcosm@smad.com


privacy policy
sitemap





 

 

  
 
 













