




  

centerline events dressage show management


























































 






 show menu









home
shows/schedule
sponsorships
contact
 

times
results














centerline events offering dressage show management strives to provide outstanding customer service, and behind the scenes organization for a smooth running show or event. we understand the long hours and hard work that go into competing. and we work just as hard to create a show atmosphere where competitors can focus on showing; officials can focus on their jobs, and sponsors thrive.
specializing in dressage and dressage sport horse shows, centerline events can handle anything from one aspect of your show to managing the entire event. we do every type from a one ring local show, to eight ring shows for three to four days cdis and regional championships. debra reinhardt/centerline events is show manager for the u.s. dressage finals held in kentucky. no show is too small or too big.

our services include:

registering with usef and usdf
preparing and sending out prize lists
hiring officials and judges
hiring additional personnel and support staff
processing entries
scheduling ride times
ring set up
scoring
planning special events
and much more


in addition, centerline events is very accustomed to working together with gmos and their volunteers. hire us where you need us to manage a show, or as the show secretary, or scoring, or stabling or any combination.
founder debra reinhardt is an adult amateur currently competing at 4th level. she has her usdf bronze medal and is half way to her usdf silver medal, having received her two scores at 4th level on her 26 year-old-gelding. in addition she is a usef ‘r’ technical delegate (td).
debra knows firsthand what usef and usdf require, and their deadlines. but most importantly she knows what competitors want and need from show management.



our sponsors





























 centerline events
debra reinhardt
(203) 264-2148
 

 times
results
 

 
volunteers
we are always looking for help. if you are interested in volunteering please contact kari bradshaw. 
 

 

all photography on this website has been supplied by terri miller. official photographer for centerline events @ hits on the hudson.
 






home
shows/schedule
sponsorships
contact
 
copyright  centerline events – designed by g2 partners-equine



















