
                                  university of st. thomas | catholic university houston, tx            what can we help you find?   search                    skip to content    login    mystthom  outlook web blackboard it support   calendar - view ust's online calendar    ust directory library bookstore  ust athletics giving map  catholic identity        login    mystthom  outlook web office365 blackboard it support watermark watermark ss&e   apply             search    toggle navigation         admissions  undergraduate graduate associate transfer veterans explore more   academics  degrees and programs advising academic calendars academic catalog registrar   tuition & aid student life  campus ministry housing bookstore clubs student success explore more   about ust  catholic identity mass leadership  information technology maps & directions explore more   media  news blogs max studios             
     
               
be yourbold self.you are an original, so don't get lost in the crowd. it's time to unlock your full potential with small class sizes and the personal attention you deserve. request informationbe your bold self. 
        
 a university for allincoming freshmen, transfer students, graduate students, first-generation students – the university of st. thomas welcomes you at any point in your education journey. start here   
        
the personal attention you deservewith a student-to-faculty ratio of just 13:1 and an online success coach for every undergraduate student, you’ll get the personal attention you need to maximize your potential. secure your future    
        
 the st. thomas promiseyour future is too important to put off – not for a semester, a year or a generation.  if your family makes less than $50k a year, the university of st. thomas will cover all four years of your undergraduate degree. this means all out-of-pocket expenses are on us, and you will graduate debt free. let us help you build the future you want and show the world who you are. learn more   
        
 catholic identitycampus lifefaithand reasonust is a university for all people, grounded in the catholic intellectual and spiritual traditions and committed to the love of christ, as reflected in our motto crescamus in christo: may we grow together in christ. learn morecatholic identitydiverseand vibrantwith a growing campus and celt community, the ust experience offers something for everyone. learn morecampus life 
        
 be bold blogour blog is dedicated to helping you explore your future career possibilities and how to make the most of your college experience.  read more about the benefits of a catholic education, the resources available to ust students, how diversity matters in secondary education and many more topics to help you get a better understanding of what we’re all about. see our full blog   
        
ust news and success storiesthere’s a lot happening at ust, and this is the fastest way to keep up-to-date with all our announcements, successes, and news. subscribe to our newsletter    
        
 for all media inquiries, please contact media@stthom.edu.   ust faculty and staff follow these media procedures.    
                
ust facebookust twitterust youtubeust instagramust linkedin 
      
             3800 montrose blvd.
houston, tx 77006 main: 713-522-7911
admissions: 713-525-3500
financial aid: 713-525-2170      what can we help you find?   search        facebook twitter youtube instagram linkedin  bthe dome blog                 accreditation - learn more  alumni - learn more  bondholder disclosures - learn more   dean of students - learn more   emergency & safety - learn more  employment - learn more      giving - learn more  maps & directions - learn more  mass schedule - view ust's mass schedule online  offices & services - learn more  hr policies - learn more  report a problem - learn more  facilities work order request - learn more        houston’s catholic university… #usthouston | @stthomashouston   copyright © 2024 university of st. thomas. all rights reserved.  privacy policy clery act report sexual misconduct title ix information consumer information accessibility cares act reporting            close awesome! please select one of the options below: apply now, schedule visit, or request info.    i'm interested!    apply now to ust     schedule visit    request infoinquire    top              