








home - media law resource center















































skip to main content






search


search button








log in






menu
							



media law resource center




×
publications

recently published
medialawdaily
monthly lawletter
digital review
mlrc bulletin
model briefs and practice guides
50-state survey


zoom series

upcoming
archived


events

upcoming
zoom series
media law conference
london conference
digital conference
entertainment conference
latin america conference
mlrc annual dinner
committee meetings


connect

mlrc committees
job board
member directory
member listserv


about

who we are
why join
board of directors
mlrc institute
staff & contact


join
 



search


search button








log in







 




mlrc is a non-profit membership association for members of the media and their defense lawyers. we provide a wide range of resources on media law and policy issues.








 




march 6, 2025

2025 miami media law conference
mlrc invites you to attend a full day of sessions and networking with colleagues from florida, latin america and beyond.








more upcoming events





 




march 20, 2025

2025 entertainment and media law conference
for 22 years, the media law resource center and southwestern law school have hosted an annual forum at which renowned experts discuss the most timely, important, and controversial topics in entertainment and media law.






see all events








featured




new york times v. sullivan: the case for preserving an essential precedent



a comprehensive white paper heralding justice brennan’s opinion, countering the arguments made by its chief critics, and analyzing the role of actual malice in contemporary litigation.

											topics : defamation 




actual malice practice guide



this new edition builds on the excellent work done in past versions of the practice guide by adding important new case law to existing sections, as well as adding new sections. most notably, the practice guide now includes an in-depth look at the pleading standards for actual malice under the supreme court’s twombly and iqbal…

											topics : defamation 




see all publications

log in to access all contentusernamepasswordantispam 1antispam 2antispam 3loginreset log-innot a member yet?join mlrc today!we provide you with essential tools to advance first amendment and media rights, and a supportive community in which to discuss emerging legal issues and the future of communication.sign up





latest issues




jan 2025





medialawletter january 2025
texas free-speech advocates gear up for another anti-slapp fight; fox news slapps defamation suit, wins attorney fees; court dismisses implied defamation claims brought by former ny philharmonic musician; ninth circuit opens up possibility of copyright protection for kinetic sculpture; and more.




dec 2024





medialawletter december 2024
tiktok falls under the long shadow of holder; sarah palin’s second chance to try libel case against the new york times set for april; second circuit affirms dismissal of defamation case against newsweek; ten questions for florida lawyer mark caramanica and more.




dec 2024





articles & reports – newsgathering committee – mlrc panic book

















publications
zoom series
events
committees
about
join
login
 




© 2025 media law resource center. all rights reserved.


privacy policy.
terms of use.
 
























