



the b&b lady – for hospitality innsight




























skip to content 





 




menu 
home
kit’s b&b articles
kit’s b&b/boutique hotel ebooks
contact kit
kit’s main site
 








kit cassingham: “the b&b lady” 

i love the hospitality industry! you will, too, especially if you have add. my time as a b&b innkeeper, broker, and consultant was exhilarating. as i’ve learned more about add i’ve come to recognize that my add-strengths came perfectly into play as an innkeeper. multitasking, creative, enthusiastic, being attentive to the little details, and taking care of people. the structured environment, social connections, and busy schedule all supported my strengths.
most entrepreneurs have add/adhd. innkeepers are entrepreneurs. it holds that most innkeepers have add. that means you have strengths — superpowers, if you will — that will help you create and run a successful inn, if you also learn to manage your weakness. all of this is where i come in.
i’m a high performance coach. i help entrepreneurs with add focus their strengths and clear their hurdles so they can stop struggling and thrive. i especially love working with those in the hospitality industry. i coach owners and managers of independent, boutique hotels (small lodging properties, if you prefer) to help them embrace their add gifts and step into their power.
the b&b lady articles are from my long-history as a b&b innkeeper, coach, and consultant. learn what you need from them.  subscribe to my life newsletter (my main coaching site is liveinfocusedenergy.com) to learn more about add/adhd and how it impacts your life — for better and worse.
 









search for:



article categoriesarticle categories
select category
about us
amenities
b&b brokers
b&b daily operations
bad deals
breakfast
brochures, websites & advertising
budget
buying and selling a bed and breakfast
cleaning & laundry
computer & reservation software
conducting research
customer service
education after becoming an innkeeper
education before becoming an innkeeper
employees
environmental
finances
finances for your b&b
general
getting a break
getting a good deal
gift shop
guest comfort
guestrooms
insurance
kitchens
legal & insurance issues
making an offer
market niche
marketing your b&b
meetings, weddings, & special events
newsletters
on the horizon
packages / specials
pricing
recipes
selling a b&b
social hour & snacks
special approaches
staff traning
starting a b&b
statistics and trends
technology
website suggestions


 





 







					©1989-2025 kit cassingham, all rights reserved.				











