





stone: leading industrial material logistics & handling experts








stone: leading industrial material logistics & handling experts



















































logistics
material handling
transport




maintenance
careers
stone at work
contact us












getting what you need, where you need it
stone has been an expert in moving industrial materials for over forty years - transporting, crushing, screening, maintaining, and brokering the essential materials and goods that drive our country and your business forward.

                let’s move together










why stone is moving material
we’ve mastered the process of sourcing, processing, and transporting the resources our customers need, so they can focus on what they do best - building, assembling, servicing, and creating tomorrow’s america.









our foundational promise
at stone, we do what we say. then we do more. we know the job isn’t done until it’s done right, so we go the extra mile to keep your business moving forward.


















logistics
our network of partners ensures assets and people are exactly where they need to be, when you need them.

                                    learn more





material handling
we handle the processing, crushing, screening, and prepping that are essential for construction and trades.

                                    learn more





transportation
we get your materials where they need to be without delay or disruption.

                                    learn more





maintenance
our dedicated staff of mechanics service and repair heavy-duty equipment to keep drivers safe and machinery reliable.

                                    learn more















scaled for your success
headquartered in michigan, stone focuses its operations in the geographical triangle drawn by michigan, texas, and alabama but also serves projects in north dakota, texas, and beyond.

with our scaled operations and network of partners, we’re able to be wherever you need us.                








start a career
our people are our most important asset. apply to join team stone.

                join the team







let’s move
ready to see what our team can do for yours? contact us to start a conversation.



 













































		






















3495 hack rd
saginaw, mi 48601 
(989) 754-4788
staffing@stonetransport.com










© 2024 stone transport





















