




edgewood group






















apartments
resident resources
contact
login





make yourself at home

find an updated apartment in rhode island.

view apartments
get information






featured communities







the gaspee
warwick, ri
1 bedrooms
explore →










parkside
cranston, ri
studios & 1 bedrooms
explore →










the grand
cranston, ri
1 & 2 bedrooms
explore →




explore all apartments







 

the feeling of home
with us, you’re not just a resident. you’re our neighbor—a unique person we share our daily lives with. and because we care about our neighbors, we’re committed to the ultimate neighbor experience: the full considered way we work to brighten the community around you.









from our residents




		one of the best landlords i've ever worked with! the apartment was beautifully updated and any concerns or problems were fixed promptly. highly recommended.
	

		cheryl a. — the gaspee (warwick, ri)
	



		working with the edgewood group leasing team was one of the best experiences i've had while looking for an apartment. i immediately felt like i was in good hands.
	

		mary t. — edge (cranston, ri)
	



		there are no words to describe how i felt when i opened the door to my newly renovated apartment for the first time. it was as if they styled and designed the space perfectly for me.
	

		diego c. — princeton (north providence, ri)
	











have questions?
we've got answers! check out our resident resources to learn more about life in our communities.
resident resources





interested?
if you're ready for a tour, or have questions not answered in our faq, fill out our guest card.
contact us





stay in the loop
get in touch and learn more about our buildings or be notified when your perfect home is available.
sign up










edgewood group caters to the desires of a new generation of renters. by offering unique, well designed, updated apartment communities, we're providing everyone an opportunity to have housing that they are proud to call their home.


site navigation

home
apartments
faq
contact



for our residents

resident portal
maintenance request
online rent pay
refer a friend



contact us

p: 401-573-1000
f: 401-526-9517
info@edgewoodgroup.com

be social










© copyright 2025 the edgewood group. all rights reserved.



















