












poultry for sale | backyard poultry | chickens, ducks, geese, turkeys









































































home
about us

products



advertised specials
shopping cart
contact us
cool kids coop


 follow us






 









 


home
about us

products



advertised specials
shopping cart
contact us
cool kids coop

 

 follow us






 
 



 wholesale login
 currently available



sign in / sign up



















faq’s
poultry care
order policies
shipping 







established in 1937,
ideal poultry is one of the largest suppliers of quality 
backyard poultry in the united states  shop now 





our poultry products









standard breeds




shop now









bantams




shop now









water fowl




shop now






search by:

breed type
standard chicks
bantams
crested
ducks
geese
turkeys
guineas
other



breed purpose
layer
meat
dual
ornamental
hunting / feathers / meat
pest control / meat / watchdog



egg color
blue
brown
buff-green
dark brown
g & bl
gray
green
light brown
olive
olive green
speckled
tinted
white
white-blue
white-green


lay rate
good
fair
poor










the ideal poultry story
one of the largest suppliers of quality backyard poultry since 1937

            ideal poultry breeding farms, inc., first known as ideal hatchery & poultry farm, has been producing quality poultry since brothers leo and theo fuchs (pronounced fox) started the business in 1937.  leo and his wife edna were sole owners of ideal from 1946 until 1973 when they sold the business to monroe, their youngest son.
        
ideal poultry continues as a family owned and operated business, currently being equally owned by three of monroe’s children; gary, the president, is responsible for all poultry production including supervision of the hatchery and breeding farms; janet crouch, vice president is responsible for sales and management of the office staff, vice president, teri adcox is responsible for overseeing the shipment of all of ideal’s products and supervising internet and retail sales.  
gary’s son, stephen, a 2009 texas a&m poultry science graduate, has become the first member of the fourth generation of the fuchs family to join ideal’s staff and is being trained by his father to manage all production aspects of the business. gary’s other son nathan, a 2012 texas a&m poultry science graduate and 2013 masters graduate of texas a&m, joined the business to manage the hatchery.  janet’s son kevin, a 2015 texas a&m agriculture leadership & development graduate of texas a&m, has joined the business to lead the sales and payroll aspects of ideal poultry.
more than 50,000 poultry breeders: chickens, bantams, ducks, geese, guineas, turkey, pheasant and chukar
ideal poultry maintains more than fifty-thousand breeders on its company owned farms. ideal currently hatches and sells 79 standard chicken breeds/varieties, 58 breeds/varieties of bantams, 9 breeds of ducks, 3 breeds of geese and 4 breeds/varieties of guineas.  in addition, ideal has available, as a service to its customers, 9 heritage breeds of turkeys, ring neck pheasants and chukar.
ideal’s story is a story of survival.  while many hatcheries have been forced to close, ideal poultry has become the leader in producing non-commercial poultry annually, selling more than six million items of baby poultry.  ideal’s success can be attributed to following sound christian principles in providing quality products and service to offer the best experience for our customers.



















































join our mailing list 

want to keep up to the minute with what's happening at ideal and our latest sales offers?
join our mailing list by clicking the "join!" button below, fill out the information on the form, and we'll make sure you stay up to date!

join now









contact us



                                        215 west main street
                                        cameron, tx 76520
                                        telephone: 1-800-243-3257
                                        fax: 254-697-2393 
                                        e-mail: sales@idealpoultry.com











online catalog


get in touch









please wait...

















ideal poultry breeding farms inc. © 2025 all rights reserved | privacy policy | terms & conditions
all prices and specifications are subject to change without prior notice. the information that appears on this website is reliable but not guaranteed. no parts of this site, or any of it’s content, including images and written text, may be duplicated in whole or in part without express written permission.





















