


the university of sunderland























jump to accessibility statement
skip to content





the university of sunderland


































menu


search






close menu


study

subject areas and courses
undergraduate study
postgraduate study
international study
scholarships and bursaries
study abroad
short courses and cpd
advanced, higher and degree apprenticeships
online and distance learning
yet to apply
register your interest
request a prospectus

open days and events

open days
events
applicant and offer holder days
campus tours
virtual experience
graduations

student experience

student experience
living in sunderland
on campus
chat to our students
accommodation
students' union
discover sunderland blog
student stories
student support 
virtual experience

researchabout

about the university
our campuses
our achievements
academic staff profiles
100 years of pharmacy
sustainability
equality, diversity and inclusion
30th anniversary 
universities for north east england

help and advice

frequently asked questions
information for parents and supporters
degrees explained
mature students
support for care experienced students
support for estranged students
support for armed forces and veterans
support for gtrsb students
your finances

more...

information for schools and colleges
business services
st mary's childcare centre
alumni
news and media resources










closeclose menu


search query

search








play video



pause video









we are the life changing
university of sunderland



search

search


view our courses
book an open day
virtual experience




trending

reopening of our newly refurbished campus cinema
cost of living hub
what are my options if i've missed the ucas deadline?








i really enjoyed my time at university. the course taught me a lot of fundamental skills that i use every day in my current role. graduating with a first-class honours gave me the confidence to apply for jobs and hit the ground running in my graduate role.



sarah hibbert, bsc (hons) cybersecurity and digital forensics

read sarah's story




find out more about studying herechat to our students














shortlisted for university of the year
once again, we're thrilled to have been shortlisted as university of the year in this year's times higher education (the) annual awards. 
 
shortlisted for university of the year 







courses starting in early 2025

we have a range of undergraduate and postgraduate courses that typically start in january to april each year.
browse our courses



sunderland, london, hong kong.we're local, national and global.





x





city campus, sunderland
sunderland has a rich history and one of the uk’s lowest costs of living. city campus is at the centre of our modern city, and is home to our main administration and support services, library, lecture halls, and our excellent sport facilities at cityspace. it is the centre for the university’s arts and design courses and the northern centre of photography. the campus is also home to our main sciences provision, housing our world-famous pharmacy school, our living labs, school of nursing and the newly-established school of medicine.
the sir tom cowie campus at st peter's, sunderland
the university’s impressive riverside campus is within easy reach of both the city and sunderland’s miles of beautiful beaches. business, law, tourism, education and social sciences are based here, as is the university’s main centre for computing and engineering. media is also taught here, at the david puttnam media centre, which houses a cinema, industry-standard tv studios, lecture halls and the university’s award-winning community radio station, spark sunderland. the riverside is also home to national glass centre, a renowned centre for glass design and innovation, as well as the impressive david goldman technology centre, with over 200 computer workstations.



x





university of sunderland in hong kong
based on gloucester road, university of sunderland in hong kong sits in the vibrant neighbourhood of wan chai – a stone’s throw away from the mtr station. business, finance, and tourism are the key disciplines taught at our harbour-side campus in this exciting city.



x





university of sunderland in london
the university of sunderland in london, located near the canary wharf financial district, is a base we’re proud of having in one of the most vibrant cities in the world. as well as professionally-focused courses in business, finance and tourism, we also offer health-related programmes, including nursing, health and social care. our students have the unique opportunity to live, work and study in an internationally-diverse city that is steeped in rich culture and history. 




latest news






vice-chancellor’s role for professor michael young
the university of sunderland’s deputy vice-chancellor (dvc) academic, professor michael young, has been named the new vice-chancellor of edge hill university
“while i look forward to my new role, i will always cherish my time at this inspiring and forward-thinking university"





knife crime spotlighted at police short film awards
a short film highlighting the impact of knife crime has been named the winner at an annual awards ceremony at the university of sunderland
"through these five powerful films, students have tackled a difficult subject with creativity and sensitivity"




national apprenticeship week 2025: apprentice teachers on course to change lives
two aspiring teachers share how studying an apprenticeship with the university of sunderland is preparing them for the classroom 
“my favourite part of the apprenticeship is teaching the students; it gives me a great sense of warmth and joy”



more news













 


play slider



pause slider






 


visit us

our campuses
university of sunderland in london
job vacancies
contact us
parking
getting here



more info?

about us
how is the university managed?
news and media resources
centre for enhancement of learning and teaching
staff and students
legal statements



useful links

pay online (payportal)
myapplication
virtual experience
integrated foundation year courses
online masters degrees
human resources






the university of sunderland
edinburgh building
city campus
chester road
sunderland
sr1 3sd

main switchboard: +44 (0)191 515 2000
course helpline: +44 (0)191 515 3000



























































accessibility
terms & conditions
privacy & cookies
freedom of information
modern slavery statement
my sunderland








visit our facebook channel






visit our instagram page





visit our tiktok channel





visit our x channel





visit our linkedin page





visit our youtube channel









play sparkfm


















