     new & used ford car dealer | easton, md | preston ford                             


                                          preston ford lincoln        sales 410-673-7171    service 410-673-7171  parts 410-673-7171      4313 preston roadhurlock, md 21643                                service        map        contact                       preston ford lincoln                 call 410-673-7171   directions                  new   search new inventory   current event offers   under $30k vehicles   we deliver   lifted trucks   custom order your ford   ford f-150 truck buying guide     evs & hybrids   new hybrid & evs   used hybrids & evs   electric vehicle maintenance   ev buying guide   hybrid vehicle buying guide   custom factory order     pre-owned   search pre-owned inventory   pre-owned specials   vehicles under $20k   ford blue advantage inventory   new arrivals   pre-owned vehicle offers   certified pre-owned vehicles     sell / trade   commercial   new   pre-owned   new commercial vans   ford commercial credit app   finance options   ford pro™ telematics   section 179 savings     frog specials   current event offers   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   appreciation programs   pag gift cards   tires   ford accessories   fordpass   ford collision   shop ford parts     finance   finance   get pre-approved   payment calculator   value your trade   ford lease offers   buy now, pay later   lease return center   our triton warranty program   preston for life     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   schedule mobile service   service & parts specials   body shop     about us   our dealership   hours & directions   meet our staff   why the frog?   join our team   race to the top 50   preston cares   review center   contact us   ford model research   ford blue advantage   our blog                     new   search new inventory   current event offers   under $30k vehicles   we deliver   lifted trucks   custom order your ford   ford f-150 truck buying guide     evs & hybrids   new hybrid & evs   used hybrids & evs   electric vehicle maintenance   ev buying guide   hybrid vehicle buying guide   custom factory order     pre-owned   search pre-owned inventory   pre-owned specials   vehicles under $20k   ford blue advantage inventory   new arrivals   pre-owned vehicle offers   certified pre-owned vehicles     sell / trade   commercial   new   pre-owned   new commercial vans   ford commercial credit app   finance options   ford pro™ telematics   section 179 savings     frog specials   current event offers   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   appreciation programs   pag gift cards   tires   ford accessories   fordpass   ford collision   shop ford parts     finance   finance   get pre-approved   payment calculator   value your trade   ford lease offers   buy now, pay later   lease return center   our triton warranty program   preston for life     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   schedule mobile service   service & parts specials   body shop     about us   our dealership   hours & directions   meet our staff   why the frog?   join our team   race to the top 50   preston cares   review center   contact us   ford model research   ford blue advantage   our blog               
      disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                 










inventory







    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset find my car   search reset         find my car        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       find my car   reset         











service




schedule service
 schedule now





service
our service technicians are highly trained and certified.




service





schedule





specials





custom order












      search new inventory     search used inventory        









get
 financing














view
 specials















 schedule

 service













custom
order






     















     



a vehicle for every lifestyle
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





mustang





mach-e





maverick






escape





edge





explorer





expedition





bronco





bronco sport





ranger





f-150





super duty





transit





transit connect




explore all new inventory



      


preston pre-owned program
the preston pre-owned program was developed to help customers find the perfect pre-owned vehicle to fit their needs. our vehicles are carefully inspected and classified into three categories: gold, silver, and bronze based on specific criteria each category requires. shop our inventory today to find the perfect pre-owned vehicle for you! 
learn more




our at home services
we will bring the dealership to you with our at home services program. vehicle delivery, at home test drives, and video walk arounds can all be done from the comfort of your home. we also offer pick-up and delivery of vehicles for service-no need to step foot in the dealership! check out all our services we offer today! 
learn more


preston cares
community is a core value for the preston automotive group. we actively support the communities we serve and encourage involvement in programs that are important to our associates.
learn more

       
welcome to preston ford, serving ford shoppers in easton, salisbury, denton, cambridge, and all nearby regions of delmarva


discover delmarva’s one-stop shop for all things ford. at preston ford, we have everything you need to satisfy your craving for adventure. from the latest ford models to expert service technicians, preston ford is the place to get on the road and stay on it for years. our staff strives to provide every customer with the most fulfilling experience through our core values of integrity, urgency, teamwork, personal growth, attention to detail, and community. the team at your local easton, md, ford dealer treats every customer like family and enters every sale with the promise that “cars cost less in preston.” when you are ready to change the way you drive, come visit preston ford, located at 4313 preston road, hurlock, md 21643, or call our sales team at 410-442-6227.


learn more



a ford for you

start off your next road trip in a classic ford model from our reliable and affordable inventory. your ford dealer near easton, md, has the latest version of your dream ford, from the ford explorer to america’s favorite truck, the ford f-150. in combination with our frog specials and the fact that we sell so many vehicles, we are able to offer our customers excellent prices. not only will your car cost less, but it comes with a membership to our loyalty program, preston for life. the program provides birthday benefits, a lifetime engine guarantee, discounts on accessories, and more. take a look at our rows of ford models, including the ford bronco, ford bronco sport,  ford edge, ford escape, ford expedition, ford explorer, ford f-150, ford maverick, ford mustang, ford mustang mach-e, ford ranger, ford super duty series, and ford transit at your local easton, md, ford dealer.

shop new




reliable pre-owned models

if you want to save even more on your purchase and drive away in a vehicle that will hold its value for many memory-filled years, shop our selection of the highest quality pre-owned vehicles in delmarva. we thoroughly inspect every vehicle on the lot at our ford dealer near easton, md, to ensure each one operates at peak performance. preston pre-owned is a three-tiered program featuring vehicles to fit various budget options. vehicles in our preston pre-owned gold inventory come with the preston lifetime engine guarantee and are “ding and dent” certified. shop more wallet-friendly options in our preston pre-owned silver and bronze sections. you may find a reliable ford blue advantage model or a vehicle you love from another leading manufacturer. stop by your salisbury, md, ford dealer to start searching for the perfect vehicle for you.

shop pre-owned


let’s put rubber to road


all you have left to do after you have picked out the right vehicle for your lifestyle is to work with our finance team to secure a loan and craft the budget that fits your needs. whether you are purchasing the car to own or choose to lease, our finance staff is here to help. you can get pre-approved for financing today by filling out our free credit application online. then, use our payment calculator tool to estimate how much you will be spending on your ride. if you have any questions about financing your next vehicle, reach out to your local easton, md, ford dealer.

get pre-approved



stay on-the-go


the best way to keep your vehicle running is to have a service team you can trust. the service center at your ford dealer near easton, md, is staffed by a team of factory trained technicians who are prepared to tackle any job you throw at them. bring your ford back for routine maintenance and use any of our current service specials to save on your service. need us to come to you? no problem! schedule a mobile service appointment and our mobile service van will come take care of your vehicle outside of your home or workplace. all service appointments can be made easily using our online form.

service center




shop preston ford


now is your chance to become part of the preston ford family by purchasing your next vehicle from among our expansive selection. all your ford needs can be met with the help of the friendly staff at your ford dealer near easton, md. stop in today to begin your journey at preston ford.

contact us
































     


sales hours     monday 8:30am - 8:00pm     tuesday 8:30am - 8:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 8:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 8:00pm    friday 8:30am - 8:00pm    saturday 8:30am - 6:00pm    sunday closed    





          

    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures preston ford lincoln | 4313 preston road, hurlock, md 21643 | sales: 410-673-7171 |                



















                   