     waco ford dealer in west tx | china spring bellmead hewitt ford dealership texas                            



                                   sykora family ford, inc.        sales 254-484-4058    service 254-484-4060  parts 254-484-4057  sykora collision center 877-730-4634   519 s george kacir drivewest, tx 76691                                          service        map        contact                       sykora family ford, inc.            call 254-484-4058   directions                       new   search inventory   model showroom   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   2024 ford maverick   custom factory order     used   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   ford certified vehicles   certified pre-owned overview   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     value your trade   specials   sykora family specials   manufacturer specials   service & parts specials    ford local offers     service   schedule service   service department   general service	   battery service   quick lane®   fordpass   fordpass rewards   ford protect   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   ford accessories   shop ford parts   parts brand   tires     finance   finance department   payment calculator   estimate your credit   apply for financing      about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   the sykora story   our czech heritage   sykora videos     contact   dealer information   hours & directions   leave us a review   covid-19 (coronavirus)                     home   new   search inventory   model showroom   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   2024 ford maverick   custom factory order     used   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   ford certified vehicles   certified pre-owned overview   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     value your trade   specials   sykora family specials   manufacturer specials   service & parts specials    ford local offers     service   schedule service   service department   general service	   battery service   quick lane®   fordpass   fordpass rewards   ford protect   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   ford accessories   shop ford parts   parts brand   tires     finance   finance department   payment calculator   estimate your credit   apply for financing      about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   the sykora story   our czech heritage   sykora videos     contact   dealer information   hours & directions   leave us a review   covid-19 (coronavirus)               











inventory




inventory
search

       filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      all    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       











service




schedule service
 schedule now





service
our service technicians are highly trained and certified.




specials





schedule





service














                                                   disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                         search new inventory     search used inventory            a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory   
     




finance









value your trade









schedule test drive






     
      

sykora family ford, inc.
ford dealership in west, tx
sykora family ford, inc. is your source for new & used ford cars, trucks, suv, parts, service and more in the west area. since 1968, people have come from all over central texas including waco, hewitt, bellmead, china spring, robinson, whitney, hillsboro, lorena, corsicana, axtell, mexia, mart, groesbeck, gholson, penelope and more to become part of our sykora family of customers.
more about us

            


a car you can call new

we call it ford certified pre-owned (cpo). you'll call it peace of mind. that's because every cpo vehicle comes with a 172-point inspection, carfax® vehicle history report, and comprehensive and powertrain limited warranties. there's added value to a ford certified pre-owned vehicle.

shop certified




     

f-series
the best-selling trucks in america for 50 straight years.

since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability. up-to-the-nanosecond technology. and jaw-dropping capability. leading the way for 50 straight years is grueling, intense and tough. yeah. just the way f-series likes it.

view inventory





     



follow us on social media


                                 







    sales hours          monday 8:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 6:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 3:00pm    sunday closed         service hours          monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday closed    sunday closed         parts hours          monday 7:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 12:00pm    sunday closed        







ford dealership in west, texas
if you're looking for quality vehicles and premier customer service in the waco, texas, area, there's no better place than sykora family ford, inc.. at our dealership, you'll find a wide variety of vehicles on offer for drivers in the waco, hillsboro, temple, and whitney areas. you'll also receive the award-winning customer service you deserve, with unrelenting dedication from our team members.


about our
 dealership
our dealership was founded in 1968 by ed sykora, and we've been family owned in the half-century since. the third generation of sykoras is working at the dealership now, and that small-family atmosphere is what drives our people to care so much about all who walk through our doors. our motto is "our family makes the difference!" and you'll notice it the second you visit our facility.
when you visit us, you're not just a customer, but rather a member of our community that we can get to know. our friendly staff can then use that information to match you up with a vehicle that uniquely suits your specific needs. but that's just the beginning of what we can offer. if you're looking for maintenance service or financing, our knowledgeable team is happy to help with that as well.


about our
 vehicles
no dealership would be complete without a wide selection of vehicles to choose from, so we like to keep our lot stocked with the latest and greatest from the ford lineup. whether you're looking for the ford f-150, super duty, explorer, expedition, or edge, we have them all. you can take a look for yourself using our online database. every vehicle on our lot has an updated entry online, so you don't even have to leave your home to browse our inventory.
while our team is always happy to get you acquainted with a brand-new vehicle, we have an expansive used lot as well. you'll find even more variety there, including pre-owned models of classic ford favorites as well as vehicles from other manufacturers. for drivers looking for extra assurances, be sure to check out our selection of certified pre-owned vehicles that are as close to new as a used car can get.


about our
 services
even after you've made your purchase, we still strive to make your experience as a car owner as easy as possible. that's why we're happy to have a state-of-the-art service center for all your maintenance needs. working on ford vehicles takes a bit of finesse ever since they made the switch to aluminum bodies for various models, but our technicians have the necessary certifications to keep your vehicle in top shape.
our service center requires ford master certification from all our technicians, but some of the employees have already taken it a step further. several are working toward becoming ford senior master certified, so you can be sure that your vehicle is getting the quick and quality service it deserves from a team that already knows your vehicle inside and out.
our team looks forward to meeting you and helping with all your automotive needs. you won't find quality service like this anywhere else, especially considering we've won the customer satisfaction award from ford over 20 times now. stop by our dealership today!




    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures sykora family ford, inc. | 519 s george kacir drive, west, tx 76691 | sales: 254-484-4058 |                
















               