








tucson tabernacle - home























 jesus christ the same yesterday, today and forever! 







toggle navigation







william marrion branhamresourcesfree downloadsphoto gallerylinks





			you are here:  
		


					home				










hometucson tabernacleannouncementsworship servicespearry green - founding pastorbrother pearry green - sermonswilliam marrion branhaminformation aboutsermons- download freesermons- purchase infoindexes - download freesermons- seriesbiographiesvisions | prophecies | eventsresourcesbibles | study toolsbooksother itemssources pagefree downloads | viewingtestimoniesbulletin board displaysarticles and tractsphoto galleryintroductionjeffersonville areatucson and arizonaother places100th birthdaymore...scripturesquoteslinksother links...our contact info












			new website for tucson tabernacle		
tucson tabernacle has a new website with current church information. this website located at tucsontabernacle.org will be archival information only. for current church details visit our new site at tucsontabernacle.com
tucsontabernacle.com





			tucson tabernacle		


our ministry is based on the bible and has been greatly affected by the biblical teachings of brother william marrion branham. 
we are not a place of perfect people. we are just sinners saved by god’s amazing grace. we have no holiness or merits of our own to present to the lord jesus, but we are trusting in his grace, in his redemption, in his sacrifice that he made on calvary for our sins. we have no membership, only fellowship. 
for those who would like to visit tucson tabernacle, you may find our service times and location under worship services. we also have a few sermons available for listening to or downloading.





			acts of the prophet		
by brother pearry green

after being out of print for many years, the acts of the prophet has had minor revisions made and the book is now available. the new edition has 55 photographs within its 224 pages. brother pearry green released the first copies of his book on october 15, 2014. 
as an eyewitness and a friend of brother william branham, brother green took several nights in 1969 to give a series of testimonies to his congregation at tucson tabernacle. unknown to him, a group of them were transcribing the testimonies and making mimeographed copies of them. these testimonies were first published and distributed in december 1969 as a mimeographed book. 
at the same time another brother asked to edit brother green’s testimonies so it could be printed as a paperback book. when this book was ready to print, another brother who had sold a piece of real estate donated the money toward printing the first edited edition of the book. since 1969, tens of thousands of copies have been distributed across the world in several languages. 
the acts of the prophet is now available from tucson tabernacle, 2555 n. stone ave., tucson, arizona 85705 usa. 
to have the acts of the prophet mailed to a usa address, the suggested donation is $10 each us funds (which includes postage). if you would like a copy mailed to you, please send your mailing address, the quantity of books you would like shipped to you, along with your donation to tucson tabernacle. (sorry, no credit cards.) 
since the postage varies greatly for shipping to an international address, please contact tucson tabernacle for the suggested donation amount for your location. 
english: available from tucson tabernaclespanish: (being revised)russian: available
available from:
tucson tabernacle





			william  marrion  branham		

many outstanding events happened in the life and ministry of brother william branham. he traveled the world preaching and praying for the sick.
during the years of 1947 through 1965, over 1100 of his sermons were recorded. these sermons are available from several sources in both audio and text formats. they are available for free download or for purchase. some are sermon series, where he preached several sermons about a subject. listings of these are available under each series.
brother branham was given visions from the lord. many were for specific people or individual persons concerning their lives. the lord also showed him seven things which would happen before the end. we refer to this vision as the 7-event vision, which is listed under visions | prophecies | events.
several biographies also have been written about his life and ministry.





			resources		
resources includes descriptions of these items and places to obtain them:

bibles | study tools (audio bibles, children's bibles, bible concordances, the bible on the internet, an internet-based searchable bible and study tools, and offline bible study tools, etc.)
books (that were distributed during william branham’s campaigns, devotional books, biographies, songbooks, hymnals, etc.)
other items (such as pictures, prints, and dvds)
the sources page pdf lists more items than are listed on this website.






			free  downloads		
many items that have been available from tucson tabernacle are now available as free downloads. 

testimonies
bulletin board displays
articles and tracts






			photo  gallery		

this photo gallery contains text documents and photos that have been obtained by brother pearry green and tucson tabernacle over many years.
more descriptions of photos is found under bulletin board displays.






			more  and  links…		

scriptures is a grouping of bible verses that were edifying to several people.
quotes is a grouping of quotes from the sermons brother branham preached that were edifying to several people.
other links - some websites give information concerning the ministry of william branham, some offer audio listening of sermons, testimonies, and translations of sermons, etc. 
our contact info









consider this (scriptures)...
the lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart; and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit. many are the afflictions of the righteous: but the lord delivereth him out of them all.-- psalms 34:18-19 kjv



consider this (quotes)...
o god, have mercy. where can you find any creed that's better than the word of god? where can you find any love that's deeper than the love of jesus christ? where can you find any satisfaction deeper than the satisfaction jesus christ gives? what makes you do the things you do, is because you're-- it shows a emptiness. a woman that wears her eyes blue, and cuts off her hair, and wears manicure-- and a man that will stand and permit his wife and children to act like that, it goes to show there's a emptiness somewhere that ought to be filled with power, that ought to be christ in there. but it testifies of itself.a man that would proselyte, bring believers from one group to another, it shows there's an emptiness there. he's working for an organization instead of the kingdom of god. i don't care where they go to, as long as they're borned of the spirit of god they'll live a christian life. a emptiness, the works testify of it.-- brother branhamjanuary 26, 1963
















					back to top				


				© 2025 tucson tabernacle			




