
















	orlando marketing systems | lead generation and sales | digital marketing services 
















talk with us









want better results from your marketing?
talk with us








want better results from your marketing?









what's holding you back...





can't get enough leads or sales...
lack of time to handle your marketing...
not being found in the search engines...




living with a website that you hate...
keeping up with social media...
sales slip away with no follow-up...









get your business back on track



more leads
our state-of-the-art traffic generators will get your offers in front of the right customers for your business.




better follow-up
people get distracted. our marketing systems don't. stay on top of your follow-up by using sales automation.




more sales
research shows that 96% of prospects do buy eventually. your marketing system will keep you in the game until they are ready.







talk with us








we know integrating marketing and technology can be difficult...







                           at smt, no technical expertise is required. we work with the technology every day… so you don't have to!
                          






                            we've worked with over 4,500 companies in our 30 years in business. in that time, we've left no one behind. in fact, we have a 100% satisfaction guarantee. all our work is guaranteed.
                          






                            at sales & marketing technologies we'll treat your business like it is our own. if you are looking for an experienced partner that has your back, look no further…
                          

talk with us













you're in good company
hear how we've helped clients succeed in the online marketplace








"we were struggling to increase site visits and convert those visitors into leads. smt helped us clarify our message and value proposition. in less than a year, we had more than doubled our site traffic and increased our conversion rate!"
jack mcgrath president, digitec interactive









"before hiring smt we worked with four different developers and numerous other companies over the course of ten years. there were some reputable companies in that time and we had some limited success. however, nobody ever seemed to pull everything together for us. smt is the first web company we’ve ever worked with that feels like a partnership. we’ve never once felt like a bother or that they were too busy to handle a situation. they take an interest, listen well, and offer solutions that help our business succeed. they are willing to think outside the box and are extremely reliable. i really can’t say enough about them. they have added more value to our organization than i would have ever expected. perhaps the best part? smt helped 10x our web sales in three years!"
michael killen, amish yard, founder and president












let's create the perfect marketing system for your business




 
 



here are the components...

trafficseo, ppc, and social media marketing
intakewebsites, funnels, and online stores
follow upcrm system, marketing automation, and email

whether you need one component or a whole marketing system, sales & marketing technologies is the right choice.
talk with us









better marketing is easy as...




1
schedule a call
this allows us to understand your business and your goals


2
consult with a pro 
we work together to develop the best strategy for your business


3
get answers!
let us give you specific recommendations on how to get more from your marketing


talk with us






from reaching out to the right target audience to deals signed, sealed, and delivered.


much of your marketing success is determined by how well your overall marketing system functions from end-to-end. your overall marketing system is made up of a series of smaller marketing components which are designed for specific purposes like traffic generation, lead intake and follow up. results suffer when these components are running stand alone or don’t work well together, or are missing a critical piece.
 
at smt, we analyze your existing marketing system front to back. we fix any issues necessary to give you a optimal marketing system. once your marketing system is up and running, you’ll see just how powerful your marketing can be. more leads and more sales… usually without spending more on advertising, hiring more sales reps or working longer hours.
 
an smt marketing system can revolutionize the way you run your business. going from a disorganized hodgepodge of sticky notes, google docs, spreadsheets and “while you were out” messages to an organized, streamlined system where leads don't fall through the cracks. it all starts with finding your best prospects online, attracting them into your business, rapid follow up and powerful messaging to assist your sales team in closing deals.
talk with us













see where it hurts…









evaluate your own marketing with the free smt marketing systems scorecard.  get it by clicking the button below.
 
get the  scorecard now









			get in touch
            with us



thank you for your interest in sales & marketing technologies. we offer a free, no-cost, no-obligation consultation. if you have any questions regarding our products or services or need a quote, please fill out this form. a representative from our company will be in contact with you within 1 business day. too slow? call us at 407.682.2222.




















yes! sign me up for tips & trends from smt












submit
















our work
web development
digital marketing
automation
about smt
tips & trends




contact us
faq
refer a client
employment
privacy policy
site map






sales & marketing technologies

920 wekiva springs road #916130 
longwood, fl 32791

407.682.2222





 







toggle navigation








review us 

google
yelp
facebook







                          newsletter signup





















​
            
















sales & marketing technologies
            © copyright 2025 sales & marketing technologies, ltd. all rights reserved.

  











×
newsletter signup


please add me to smt’s enewsletter mailing list. 



                first name
            




                last name
            




                email
            







close
send









×
gdpr compliance


        are you connecting from any of the countries in the european union (eu), a eu national travelling abroad, or someone protected by the gdpr?
      


yesno








×
modal header


some text in the modalasdf.


close









×




uncover the truth about your marketing performance with our smt marketing scorecard. 
get a quick analysis of your marketing, including:


overall health assessment
identification of missing components
key performance areas holding you back
prioritized action plan for improvement


get actionable insights in just a few minutes by filling out the form and accessing your personalized scorecard!

please fill out the form to get instant access to the smt marketing systems scorecard.


first name

last name

last name

 email

phone




* we will not spam, rent, or sell your information... *





close









×




free 30 min discovery call




                                    first name
                                




                                    last name
                                






                                    phone*
                                




                                    email*
                                






                                    web address*
                                






what would you like to discuss on our call?*

please select
i need help with my website
i need help with search traffic
i need help with social media advertising
i need help with email marketing
all the above
none of the above - please explain below





anything else you would like us to know?







* we will not spam, rent, or sell your information... *







close










ok
get me more info






















