










first strategic insight - the forum for international affairs





































 







top



first

menu



search




go




basket

about
events
awards
publishing
contact







the forum for international affairs
first strategic insight is a multi-disciplinary international affairs organisation founded in 1984 to enhance communication between leaders in industry, finance and government worldwide, and to promote dialogue at the strategic level. this is achieved through three principal channels: publishing, events and roundtables, and awards. 






news see more




                                    thai-united kingdom business council roundtable with guest of honour he thani thongphakdi- press release                                





                                    luncheon in honour of he mukhtar tileuberdi, deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs of kazakhstan- press release                                





                                    first published official tanzania report                                







events see more








rupert goodman congratulates mark day of altyn dala winner of earthshot prize

rupert goodman congratulates mark day of altyn dala winner of the earthshot prize. altyn dala is a superb organisation promoting wildlife conservation in kazakhstan.
read more →












national day of the republic of kazakhstan











official kazakhstan business delegation welcomed to united kingdom by the british-kazkah society











special farewell breakfast for ambassador of thailand








publishing see more


the recipient of a ppa award for publishing excellence, first was established in 1984 to enhance communication between leaders in industry, finance and government at the strategic level. first brings together the ideas and opinions of the global leadership community in special publications.








reports







books







specialist publishing







first magazine







cartography








responsible capitalism awardssee more



in 2000 first instituted the award for responsible capitalism to honour business leaders who have excelled by both commercial success and social responsibility. 

when making the award the judges are looking for a business leader who has consistently demonstrated social responsibility as an integral part of commercial success, examining in particular the manner in which their business interacts both with the environment and the communities in which they operate; someone who has run a company in a clearly responsible way.
read more...










get in touch
first strategic insight ltd
                    c/o 16 pembroke road
					kensington
                    london w8 6nt

                    tel: +44 (0) 20 7440 3500



information

readership profile
privacy policy
terms and conditions
recruitment



useful links

responsible capitalism
british-kazakh society
thai-uk business council
fcdo
10 downing street
department for business and trade
ministry of defence



social media

twitter
instagram
youtube



© first strategic insight ltd 1984-2025. all rights reserved. site designed by jmd.






































