








volcano live | dr john seach

volcano live | dr john seach



 



volcano live
volcanolive.com



home
volcano 
photos
news
travel
about
contact




volcano live | dr john seach


volcano news, adventure travel, photography,
            film and television production.
40 years of volcano adventures.
25 years on the internet 2000-2025
the world's first volcano news and volcano travel website.

volcano live is an educational website providing information on active volcanoes, produced by dr john seach. volcanoes are the most exciting and powerful natural event on earth, and provide dynamic and varied landforms. every day there are about 20 volcanoes erupting on the earth. dr seach monitors global volcanism and provides an educational resource to the international community.

            john seach at mt etna volcano. 

            stromboli volcano, italy 

            yellowstone volcano, usa 

            rabaul volcano, papua new guinea 

            reporoa volcano, new zealand 

            yasur volcano, vanuatu 

            sinabung volcano, sumatra, indonesia 
risks in visiting an active volcano
            safety cannot be guaranteed when visiting an active volcano. eruptions can happen at any time without warning. a decision to climb an erupting volcano should be based on a risk-benefit analysis. to see an eruption is one of the greatest sights in nature, but the challenge must be accepted with common sense and knowledge of the risks.  
volcanoes of the world
            there are more than 1500 active volcanoes in the world. these have
            erupted in the last 10,000 years, and have a reasonable chance of
            erupting in the future.
volcanoes of the world...
40 years of volcano adventures

john seach is a scientist and volcano
            adventurer. over the past 40 years
              john has travelled to the world's most exciting volcanoes, and
              witnessed eruptions during trips to more than 200 volcanoes.
                more about john...
see john's other websites: yasur.com | ambrym.com | lopevi.com | nyiragongo.com | tinakula.com | volcano.website


adventure tours
 john provides unique tours to the world's most active
            volcanoes.
              more info on tours...
quick links

breaking news
world volcanoes
adventure travel
film and television
photos
volcanology
live cams
contact

film and television
 john provides the world's leading volcano television
            production service.
john provides high-quality professional services to the film and
            television industry, and explores, photographs, and films the
            world’s most exciting volcanoes.
more info...
follow
                  @johnseach




© 2000-2025 john seach. volcanolive.com
          all rights reserved.




