



rainbow meadow farms pasture pure meats- all natural dorper lamb, pork & chicken



















a family farming 
                tradition since 1746


















"rainbow meadow 
                farms pasture pure premium meats...
                for a taste as pure and natural as the land that it was raised 
                on."


 














 



whiskey pig craft butchery and deli
      










comments
      from
      restaurants
      & customers 
      


we always welcome 
      restaurant inquiries.



please visit our wholesale pricing page for 
      additional info.




 






thank 
				you for visiting the online outlet for rainbow meadow farms 
				pasture pure premium meats. the garner family strives to provide 
				you and your family with only pure, wholesome superior tasting 
				foods. 
				rainbow meadow farms livestock rotationally graze about 300 
				acres of native grasses and small grain pastures on land that 
				our family owns. the animals thrive on 
nutrient-rich, 
				chemical-free pastures, enriched by the organic compost from the 
				barns that we brood our baby chicks, farrow our baby pigs and 
				lambs in. each species in turn serves to better utilize the 
				complete salad bar offering in the pastures, while enhancing the 
				quality of and fertilizing those pastures. this rotational 
				system is essential in producing quality meat products that are 
				nutritionally dense, delicious in taste and contain many health 
				benefits. the natural linoleic acid rich diet that our animals 
				receive has been shown through numerous studies to promote heart 
				health. 
		we have sought out and incorporated livestock breeds based upon their 
		hardiness and ability to thrive on pasture as well as superior taste and 
		tenderness. 


 









      we offer:
					




						berkshire pork



						contentnea red and cornish chicken



						dorper lamb



						devon/angus beef



						rabbit



						turkey


value 
						added products: sausages, bacon, pastrami, etc.



						free-range brown eggs





we 
		know you will enjoy rainbow meadow farms pasture pure premium meats. but 
		don't take our word,  read what our customers 
		have to say.

		you may place your order via phone or online and schedule a pickup 
		either at the farm or at one of the markets that we attend. you may 
		purchase any amount of our frozen packaged meat products that you wish. 
		you purchase may be as small as one pound of sausage or a whole lamb, 
		hog or beef, processed to your specifications. also, you may order 
		online at any time but our schedule shipping day is on monday. please 
		try to get your orders submitted by sunday evening for shipment on the 
		following monday. if you prefer to order without entering your charge 
		information on-line, you may call us at (252) 747-5000. all our beef 
		purchase options are listed on the upper left sidebar under 
		
"start 
		shopping here". 

  
        
      
 


         
      

 

       









 



homepage  
			/ about our 
			animals /  
where to buy  
			/  start 
			shopping here

wholesale customers  / 
			


community supported 
			agriculture / 
testimonialsabout 
			us  /  
contact



			252-747-5000
			e-mail:  
whiskeypig123@gmail.com




design by dawn inc




