











king of construction


















 






king of construction




search for:



 







menu
skip to content
installing a drywall ceiling
blog
contact us
 








installing a drywall ceiling


installing drywall on the ceiling is a very simple process, but may prove to be somewhat difficult if you work alone. arguably, anyone can perform this task on their own to make a few adjustments. here are some steps that will help in the process while you learn how to install drywall on the ceiling.
inspected the place and looking obstructions such as electrical cables, ducts or pipes protruding. install furring strips in the frame to get a flat, even surface for the drywall around these obstacles.
brand beams wall to indicate the location of the ceiling joists as a reference during the installation process. you also want to mark the locations of light fixtures and electrical boxes.
build a t – shaped bracket if necessary. this will provide lift and support needed to raise the drywall to the ceiling when you’re working alone. use a piece of 60 cm (2 ft) 2.5 cm x 10 cm (1 inch x 4 inches) and stick it to a 5 cm x 10 cm (2 inches x 4 inches) that is sufficiently large to have 30.5 cm (1 ft) more than the length that exists from the floor to the ceiling.
hold the wallboard, starting with the corner, where you can use a full sheet. eleva the first sheet to the ceiling so you can get an idea of placing along the beams.
wait until you know where you are going to place each sheet before applying glue beams. the drywall adhesive dries in 15 minutes, so you’ll want to be ready.
with the t – shaped bracket, or with the help of a friend, raises the first sheet of plaster ceiling and slide firmly into the corner. make sure the blade edges tuned are facing the floor.
follow along the first wall, always making sure the edges are tuned to support each other and are oriented downward. the refined edges are designed to facilitate the process of taping and plastering.
permanently fixed the drywall in the ceiling joists using screws or nails. the heads of the fasteners you choose should contact the paper coating, penetrating slightly without breaking the paper.
screw fasteners to 0.95 cm (3/8 inch) away from the edges of each sheet, and spread them to 17,5 cm (7 inches) from each other along the perimeter. install fasteners in increments of about 30 5 cm (12 inches) along the inner beam.
start the second row with a half sheet of drywall to stagger the joints. this will reinforce stability.
measure and mark the line to cut into the vertical midpoint of the sheet of drywall. use a right to help guide your knife when cutting edge. tilt the panel on the floor or on a table at a slight angle, then press it down to break it in two. use the knife to cut through the paper backing.
cut the length of the wallboard marking the first with a chalk line. first mark the line with the knife; then in the second run, cuts deeper.
panels installed on the vents or lighting fixtures, do it lightly at first. use a rotary drill to cut an edge of the accessory or ventilation, and then set all edges.
it ends with the installation of the entire roof before heading to the walls.
tips

keep the sheets of drywall on the floor until you are ready to use them. this will prevent bending.
the wallboard comes in a variety of thicknesses. the recommended thickness is 1.5 cm (5/8 inch) to be installed on the ceiling.





 






our pagesinstalling a drywall ceiling
blog
contact us
 

our tosdisclaimer
privacy policy
terms of use
 

 our blog 

home building credit


construction of cultural objects


calculate house building costs


 




proudly powered by wordpress
					|
					theme rcg forest









