







car hire in ireland | budget car rental ireland
















































toggle navigation menu
                


budget car rental








manage booking


manage booking


get a quote


promotions





rental deals


irish offers


united kingdom offers


united states of america





cars


car guide


satellite navigation


automatic / manual


ex-rental car sales


electric cars





vans


van hire


van hire cork airport


van hire dublin airport


van hire dublin city - kilmainham


van hire dublin city - drumcondra


van hire galway city


van hire shannon


van hire knock airport


van hire killarney


van hire kerry airport


van hire roscommon





hire locations


irish locations


car rental returns


map of locations


worldwide hire





contact


contact us


careers


travel partners


customer survey





newsletter signup
frequently asked questions
about us













budget car rental ireland - book today







































follow the flock to ireland
planning your 2025 irish road trip?
create unforgettable memories
visiting family and friends with
the freedom of a rental car.
 
save 5% on car hire












budget car hire in the uk
need car hire in the uk? we are currently offering great value car rental at airports and cities throughout england, scotland, wales and northern ireland
learn more ›









newsletter signup

we'll mail you the latest car rental offers.
    view our privacy policy




join











need a van?
whether you are moving home,
need to do a diy supplies run
or simply need more space for
some recreational fun...
budget have the perfect
rental van for you.
learn more ›

























win a €200 amazon gift card

get what you really want this christmas


enter our new competition for your chance to treat yourself or someone special with a €200 amazon gift card. use your gift card to get what you really want this christmas be it books, toys, games, music or more, the choice is yours with an amazon gift card


click here




















tourist information

visiting ireland?


check out these helpful resources, they will help you kickstart your holiday planning.


learn more








 













cheap car rental in ireland
budget car rental ireland is a brand everybody associates with great value irish car hire. our aim is to provide low cost car hire combined with the friendliest and most efficient service in ireland. 

use the form above to get your instant car rental quotation. price will include all compulsory insurances, unlimited mileage, 24hr breakdown cover and a free budget rent a car map of ireland. 



nationwide locations
with rental locations including dublin, shannon, cork, knock, kerry and belfast airports we cover all of the republic of ireland and northern ireland. we also operate downtown car rental locations conveniently located in the city/town centre. 





need extra equipment for your rental?
no problem ..when completing the booking process we give you the opportunity to pre-book child seats and gps systems. no more getting lost in the irish countryside!















terms and conditions


privacy policy


site map


helpful information


cookies settings




















© 2025 budget car rental ireland













