











 lakeland rv campground | encore rv park in milton, wisconsin


















 




 







menu


our resort
amenities
vacation cottages
attractions
 




book now
(877) 570-2267






photo gallery







 





rv campground located in the heart of wisconsin’s southern gateway
number of sites: 682   open 04/15 – 10/15   call: (877) 570-2267
lakeland rv campground is a premier wisconsin camping destination, located 90 miles north of chicago on over 200 acres of southern wisconsin’s prime vacation land. with a mile of lake frontage on beautiful lake koshkonong, wisconsin’s second largest lake, lakeland has something for everyone. click on over to our events page to explore our theme weekends and events. popular dates are filling up fast!
a relaxing day boating on an expansive 10,000 acre lake; a late-night campfire enjoyed with family and friends; a warm afternoon spent lounging by the pool, a spirited game of horseshoes, tennis or shuffleboard, a long walk on our nature trails or a blissful day of fishing, are just some of the ways you can enjoy lakeland rv campground.
we invite you to stay a day, a week, a month or the whole season! book your rv site, tent site or cabin today!

map & directions
general policies and information





photo gallery





rv-micro-swoosh




packed with amenities
whether you’re planning a retreat for the whole family, a group of friends or a getaway for two, there’s no shortage of unique activities to explore. looking for more? our friendly staff can fill you in on all the ways to make your stay a memorable experience.
basketballboat rampfishinghorseshoeslaundry facilitiesnature/hiking trailspet friendlyplaygroundrestroom/shower facilitiesshuffleboardstoreswimming pooltennis courtvolleyball








vacation cottage rentals
enjoy a getaway retreat in one of our beautiful and spacious vacation cottages. each of our cottages has a private deck with a table and chairs, full kitchen with coffee maker, pots, pans, dishes and a microwave, flat-screen tv, sleeper sofa, linens & paper products.




deluxe super loft pets okpremier cottage (sleeps 8/pet friendly*)our premier cottages include a queen bed in the master bedroom, a set of single bunks in the second, and a sofa sleeper, sleeps 1 -2 people,  in the living room. these rentals are amish built with rustic wood on the inside and a deck on the outside.

*two pet friendly cottages are available in these rentals. all others are non-pet rentals. 

cottage rentals include linens, electricity, water, heat, and air conditioning along with the following:

take a virtual tourpremier cottage pets oksuper loft cabin (sleeps 6-8/pet friendly*)our super loft cabins include a queen bed in the master bedroom, a queen bed in the loft bedroom, and a sofa sleeper, sleeps 1 -2 people, in the living room. there is a  loft area for sleeping or playing. a second air conditioner is provided in the loft to keep you comfortable on warm nights. the fully equipped kitchen includes a full size stove and refrigerator. the full bath has a bathtub with shower. 

*we have one pet friendly cabin available in these rentals. all others are non-pet rentals. 

all cabin rentals include linens, electricity, water, heat, and air conditioning along with the following:take a virtual toursuper loft cabin - deluxe (sleeps 8-10/pet friendly*)our deluxe super loft cabins include a queen bed in the master bedroom, a queen bed in the loft bedroom, a sofa sleeper in the living room, and an additional bedroom area with a queen bed and futon sleeper. a second air conditioner is provided in the loft to keep you comfortable on warm nights. the fully equipped kitchen includes a full size stove and refrigerator. the full bath has a bathtub with shower.

*we have one pet friendly cabin available for these rentals. all others are non-pet rentals. 

all cabin rentals include linens, electricity, water, heat, and air conditioning along with the following:take a virtual toursuper loft cabin pets ok








check out some of the local attractions and fabulous tourist stops in the area!

sip on unique and award-winning fine wines at timber hill winery, located only 5 miles down the road! with over 20 vintages to choose from, you’ll enjoy every minute of this relaxing experience.
take a tour of the last certified underground railroad station in wisconsin! the milton house museum, conveniently located less than 5 miles from lakeland campground, is rich in history and milton heritage.
get your fill of thrills at the mrm raceway, walking distance from lakeland! tackle both go-kart tracks if you dare!
enjoy waterfront dining, boat rentals, and live music at anchor inn! with wonderful entertainment and delectable treats, you’ll see why this is a top attraction at lake koshkonong!





download resort map




 







sign up for news & deals 

















thank you

×



thank you for signing up for news and deals from lakeland!


close




 









2803 e. state road 59, milton, wi 53563
call (877) 570-2267

map & directions

book now
©2025 lakeland general policies and information privacy policy





book now





lakeland rv campground privacy policy

×



privacy policyliability disclaimer
the information, software, products, and services published on this website may include
inaccuracies or typographical errors. we update and/or change the information provided on
www.rvonthego.com site and our campusa app from time to time. equity lifestyle properties,
inc. ("els") and/or its affiliates and suppliers make no representations about the
suitability of the information, products, software and services contained on this website.
information contained on this website is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. els
and/or its respective affiliates and suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties with regard
to this information, software, products, and services, including all implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. in no event
shall els and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental,
special or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of
this website or with any delay in using or inability to use this website, or for any
information, software, products, or services obtained through this web site, or otherwise
arising out of the use of this website, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability
or otherwise, even if els or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of
such damages. because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation
of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply
to you. reservations based on inaccurate information are subject to cancellation at our
discretion.
equity lifestyle properties, inc. (hereinafter the "company" or "we", "us" or "our") is
committed to safeguarding your privacy online. please read the following policy to
understand how your personal information will be treated as you access our various web
sites, e-mails, social media or mobile applications (hereinafter "our sites"). this policy
may change from time to time so please check back periodically.
digital millennium copyright act (“dmca”) notice
if you believe any material available via this website infringes a copyright you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our designated agent as set forth below.
equity lifestyle properties, inc.
two north riverside plaza, suite 800
chicago, il 60606
attention: dmca designated agent
webmaster@equitylifestyle.com
please see 17 u.s.c. §512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper notification. you should note that if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys' fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.
if a notice of copyright infringement has been filed against material posted by you on the website, you may make a counter-notification with our designated agent listed above, provided that such counter-notification complies with the requirements of 17 u.s.c. §512(g)(3). if we receive a valid counter-notification, it may reinstate the removed or disabled material in accordance with the dmca.
this policy will let you know:

1.
what personally identifiable information is collected from you;

2.
what cookies are and how they are used;

3.
who is collecting your information?

4.
how your information is used;

5.
with whom your information may be shared;

6.
what choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of
your information;

7.
how we protect children's privacy;

8.
our policy for the use of images;

9.
what you should know before uploading your own content.




 

1. what personally identifiable information is collected from you?

we collect information about you and from you in various different ways when you
interact with our sites. as one example, some personal information is collected when
you register on our sites, at which time we may ask you for your name, postal address,
email address, telephone number, and other information that we find helpful in order to
provide our customers with the very best service we can.
in addition to registration we may ask you for personal information at other times,
including (but not limited to) when you make a reservation or take advantage of the
other features of the site. for example, if you pay for a reservation with a credit
card, we would collect the account number in order to process the payment. if you
contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.



 

2. what cookies are and how they are used?

as part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, our sites may
use†cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. a cookie is a small
amount of data that is sent to your browser from a server and stored on your computer's
hard drive. several features of our sites require that you accept cookies in order to
work properly. we often use cookies to store visitors' preferences and record session
information.
we use cookies in order to optimize our marketing efforts as well as those of other
third parties, with regard to advertising. these cookies are shared with third parties
such as advertising and social media networks, or other companies, in order for these
entities to be able to yield more efficient use of available advertising inventory.
for these purposes, the cookies are usually placed by the advertising networks and
other media properties we work with. this functionality enables these entities to
remember that you have visited our sites, and this information is then shared with
third parties such as advertisers and data processing and targeting companies.
cookies are also placed by other third parties, such as companies that track, measure
and analyze various aspects of our web site activity in order to help us customize and
improve the web site experience for visitors to our sites, and to provide other third
parties with information about visitors to our sites to help optimize their marketing
efforts.
you have choices with respect to cookies. by modifying your browser preferences, you
have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to
reject all cookies. if you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use
those services of our sites that require registration in order to participate. these
services include auto-fill in of the logon form, the ability to book reservations,
and potentially other features of our sites. however, you can still use other
features of our sites even if you do not accept cookies. our sites may also collect†ip
addresses†which can be used to correlate a cookie with your specific computer or device.
please also note that you can opt out of our advertising service provider(s) and other
companies' tracking cookies by visiting the digital advertising alliance located at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the network
advertising initiative located at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.



 

3. who is collecting your information?

when you are asked for personal information on our sites, you are sharing that
information with equity lifestyle properties, inc. and its affiliates, unless it
is specifically stated otherwise.
we also work with third-party companies that use their tracking technologies
(including cookies and pixel tags) on our websites in order to provide tailored
advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the internet.
these companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and your
interaction with our advertising and other communications and use this information
to determine which ads you see on third-party websites and applications. for more
information about this practice and to understand your options including how to opt
out of receiving these tailored advertisements, please visit the network advertising
initiative’s (nai’s) consumer opt-out page, currently located at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.



 

4. how your information is used?

the primary goal of our sites in collecting personal information is to provide you,
the user, with a customized and optimized experience and to assist you in communications
and completing transactions with us.
from time to time, we may allow third party advertising networks to collect and use your
information to show you targeted ads (including our ads) on our sites or on other sites
. this typically involves the ad network collecting and tracking certain technical
information (such as your ip address) and web site usage information (such as your
browsing history) on our sites and across many other sites on the web. however, this
does not involve the collection, use, or sharing of your personal contact information,
such as your name or email address. you can opt-out from this type of third party
tracking at any time by going to:

http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp

with respect to security, when we receive certain types of sensitive information such
as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. we have reasonable
security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of
information that we have collected from you on our site.



 

5. with whom your information may be shared?

as a general rule, we will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information
except as set forth below.
we may share information about you within the equity lifestyle properties, inc. family
of companies in order to better serve you and to offer you worthwhile products and
services. we are permitted by law to share with our affiliates identification
information, such as your name and address, and facts about your transactions and
experiences with us (such as your payment history and other transactions on your
accounts with us). unless you otherwise request, we may also share all of the other
information we collect with our affiliates. you may request that we not share this
other information with our affiliates by following the procedure explained in "what
choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of your
information?" below. we will implement your request within a reasonable time after we
receive it.
we may share your information (including personal contact information about you) as set
forth below.

with agents and contractors who help us run our sites or perform other services on
our behalf (e.g., e-mail delivery, mailing list management, analysis, optimization
services, etc.). these companies are only allowed to access and use your information
for the specific task they've been hired to do and are required to keep your
information confidential and secure.
for legal-related purposes (if necessary), including disclosures in connection with
a lawsuit or legal investigation, court order, governmental inquiry, enforcement of
legal rights (e.g., contract terms, intellectual property rights, etc.), fraud
investigation, safety issue, or other similar matter.

we are permitted by law to share all the information we collect, as described above:
(1) with companies that perform marketing services on our behalf, and (2) with other
nonaffiliated third parties such as third parties that assist us with processing or
collecting payments on your account. please be advised that the preferences you express
as described below will not apply to the sharing of information with these third
parties.
unless you request otherwise, we may share all the information we collect, as described
above, with additional types of nonaffiliated third parties, such as firms that offer
products and services of interest to our customers. in connection therewith:
(a) if you supply us with your e-mail address, you may receive periodic e-mails from us
regarding products or services or upcoming events we think you might find interesting.
in addition, from time to time, we make our e-mail list available to other reputable
organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting.
(b) if you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from
us with information regarding products or services or upcoming events we think you
might find interesting. in addition, from time to time, we make our customer mailing
list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think
you might find interesting.
(c) if you supply us with your telephone number, you may receive telephone contact from
us with information on new products or services or upcoming events we think you might
find interesting.
if you do not wish to receive such emails, mailings or telephone calls, you may request
that we not share nonpublic personal information about you with nonaffiliated third
parties by following the procedure explained in "what choices are available to you
regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information" below. we will
implement your request within a reasonable time after we receive it.
we may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to
believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring
legal action against someone who may be violating the terms and conditions or access
agreement of our sites or may be causing injury to or interference with (either
intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, users of our sites, or
anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. we may disclose or access
account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for
administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and
improve our products and services.



 

6. what choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of
your information?

if you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most
of our sites, but you will not be able to access areas or use features that require
registration.
you may also tell us your preferences by:

sending an email to 
opt-out@equitylifestyle.com
.
calling us toll free at 877-570-2267.
writing us at equity lifestyle properties, inc., two north riverside plaza, suite
800, chicago, il 60606, attn: privacy

when you contact us, please be prepared to provide the following information
for each individual:

first name, middle initial and last name
address, city, state and zip code
telephone number (if applicable)
e-mail address (if applicable)




 

7. how we protect children's privacy

our sites are general audience sites. children should always ask a parent for
permission before sending personal information to anyone online. we do not
intentionally collect or share personal information about users under the age of
13. in addition, we will not send any direct email offers to users who indicate they
are under the age of 13.



 

8. our policy for the use of images

all images and/or pictures of properties featured on our sites are our property, and
any unauthorized reproduction, appropriation, or distribution of the aforementioned
images and/or pictures is prohibited.



 

9. what you should know before uploading your own content

if you upload your own content to our sites or via social media, such as comments,
reviews, photos, or videos of your stay at one of our properties, you should note
that this content will be accessible by the public at large, and not just by us.
therefore, you should never upload any content that you do not want others to have
access to. it is also important that you only upload content that is not identifiable
to you personally, such as your email or postal addresses, phone number, names of your
children, etc. you should not upload photos of videos that include people that you do
not know and/or have their permission to use.

eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) notice

rvonthego.com does not envisage the offering of its products and services to individuals located in the european union.
les produits et services offerts sur rvonthego.com ne s'adressent pas aux particuliers situés dans l'union européenne.
rvonthego.com no planea ofrecer sus productos y servicios a individuos que viven en la unión europea.
 







lakeland rv campground general policies and information

×



general policies & information
policies subject to change without notice.
check-in/check-out & hours

check-in: 3 p.m.
check-out: 11 a.m.
closed on tuesdays.
minimum check-in age is
21
years.
guests aged
17 
years and under at the time of check-in are considered children.
pool is open from memorial day weekend until september 11 of the current year.
two-hour early check-in for your reservation may be available for $30. please contact the management office, in advance of your arrival, to inquire about availability.
two-hour late check-out for your reservation may be available for $30. please contact the management office, in advance of your arrival, to inquire about availability.

pet policy

pets are welcome.
rental pet policy: pets are welcome. for those who camp with pets, there is a pet fee of $10 per pet per night for our pet-friendly rental units. the fee may vary at select properties. service animals are not pets. the company complies with the americans with disabilities act (ada) and state/local laws regarding service animals. service animals may accompany a disabled person without any proof of disability or certification for the service animal. guests traveling with a service animal will not be charged a pet fee. charges may be incurred, however, should a service animal damage the rental unit.

reservation & payment policies

your credit card will be charged itinerary total prior to arrival, up to a maximum deposit of one night rack rate. any remaining balance will be due on arrival.
prices and site type are subject to availability.
the rates displayed do not include any applicable service fees or charges for optional incidentals.
by using a credit card for a deposit, guarantee or payment, you agree to the following: if i used a credit card for a deposit, guarantee or payment, i authorize mhc property management l.p. to charge any expenses incurred during my stay to that credit card or apply funds you have on deposit with mhc property management l.p. against what i owe.
rv sites and lodging typically accommodate four guests. a guest fee is added per day to the reservation rate for each additional guest over four.

cancellation policies

in the case of multiple sites booked, cancellation penalties apply to each site that is cancelled or changed.
no refunds will be issued for early check-out.

rv campsites: we allow full refunds for cancellations up to 2 days prior to your arrival date for daily and weekly reservations.


rental accommodations: we allow full refunds for cancellations 7 days prior to your arrival date for daily and weekly reservations.

daily and weekly reservations: for cancellations received less than the required notice period prior to arrival, your deposit will be forfeited up to one night rack rate.
extended stays: for long-term reservations (28 days or longer), we allow full refunds for cancellations up to 60 days prior to your arrival date. for cancellations received less than the required notice period prior to arrival, the deposit amount will be held on account for a future stay.

campground services & information

although we do our best to honor all site requests, we do not guarantee specific site number requests.
displayed rates and package prices are subject to change. site assignments cannot be guaranteed.
(all weekends/activities are subject to change, check our website for current updates)

rental information and policies

check-in: 3 p.m.
check-out: 11 a.m.
early check-ins are subject to availability, please call ahead to confirm your site is available.
late check outs will be charged $10 for every 30 minutes unless pre-approved by management. please confirm your arrival and departure dates at check-in, you are responsible for all nights reserved.

late arrivals: for our guests arriving after office hours, please call ahead with an estimated time of arrival and to confirm your reservation.
upon arrival, your gate card, receipt and a map to your site will be in the late arrival box. please come in to the office the next morning and register.
pet friendly cabins charge $10 per pet, maximum of 2 unless approved by management.

our goal is to provide you, our guest, the highest quality recreation experience rock county has to offer. please let us know immediately of any concerns regarding your site or our facilities and service. you are responsible for all nights reserved. if you are unable to complete your stay, for any reason, no refunds will be given.
*camping is an outdoor experience, therefore we do not give refunds due to the discomforts of weather or nature. please enjoy your stay.
 
  










×




our resort
amenities
vacation cottages
attractions
 





