







naturalmotion – we make games that wow











 









skip to content
























home
story
games

star wars: hunters™
csr racing 2


studios

london
brighton


careers

vacancies
university
culture
future game makers


blog
support






















#lifeatnaturalmotion
















navigation





we make games that wow people

                take your career to the next level            








 







our story
founded in 2001, we released our first title backbreaker football for the iphone in 2009, a series of further titles followed such as nfl rivals, my horse, and the number one grossing & award-winning game, csr racing in 2012.
naturalmotion is proud to be a zynga studio. zynga is a global leader in interactive entertainment with a mission to connect the world through games and a wholly-owned subsidiary of take-two interactive software, inc.
with massive global reach in more than 175 countries and regions, zynga has a diverse portfolio of popular game franchises that have been downloaded more than four billion times on mobile including csr racing™, empires & puzzles™, farmville™, golf rival™, hair challenge™, harry potter: puzzles & spells™, high heels!™, merge dragons!™, merge magic!™, toon blast™, toy blast™, words with friends™ and zynga poker™.





 





our games
our goal is to wow people with creativity and technology. we like making stuff that seems impossible. the thrill of achieving this together in a team – and seeing the result played by millions is what makes us tick. our hit games include csr racing and our first star wars game for mobile and nintendo switch, star wars: hunters™.

view our games




 





access all areas
access all areas is a web-based virtual studio launched by naturalmotion in december 2022.  it’s designed to help parents, children and educators learn how games are made.
access all areas allows users to take a virtual tour “behind the scenes” of a game development studio. learn how games are created and what skills are required. featuring a 360-degree interactive virtual environment, career resources, educational tools and community support. explore careers in the games industry and experience the diverse talent that creates amazing games.
zynga funded access all areas with its social impact fund. the company created the fund in 2020 to invest in charitable and educational endeavours, promoting diversity and inclusion.

visit access all areas




 







our top jobs

see all our vacancies










we innovate to create immersive, blockbuster experiences that delight our players.





 






















story
games
careers
applicant privacy notice (outside the u.s.)
applicant privacy notice (u.s.)
support
 



terms & conditions
privacy policy
accessibility
modern slavery act
security
uk binary gender pay gap report 2022/23
 




back to top


cookie settings




© 2025 naturalmotion. all rights reserved.




©2025 star wars hunters.
star wars hunters © & ™ 2025 lucasfilm ltd.
all rights reserved. ©2025naturalmotion games ltd. nintendo switch is a trademark of nintendo.







accessibility
blog
brighton studio
csr legal
games
get in touch
homepage
internships
london studio
our culture
security
story
university
vacancies












