




 




laser projection for assembly guidance & quality inspection - aligned vision




















































































menu



skip to navigation
skip to content





find out why we are the lowest cost vendor















 +1-978-244-1166



 sales@aligned-vision.com



















home
about

who we are
partners
lowest cost vendor


products

laserguide
laservision-ai
buildguide
kitguide
system components
align 4.0
verisurf


solutions

laser templating
automatic inspection
electronic process control
as-built digital twin
dynamic registration suite


applications

aerospace
automotive
wind energy
additive manufacturing
welding operations
other applications


resources

news & info
blog
product literature
publications
video gallery


contact us
 











laser projection, assembly guidance & automatic inspection systems


about aligned vision
we pioneer smart, automated solutions that accelerate quality manufacturing toward industry 4.0, including integration-ready laser templating, automatic inspection, mobile process control and the as-built digital twin.
what’s new
enhancing production with ai
catastrophic failures averted









watch our videos










book a demo










read our blog
















solutions




laser projection

			leverage the power of your digital designs onto the manufacturing floor. laserguide imports the bill of materials and bill of process and delivers accurate 3d projections for the fastest builds.
		





automatic inspection

			laservision-ai inspections catch what humans miss. ensure that your builds match your designs, enabling the lowest cost for any corrections or rework needed.
		





mobile process control

			with buildguide process control suite, your engineers generate a bill of process and electronic recipe that your operators follow with unparalleled efficiency and accuracy.
		





as-built digital twin

			automatically aggregate and contextualize manufacturing data. our technologies generate vital, as-built data that is fed back to design and engineering.
		












products



laserguide





microlaserguide





laservision-ai





align 4.0





sdk





buildguide





kitguide





targets













our clients include










why choose us 






lowest cost laser system


the value of your laser projection system comes down to two things: how much do you have to spend on the system? and how much does the system save you in operating costs? laserguide provides the best value on both accounts. learn more.






customer service & support


our many customers who switched from another vendor to aligned vision consistently tell us that our customer service and support is a primary factor. learn more.




who we are we pioneer smart, automated solutions that accelerate quality manufacturing toward industry 4.0, including integration-ready laser templating, automatic inspection, mobile process control and the as-built digital twin.













testimonialsunited technologiesthe laser ply projection system reduced the layup production time by 80% over conventional methods.steve sucicunited technologieselectroimpactlaservision helps our afp machine cells to virtually eliminate pre-inspection calibration and setup time, and to minimize actual inspection times while enhancing inspection accuracy and documentation.todd rudbergelectroimpactgeneral dynamicswe have achieved 85% savings with laserguide.danielle fernholzgeneral dynamicsnasa goddardwhen integrating a new technology into a process, it is sometimes hard to justify the startup cost…but in this instance, with the outstanding customer support and responsiveness of the [aligned vision] team, we were able to be up and confidently running within a day…russell rowlesnasa goddard








we look forward to working with you


your name(required)email address(required)

phone numberhow can we help?would you like to receive future emails?(required)


yes



no
namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ










© 2025 aligned vision | sitemap | privacy policy







homeabout

who we arepartnerslowest cost vendor back
products

laserguidelaservision-aibuildguidekitguidesystem componentsalign 4.0verisurf back
solutions

laser templatingautomatic inspectionelectronic process controlas-built digital twindynamic registration suite back
applications

aerospaceautomotivewind energyadditive manufacturingwelding operationsother applications back
resources

news & infoblogproduct literaturepublicationsvideo gallery back
contact us

				× close panel			

































































 
