 


trinity episcopal church





 











































 
celebrating 175 years in matawan
 

trinity mission statement
the mission of trinity episcopal church matawan is to live the faith of jesus christ in a community of worship by loving one another, embracing all, and celebrating our diversity, to nurture and strengthen our spiritual lives through christian education, charity, and evangelism, and to be a visible presence in serving jesus christ through active worship and ministries. 
trinity vision 
at trinity, we strive to be an open, warm, and accepting family who enthusiastically work and pray together. we seek to grow closer to christ by loving god and loving our neighbor. 
a prayer for trinity
almighty and ever living god, ruler of all things in heaven and earth, her our prayers for this parish family.  strengthen the faithful, arouse the careless, and restore and penitent. grant us all things necessary for our common life, and bring us all to be of one heart and mind within your holy church; through jesus christ our lord.  
our clergy
thank you mother ann for your pastoral care for the past 5 years.  best wishes at all saints! 
 
deacon magdalena aders

 
contact trinity
office hours: tuesday -thursday 9am to 3pm
church office phone: 732-591-9210
office email: trinitychurchmatawan@gmail.com
trinity facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/trinitychurchmatawan/
this page will be under construction.  for information about trinity please go to our facebook page. 
 




create a web page at citymax.com












home page










priest-in-charge










visitor's guide










contact us










trinity ministries










christian education










trinity outreach










trinity history










columbarium










diocese of nj










newsletter










associate clergy










calendar










worship opportunities










stewardship










fundraising










trinity tidings










daughters of the king










upcoming events










around the church!










around the church 2























