







the california mortgage association | education, advocacy and resources for private money lenders


























































join
member center
member directory

all members
find a lender
find a vendor


contact
log in
 


















events

event calendar
2025 spring conference


education

phillip adleson award


news & articles

industry news
articles
legislative updates
points of interest
helpful links


advocacy

pac


about cma

board of directors
committees


membership
our sponsors
 






select page



  




















networkingconnecting you withindustry professionalsand peers








advocacysupporting you withlegal and legislativeefforts








resourcesproviding you withvaluable tools andindustry news










committed to serving the private money lending community

our mission at cma is to educate, support and help private money lenders in california thrive in their business. our ongoing educational resources and advocacy efforts have made us the leading community for industry professionals. 

learn more












focused on your success








education
we provide ongoing knowledge-based programs to help private money lenders grow their business.








advocacy
we support our members in protecting and preserving their day-to-day activities and business operations.








resources
private money lenders come to us for a variety of resources to help them stay informed about industry news, updates, and trends.








networking
we provide opportunities for our members to connect and collaborate with other trusted industry professionals.









attend our events

cma hosts a variety of educational and networking events throughout the year. our events are packed with seminars and information providing members with the latest industry trends, best business practices, and legislative news and efforts.








cma spring conference
march 5-7, 2025
grand hyatt regency indian wells and spa
learn more














cma learning lab
cma’s webinar series ‘learning lab’ provides members with the opportunity to get in touch real-time with industry professionals to learn and collaborate on a variety of subjects related to the private lending industry.





learn more about our upcoming webinars and register today!






view upcoming events







keeping you informed
the latest industry news and information for california private money lenders














explore our newsletters







annual sponsors












platinum sponsor 






platinum sponsor 






platinum sponsor 






platinum sponsor 






gold sponsor 






gold sponsor 






gold sponsor 






gold sponsor 






gold sponsor 






gold sponsor 






gold sponsor 






silver sponsor 






silver sponsor 






silver sponsor 






silver sponsor 






silver sponsor 






silver sponsor 






silver sponsor 






silver sponsor 











see all sponsors












i started attending the california mortgage association when i transitioned from commercial real estate into the private lending world. and i think it’s one of the best things i ever did. the wealth of knowledge and the experience that people have here, it’s just incredible. you have people that have been in the business for 50 years. i mean, where else do you find that?”
peter steigleder
nai finance









“i joined the california mortgage association over 20 years ago because they provide the level of dependable education i can rely on.”  
jeff mayne
sonoma equity lending








“just coming here and meeting with all the various owners of mortgage companies, like myself, has really helped my business tremendously and i never go home without a tidbit of information to make me more efficient and more productive.”
rich wachter
wachter investments








“really appreciate cma and all that it does for its members, and we love being a part of it.”
todd schumer
verus mortgage capital












our members
cma represents individuals, sole proprietorships, corporations and partnerships involved with the origination, selling, or servicing of trust deed loans. members include those regulated by the department of real estate (dre) and by the department of financial protection and innovation (dfpi). additionally cma represents affiliate members who provide services to our regular members, including title, escrow and software services, among others.












bradley laddusaw, cpa s&l capital group president 






brock vandenberg talimar financial secretary 






lori randich bay laurel financial vice president 






stephen rexrode cushman rexrode capital corporation treasurer 






shafiq taymuree stonecrest immediate past president 






chris boulter val-chris investments, inc. board member 






robert b. austin crawford real estate services, inc. board member 






mark forbes  f.e. forbes company inc. board member 






david herzer herzer financial services, inc. board member 






elizabeth knight plm lender services, inc. board member 






joffrey long southwestern mortgage board member 






sandy macdougall mortgage vintage, inc. board member 






odell murry mai financial services, inc. board member 






michelle rodriguez wright, finlay & zak, llp board member 






richard selzer selzer home loans board member 






pam sosa standard mortgage financial services inc. board member 






dane valadao reprop financial board member 






richard wachter wachter investments, inc. board member 






michael belote, esq. california advocates, inc. legislative advocate 






t. robert finlay, esq. wright, finlay & zak, llp legal counsel 






k. bradley rogerson, esq.  hanson bridgett, llp securities counsel 













watch our informative videos to learn moreabout what cma offers you









































get on the list
subscribe to be the first to get the latest industry news and updates

register



 





 
 
 








california mortgage association2520 venture oaks way, suite 150sacramento, ca 95833

followfollowfollow



quick links

home

about

contact

join cma



utility pages

events

industry news

donate to pac

member directory

find a lender

find a vendor







privacy policy | © 2023 california mortgage association



 


 























