


eames drum company - home






 




 

home


product
      line

photo
      gallery

contact
      us

links


























                

                   
                  handcrafted in   the usa since 1950
























 

      
                  welcome to eamesdrumshells.com. this is the official site and 
                  launch pad of eames drum company, home of eames finecraft, 
                  finetone, naturaltone and mastertone north america birch 
                  handcrafted drum shells.

      
                  eames drum company was founded in 1950 when ralph g. eames 
                  purchased the drum making equipment that had been used since 
                  1890 by the george b. stone & son drum company. through 
                  skilled workmanship and the use of high quality materials, mr. 
                  eames became a master drum maker, thereby upholding the fine 
                  tradition of his predecessor.

      
                  today i am still crafting each drum shell by hand in this new 
                  england tradition. as a drummer i understand the need for 
                  variety of both sizes and types of construction to match 
                  today's styles and tastes in music. i offer more than 50 sizes 
                  in four different birch ply lines.

      
                  i believe that your shell selection will become a musical 
                  instrument of high quality and pride.

                                                           
                  drum maker

                                                                       
                   mark kohler
 
















 
                        special







 



 



pyramid updated!







   
 please email or call for current prices 










































 
      copyright 2004-2016 by eames drum company
      design by holysound 
      productions, llc






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



