




home page - the east-enders alumni association of bridgeport, connecticut




welcome to: the 
east-enders' alumni association 


home page
what's new?
the founders!
jim sullivan?
members list
how to join
remembrance
our teachers
memories list
old photos
reunions
mini-reunions
searching for..
music offer
our guestbook
more websites

"
    i just wanted to see how things turned out for an old friend of mine. "
                         
    actor tom berenger, from the 1983 film: "eddie & the
        cruisers"





who we are:
       this site is dedicated to locating and
                bringing together those "kids" from the east end
                &  east side
                sections of bridgeport,
                connecticut who were born during the decade of the 1940's and who
                had the good fortune to have lived in either of these two historic areas of
                the city during the
                1940's, 1950's, and 1960's --- a fondly remembered time period.
         the
association carries the name  "east end" because of how it was originally conceived by the founders. 
however, our membership includes both the  east end  &  east side sections of
the city. also, this
association and web site are not exclusively harding high
school oriented. we include east end and east side kids who attended other local high schools, such as 
bullard havens, notre dame, fairfield prep, lauralton hall, kolbe, st. josephs,
sts. cyril & methodius, and many other
bridgeport area high schools.



 latest site updates
                




       
    updates to this web site are no longer being made. this site will remain online for historical purposes only.  
  



 dedication
                to henry "hank" crouch 



       this web site is dedicated to the memory of our late member, 
            henry "hank" crouch (saint ambrose 1959, fairfield prep 1963), whose tireless 
            efforts in locating and reuniting old friends best exemplified the goals and objectives 
            of this alumni association. hank's passion for this effort contributed greatly 
            to the success of our organization.  hank's photos









 visitors to this
                site: 



 

 




contacting
                web master jim sullivan





       
            if you have questions or comments about the website, please contact
                web master jim sullivan at:
                
				eastenders.alumni.assoc@gmail.com 











disclaimer 


