



	pals breast forms, the best crossdresser breast forms



























 








×home my account pals breast forms narrow triangles wide triangles teardrops raindrops ultralight narrow triangles ultralight wide triangles ultralight teardrops ultralight pals raindropspals “real jiggle” breastplate accessoriesadhesive sizing about us contact us
☰ shop














welcome to the official pals breast forms store
the world's most advanced crossdresser breast forms, evolving since 1995.

   
pals breast formsthe best crossdresser breast forms
pals breast forms are the leading crossdressing breast form brand.
pals breast forms are the perfect way to achieve the look you desire.whether you're just starting out or you've been crossdressing for years,
pals breast forms come in a wide variety of styles with every size to suit your needs. all pals products are made from high-quality material that look and feel realistic.
pals are also backed by the longest guarantee on the market, so you can be confident that you're getting a product that will last.

crossdresser breast forms
what sets pals apart from other brands is the care and attention that goes into each and every form. made from 100% lifelike gel. 
pals understands that everyone's transition is unique, pals are fully customizable to ensure that each form is perfect for your body. that includes superior makeup blending ability. easily blend the makeup of choice to perfectly match any skin tone.
pals breast forms are tailor made for crossdressing the most realistic breast forms on the market, and while feeling like real breasts, whether you're just beginning your transition or you're well on your way, pals breast forms can help you achieve the look you desire.


what top crossdressers are saying.
when i first started crossdressing, i had no idea what kind of breast forms to buy. i spent hours online looking at different brands, but nothing seemed quite right.
then i came across pals breast forms. 
from the first moment i put them on, i knew they were perfect for me.
they look so natural and they feel great too. they come in a variety of sizes and shapes, so you can find the perfect form for your body type.  best of all, they're affordable. if you're looking for the perfect breast form, look no further than pals breast forms. you won't be disappointed!

best breast forms for crossdressers all shapes, sizes, and colors
for many crossdressers, one of the most challenging aspects of creating a female appearance is choosing the right breast forms. there are a variety of factors to consider, including cup size, shape, colors and firmness. however, perhaps the most important factor is finding forms that match your natural body proportions.
getting the perfect size is important to looking and feeling your best.
we also include sizing calculators to ensure you have the perfect style and size cup to achieve your best look. simply input your bra band and desired cup size and it will tell you the perfect forms you need.
if your forms are too large or too small, it can throw off your whole look. fortunately, there are a few simple guidelines that can help you choose forms that will flatter your figure.
first, take accurate measurements of your chest circumference and cup size.
second, try on a variety of styles and shapes to see what looks best on you.
and finally, don't be afraid to experiment - after all, part of the fun of crossdressing

the best crossdresser breast form store
we have so much in store for you here, at the pals crossdressing breast form store. shop til you drop and enjoy the endless shapes, sizes, and styles available to complete every look.
featured items include teardrops, raindrops, triangles, and breastplates. these options include super lightweight options like pals ultralight, and option to have nipple or no nipple.
other powerful featured accessories include hip pads, butt pads, even breast enhancers.
an intensely fan driven mindset + rdp (rapid development process) are just 2 key principles obsessively applied to create magical products…. over, and over...this review based framework enables us to focus our questions on what truly matters to you.
crossdressers continually shopping store after store to find the perfect forms can finally know that their long search is over.
you'll be amazed at all that we have in for you here at pals


pals breast forms vs silicone breast forms
pals 100% lifelike gel breast forms have many advantages over silicone breast forms. they are more realistic, as they are made of soft gel that closely mimics the feel of natural breast tissue. unlike silicone which is prone to skin irritation, wearing pals is extremely comfortable and loves your skin.
additionally, pals breast forms are far more durable, and will not lose their shape or deteriorate over time. pals will last you years and years. even though pals are superior, they're still less expensive than silicone forms, making them a great option for budget-conscious consumers.
even the best silicone breast forms will never even come close to the extreme value and marked quality of the pals brand. pals are superior in look and feel to even those options provided for post mastectomy, which is why even they opt for pals when they get the chance.
overall, pals 100% lifelike gel breast forms are the best option for those looking for a realistic and high-quality breast form.


crossdressers can anything with pals
with pals you comfortably move, dance and wear any clothes you like.
triangle are among the most popular options which work with the widest variety of bra times but another favorite is raindrops which are round and offer a highly realistic look. raindrops were formed from actual breasts and with a more round form you can easily achieve a high level
with the variety of options available, if you choose to wear a unique bra or low cut shirt/blouse, know that you can still show off your chest and show cleavage. pals also offer adhesive that can be easily applied and reapplied.

some crossdressers choose to go braless and use adhesive. unlike self adhesive breast forms which quickly wear out, with pals adhesive, breast forms will stick to your chest over and over long term without every needing a bra.


pals breast forms are the secret weapon
why are pals the ultimate crossdresser tool? because they are finally getting noticed on the outside for who they are on the inside…. everyone knows that power felt on the inside is responsible for what one has and experiences on the outside.
we are so excited and proud of the tens of thousands of crossdressers who purchase pals and instantly upgrade their style and attraction.
this is the breast form shop that will change everything for you and give you the best chest guaranteed.
the constant growth seen with supergel brands is bringing many new insiders into what many feel is a special hidden weapon that gives them an unfair advantage in their social lives and careers. purchase pals to instantly transform your life and body.


beloved by the transgender community
pals dedication to the transgender community is unmatched
founded in 1995, pals breast forms has become a favorite among the transgender community. pals provides the world's most realistic breast forms that are both lifelike and affordable.
transgender women now have access to the ultimate tool for confidence and beauty. with pals, you can instantly have the body you always wanted.
when we ask fans what changed everything for them, they tell us that pals are the singular thing that gave them confidence as a crossdresser.


world renowned customer support
pals customer support is unmatched. customers are like family. you can feel confident knowing that no matter what, you can always contact pals for any question, comment or idea.
the loving pals team is here to service and address your every need. we'll take account of your situation and advise you on bras, clothing tips, and everything needed to get the exact fit you need.
enjoy the breast form store with all the perks and accessories for every size. when shopping with pals, you'll enjoy an extremely long warranty, and a chest to be proud of. no matter which bras you prefer. as a pals customer you have all the tools you need to maximize your appearance and comfort in every situation.
with every purchase you are supporting the most advanced innovation to ever hit the transgender market. a tg womens goal is to pass with ease, and know they can discreetly achieve the ultimate in femininity.

simply contact us if you have anything you wish to know or share.
high level drag queen superstars such as rupaul, miz cracker, and cultural luminaries such as james st. james dominate their lives. why?..simple

a high level of confidence.
when able to unleash their true confidence, being propelled into high level places can begin to happen immediately. new influencers with over 250,000+ followers are finding a big reason to show off.
this means no matter how much they’ve come out of their shells, serious progress can be made. we ask all who are ready to join the many stars already onboard. the excitement is contagious.
pals are the answer to common questions
“what is the most realistic breast form to crossdress with”
“largest breast forms, best breast form for a drag queen”
“most realistic attachable breast form for mtf (male to female)”
“is there a huge breast form option which is still lightweight”
“best adhesive breast forms, and breast form adhesive”
“what brand can you trust has a real breast form warranty”

  
      
         






today's specials











pals "real jiggle" breastplate

price: $800.00







 











pals gel hip pads large

price: $159.00




 


		pals gel hip pads size large are a perfect accessory to your body imaging secrets. these babies slip right into your jeans or girdle or even body suits to add the perfect amount of curves. the dimensions are 11 1/2x 5 1/2x1 1/2. they come in solid flesh. 
	  








pals teardrops level 1

price: $99.00







		pals teardrops can be worn tear up or sideways for more versatile bra styles.
	  










pals teardrops level 2

price: $119.00







		teardrops level 2
	  








pals teardrops level 3

price: $139.00







		our most versatile style breast forms
	  








pals teardrops level 4

price: $169.00







		pals teardrops level 4
	  










pals triangles (narrow) level 1

price: $99.00










		pals triangles (narrow) level 1
	  








pals triangles (narrow) level 2

price: $110.00










		pals triangles (narrow) level 2
	  








pals triangles (narrow) level 3

price: $129.00










		pals triangles (narrow) level 3
	  










pals triangles (narrow) level 4

price: $140.00










		pals triangle breast forms (narrow) level 4
	  








pals triangles (narrow) level 5

price: $170.00







		pals triangles (narrow) level 5. these are the largest of our narrower triangles 3 inches thick!
	  








pals triangles (wide) level 1

price: $189.00







		first level of our wider triangle series fits 36-46 band sizes
	  










pals triangles (wide) level 2

price: $219.00







		level two of our wider series triangles fit 36-48 band sizes
	  








pals triangles (wide) level 3

price: $249.00







		wide triangle series for band sizes 38-50 weighs 4 lbs per pair!
	  








pals triangles (wide) level 4

price: $289.00










		our largest form we manufacture fit band sizes 40-52
	  










pals ultralight raindrop level 1

price: $169.00







		pals ultralight breast forms
	  








pals ultralight raindrop level 2

price: $199.00







		pals ultralight breast forms
	  








pals ultralight raindrop level 3

price: $229.00







		pals ultralight breast forms
	  










pals ultralight teardrops level 2

price: $209.00







		pals ultralight teardrop level 2
	  








pals ultralight teardrops level 3

price: $259.00







		pals ultralight teardrop level 3
	  








pals ultralight teardrops level 4

price: $319.00







		pals ultralight teardrop level 4
	  










pals ultralight triangles (narrow) level 1

price: $179.00







		pals triangles (narrow) level 1
	  








pals ultralight triangles (narrow) level 2

price: $199.00







		pals triangles (narrow) level 2
	  








pals ultralight triangles (narrow) level 3

price: $229.00







		pals triangles (narrow) level 3
	  










pals ultralight triangles (narrow) level 4

price: $259.00







		pals triangles (narrow) level 4
	  








pals ultralight triangles (narrow) level 5

price: $309.00







		pals triangles (narrow) level 5
	  








pals ultralight triangles (wide) level 1

price: $329.00







		pals ultralight triangle wide level 1
	  










pals ultralight triangles (wide) level 2

price: $359.00







		pals ultralight triangle wide level 2
	  








pals ultralight triangles (wide) level 3

price: $399.00







		pals ultralight triangle wide level 3
	  








pals ultralight triangles (wide) level 4

price: $439.00







		pals ultralight triangle wide level 4
	  













home          |         contact us          |          policies     



 © 2025 pals breast forms - the best crossdresser breast forms 











