







aaem homepage - aaem













aaem homepage - aaem





































 























          menu
          







events calendar
aaem cme online
aaem/rsa
aaem-pg
donate
myaaem
 

sign in







search


 



educationeventsrecommended events
about joint cme providership with aaem


online educationaaem cme online
collaborative education


scientific assemblyaaem25 scientific program
speaker development group
claim cme for aaem24


oral board review coursebecome an examiner


aaem qualifying exam review course
ed operations certificate course (edocc)
memc25
leadership academy
claim cme for past events


publicationsthe aaem action report
statements
key issues
common sensecommon sense submissions
common sense advertising


journal of emergency medicine
western journal of emergency medicinewestjem advertising


podcasts
news
insightsinsights advertising


aaem book store
toolkits
advertise with aaem


get involvedadvocacy
connect with peers (myaaem)
committees
chapter divisions
sections
interest groups


membershipjoin or renew
benefits
group membership
membership justification toolkit
refer a colleague to aaem
aaem merchandise


corporatization of medicineenvision lawsuit
press coverage
support lawsuit


about aaembylaws
leadershipaaem board of directors election
aaem past presidents


residency visits
awardsaward recipients


code of ethics
affiliatesaaem/rsa
aaem-pg
aaem foundation
aaem lead-em
aaem pac


certificate of workplace fairness
collaborating organizations
aaem staff


 





















the right to be you in your work. to be free from outside influence when making decisions that will affect your patients’ lives. to have an advocate in your corner. aaem exists to protect these rights. it’s your career.                                              own it!


















the right to be you in your work. to be free from outside influence when making decisions that will affect your patients’ lives. to have an advocate in your corner. aaem exists to protect these rights. it’s your career.                                          own it!








become a member


donate now



maintaining independence in the pursuit of 
excellence in emergency medicine



aaem board of directors election
the aaem board of directors election represents more than a mere choice; it’s a reflection of our mission and commitment to the advancement of excellence in our field. this is your opportunity to choose leaders who will champion innovation, advocate for our specialty, and represent the collective voice of aaem. 


			meet the candidates		

			cast your vote		
































aaem25: the ultimate gathering for em physicians
the 31st annual scientific assembly (aaem25) will take place on april 6-10, 2025 at the intercontinental miami. join us for powerful sessions, hands-on learning, and unforgettable networking. registration is now open!

			– learn more-		

			– register today-		














join/renew aaem group memberships in 2025
engage with peers and industry leaders through aaem’s sections, chapter divisions, committees, and interest groups. collaborate on meaningful projects that shape the future of emergency medicine.

			– get involved –		




start 2025 right: aaem membership
a new year of aaem membership has begun! make sure your aaem membership is still active, so you don’t miss out on the invaluable resources and support aaem offers in 2025. it’s time to own it and actively support aaem’s advocacy, networking, and growth this year.

			– join or renew –		















the consistency of emergency medicine

we are the conscience of emergency medicine. we advocate for the essential rights of emergency physicians. we passionately pursue the idea that how we practice medicine and care for our patients is not just inherent to who we are as individual doctors but also who we must be as a global community of physicians.


			how we advocate for you		







in the know





                the hidden curriculum in medical school: what they don’t teach you              

                february 14, 2025              







                doctors agree: finally, a medical drama that gets it right              

                february 13, 2025              







                the alliance of independent dentists announces national symposium in washington, d.c.              

                february 12, 2025              







                ama sign-on letter to congress on medicare payment cuts for physicians              

                february 10, 2025              







                effect of emergency department opioid prescribing on health outcomes              

                february 10, 2025              






			all articles		




upcoming events





                the future of ems: sports medicine – equestrian emergencies              

                february 18, 2025 6:00 pm – february 18, 2025 7:00 pm              

                  live webinar hosted by the emergency medical services section of aaem (emss-aaem). description: horse sports present a unique set of challenges for ems. this session is designed to introduce both english and western styles of competition and familiarize prehospital caregivers with strategies for successful operations. speaker: michele hollis, md faaem amssm and jacob miller, md caqsm […]                







                pathways to palliative care: career opportunities for em physicians              

                march 6, 2025 4:30 pm – march 6, 2025 5:30 pm              

                  description: are you interested in career opportunities in hospice or palliative care? hear from a panel of experienced physicians who are part of aaem’s palliative care committee, practicing in various roles in hospice or palliative medicine. this session, led by drs. putman, fleischer-black, gutierrez, ulrich, agresti, shapiro, diner, bowman, siegel, and gale, is your opportunity […]                







                dvaaem’s annual residents’ day              

                march 12, 2025 7:00 am – march 12, 2025 1:00 pm              

                  please join us on wednesday, march 12, 2025, for an in-person regional conference on hot topics in emergency medicine.                 






			all events		















555 east wells street, suite 1100 milwaukee, wi 53202 tel: (800) 884-2236 or (414) 276-7390 fax: (414) 276-3349 email: info@aaem.org



visit us on
 twitter
 youtube
 instagram
 linkedin
 facebook



privacy policy
sitemap
 



© american academy of emergency medicine











