








































    
    londontaxitour.com - book a professional taxi guide for the best christmas lights tour to harry potter, james bond or royal london tours
  
  















              

 
    home



  blog



  gallery



  disabled access












    
 





        


     home



  blog



  gallery



  disabled access








   london taxi tour   see london through the eyes of a londoner
   

call now

  

4 hour tours

the london taxi tours are almost as famous as the city of london, england itself. londontaxitour.com offer unique electric taxi cab tours of london and the surrounding countryside, so that you can maximise your time and energy whilst on holiday or business. our unique climate controlled electric taxi cab tours offer fixed price sightseeing tours of all the historical london landmarks and historical buildings for up to 6 people per london taxi.with your own personal city of london taxi driver guide, we can ensure you capture the most from your tour whether it's in london or taking a day trip out of london into the english countryside.we offer a range of tours from four to twelve hours. whether it is a short four hour tour to make the most of the day you arrive and allow you to get your bearings of all the sights within london, or our extensive range of england tours, which include the famous harry potter tours, you can make the most of these tours as they are designed for children as well as adults. although they trace the steps of the most famous wizard, they are filmed in some of the most beautiful places, allowing you time to visit 14th century villages.if you don't see the london taxi tour you would like or you have a special interest, feel free to contact us and we will make it happen.our london airport taxi transfers are fully inclusive into central london and if you have time to burn while waiting for a connecting flight, why not take one of our london airport layover tours and pop into london. get shown around the sights or do a little shopping, while waiting for your connecting flight. always making the most of your time.



   
       london taxi tours
 
  

find out more

a london tour in a taxi, 
is a great way to get an overview of london. the 4 hour london tour allows you to see the iconic london sights with time to get out and take pictures, along with an explanation of what you are looking at. the 8 hour tour allows for a lunch stop at a london pub and for us to enter a location or two, along with the quainter side.we can also enjoy london at a more leisurely pace. whoall agesup to 6 participantswhenall yearwherelondon cost4 hour tour £335 per taxi8 hour tour £595 per taxi
 
 harry potter tours
  

  

find out more

as the original harry potter  tour guide site
, we were able to expand our knowledge over the many years of filming. on occasions we were actually conducting tours whilst filming was taking place. this gave us an unrivaled understanding of the changes that were made to locations used. we also got to to see filming take place at the studios. the 8 hour tour means we can delve into other parts of london along with lunch.whoall ages up to 6 participantswhenall year wherelondon, lacock or oxford cost4 hour tour £335 per taxi8 hour tour £595 per taxi
 
 slow horses tours

 
  

find out more

slow horses tour,
step into the gritty, shadowy world of espionage with a "slow horses" tour, inspired by mick herron’s novels and the hit tv series. explore the hidden alleys and iconic london landmarks tied to the disgraced mi5 agents of slough house. uncover stories of intrigue, betrayal, and redemption as you walk in the footsteps of washed-up spies, navigating a world where danger and deception lurk around every corner.whoall ages up to 6 participantswhenall year wherelondon cost4 hour tour £395 per taxi8 hour tour £690 per taxi


   
 christmas lights tour
  

  

find out more

take a christmas lights tour in a london taxi for a magical and personalised experience! enjoy the festive glow of iconic landmarks from the comfort of a traditional black cab. your friendly driver will navigate the city's bustling streets, ensuring you capture the best views of london's dazzling christmas displays. with a panoramic glass roof, making for an unforgettable festive adventure!whoages anyup to 6 participantswhenall year wherelondon cost2.5 hour tour £250 per taxi
 
 royal london tour
 
  

find out more

our royal london taxi tour,  has us viewing london from the backseat of a classic black cab in an experience like no other. from the palace of westminster to  buckingham palace, you can see  the royal sites of london the way many royalty have seen them throughout history. the tour guide will offer countless stories detailing the long and illustrious history of the monarchy in london. .whoages anyup to 6 participantswhenall yearwherecentral london cost4 hour tour £335 per taxi8 hour tour £595 per taxi
 
 hidden london
  

  

find out more

explore london’s hidden gems with a qualified guide. uncover secret spots that regular visitors to london never see. enjoy stepping away from the busy streets. discover tucked away alleys, rich with history.. your experienced guide adds depth to iconic sites, revealing london”s lesser-known treasures and intriguing tales.                                                                 
whoages anyup to 6 participantswhendecember-early januarywherecentral londoncost4 hour tour £335 per taxi8 hour tour £595 per taxi


   testimonials 



     





       
  “hi carol,  we had a fabulous time. gordon was great and we ended the day tired and very happy. my daughter even named her london bear "gordon". we've had fun watching the movies again and looking at where we were standing relative to the scenes. and of course we had a family outing to see the last movie after we returned. “
john may
  





 
  a short line to thank londontaxitour.com for a fabulous day on sunday.  as you know it was a bespoke trip down memory lane for my elderly  uncle, and gordon certainly ensured that this was achieved.   excellent driving, wonderful dialogue, we couldn’t have asked for anything better, it was over and above what we expected. thank you again so much. with best wishes & kind regards
,frances (burrows)
  





 
  “"we had a wonderful time on the tour; our guide gordon was so much fun, really made the day."
shirley, toronto

  











   contact 
send me an email and i’ll get back to you soon.  
   name

 email

 phone

 message





thank you for contacting londontaxitour.com.we will get back to you as soon as possible oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later








      overview homeaboutcancellation policy tourscontactprivacy
   contact telephone: +44 (0) 7957 272179e-mail:
info@londontaxitour.comshop
 location broadwalllondonse1 broadwalllondonse1 9qebroadwalllondonse1 9qenew paragraph
 connect      

 

 

 

 




new paragraph
















































































































  
  share by:













