


globe records cyberlounge - san francisco bay area music: the unusual or hard-to-find
















"the unusual or hard-to-find featuring 
san francisco bay area artists."





       globe records artists: 
back porchestra
the christmas jug band
new copasetics
those darn accordions
rhythmtown-jive
zydeco flames
country joe mcdonald
gator beat
farlow - kirch band
the moonlighters
the reptile brothers
sandi & the accents
tri tip trio
caroline dahl
michael peloquin
signal
solid air
cole tate band
west coast mardi gras party
paris slim
      additional featured artists:
         joe goldmark
dan hicks
commander cody
johnny nocturne band
tommy castro band
brenda boykin
anthony paule
annie sampson


samples
cds, lps, cass...
downloads


back porchestra
the christmas jug band
new copasetics
those darn accordions
rhythmtown-jive
west coast mardi gras party
more...



         globe records artists: 
         back porchestra
the christmas jug band
new copasetics
those darn accordions
rhythmtown-jive
gator beat
tri tip trio
michael peloquin
caroline dahl
      additional featured artists:
         commander cody
annie sampson and her band
s e willis



back porchestra
the christmas jug band
commander cody
new copasetics
joe goldmark
rhythmtown-jive
those darn accordions



current top 20
recent top 20 lists
previous top 20 lists
other stats











music search
(cds, 
lps, cass..)
site 
search






city hall records

(20,000+ listings)
anytitle.com


global search












enter your search terms

submit search form




 



web

www.globerecords.com






















jump to:












 globerecords.com is the multimedia webfront for globe records, the independent record company and on-line/mailorder 
catalog offering cds and vinyl lps of the unusual 
 or hard to find featuring san francisco bay area artists, and a searchable database of over 20,000 mostly 
 regional titles. 




acoustic
americana
blues
cajun/zydeco
childrens

compilations
country
folk
jazz
jug band
new orleans
novelty
polka
pop
rhythm & blues

rock
rockabilly
seasonal
soul
swing



    news from globe records record label & 
eclectic music catalog ...


announcing "holiday from the holiday" single 
(with back porchestra and 
the christmas jug band)
choose your music service
 like:
apple music  - 
youtube - 
bandcamp



christmas jug band cds -
 10% off for orders over $35!































globe records releases new single by back porchestra 
calling all ancestors" single  ...a fall harvest of musical influences, 
a "day of the dead" message 
with a distinct levon helm groove.... a timeless american roots  
merging of '60s, '80s and modern influences: https://orcd.co/4yxrna4

or go direct to:
itunes  -
amazon - 
spotify - 
tidal - 
deezer -
youtube


...see backporchestra.com for more info




dusty road i'm on music video by back porchestra 





globe records releases new single by back porchestra
"dusty road i'm on" single a twangy cajun roots rock number with hints of jesse ed davis and sid page:
https://orcd.co/4n4kmpr

...see backporchestra.com for more info




globe records release by back porchestra:
voices in my head (genre whiplash) 
vinyl new release sale!
lp only $10, $9 each in orders over 35! 
original and vintage american roots: country blues, singer/songwriter, roots rock, western swing and cajun music 
with rich acoustic tones... top 100 album at alt. country specialty chart. 




globe records release by back porchestra
"believe i belong" single from the 
voices in my head 
project... a desperate, south western broken-down-in-a-trailer-park with a junkyard dog 
& tumbleweeds blowing by kind of american roots free-fall dream state...
choose your music platform here: https://orcd.co/obnkapq
or go direct to:
itunes  -
amazon - 
spotify - 
tidal - 
deezer
...see backporchestra.com for more info




catch a tune from "a back porch jug band christmas" on youtube a blend of members of 
backporchestra.com, the christmas jug band
and dan hicks' hot licks. 




globe records release by back porchestra
"just fall in love" (remix) single from the
voices in my head
project.
the song for the summer! newfound minimalism diatribe on potential pitfalls of dating in the new era. 
pandemic is fading. how do we get back to normal? enhanced mix adjustments for vinyl
updated roots rock, americana, indie rock with some '80s and '60s influences.
choose your music platform here: https://orcd.co/o2vmmyy
or go direct to:
itunes  -
amazon - 
spotify - 
tidal - 
deezer
...see backporchestra.com for more info





single by back porchestra
"might hafta go after it"
a groovin', rockin' tribute to the amazing jesse "ed" davis (early taj mahal) feel-good guitar style.
updated roots rock, americana, indie rock with some '60s influences.
choose your music platform here: https://orcd.co/dw640r4
or go direct to:
itunes  -
amazon - 
spotify - 
tidal - 
deezer
...see backporchestra.com for more info




globe records release by back porchestra
voices in my head album on 
lp, cd and usb-music card.
originals and historic american roots music by hank williams, taj mahal, dan hicks, big bill broonzy, bob wills, 
jimmy reed, joseph & cleome falcon and bobby charles.
on resonator guitar, violin, bass, telecaster & drums... 
updated roots rock, americana, indie rock with some '80s and '60s influences.
also amazon for cds: https://amzn.to/3kmgqjh
or.. use the indie option... 
    purchase cd at your nearby indie record store
    or purchase lp at your nearby indie record store
or...choose your digital music platform here: https://orcd.co/dw640r4
or go direct to:
itunes  -
amazon - 
spotify - 
tidal - 
deezer
...see backporchestra.com for more info




new format! 
usb music card with "christmas on the moon" single plus the live from the west pole album and 
album covers, liner notes, tasting notes.   ...billionaires in space? an ever-warming planet? holidays approaching too fast? where's this all headed?
"christmas on the moon!" - the christmas jug band explores the rocket-fueled elitist escapism mindset... is an all-acoustic send-up 
of the newfound elitist escapism mindset and blends americana, roots-rock, gospel, moog theremin synth, rich acoustic violin 
and piano and more. perhaps it's all a metaphor for the likely mixed emotions of actually leaving terra firma.  
plus the most recent album and extras included.
this usb device plays in most computers & usb-ready cars.
manufactured in the usa. comes with a black velvet bag. 
on sale! be the 1st on your block! 
now in stock. 
more details and excerpts here



single.. "christmas on the moon" from the christmas jug band
...billionaires in space? an ever-warming planet? holidays approaching too fast? where's this all headed?
"christmas on the moon!" -  explores the rocket-fueled elitist escapism mindset...  the futurism of humanity 
explored by the organic, rural, ancientistic sounds of the crude americana roots explorers, the christmas jug band. -this new single
delves into that contrast with robotish devo-like single-note-chord roots rock and a very human, gospel-influenced verse feel that
climaxes with a solo section of a moog theremin synth sandwiched between 2 very rich acoustic violin and piano passages. perhaps
it's all a metaphor for the likely mixed emotions of actually leaving terra firma. features austin delone, tim eschliman, paul rogers, 
duke dagreez dewey, snakebite jacobs, candy girard, willy jordan and isaac carter.

choose your music playform here: https://orcd.co/61v9v77
or go direct to:
apple music  -
itunes -
amazon - 
spotify - 
youtube - 
tidal - 
deezer
...see christmasjugband.com for more info







re-released purple lp of retrogroove artifact by rhythmtown-jive
with special guests lee allen and johnnie johnson. debut rockin' jumpin' tribute to the r&b vinyl record of yore by these 
"contemporary masters of the jump-blues tradition" with rockabilly, swing, moody sax instrumentals, boogie woogie and even calypso, 
 featuring tim eschliman, john firmin, kevin zuffi, jimmy sanchez, jerry cortez. 
 details / order here



globe records releases.. 
"looks like rain" by ugly americans... just released for the 1st time... an experimental industrial / environmental performance art track 
from the early 1980s, inspired by harry partch, laurie anderson, john cage and the the anemic boyfriends. 
this was the 1st outfit known as the ugly americans, but these tracks only appeared on demos and were never fully released until now... 
  features john firmin, juno synthesizers, lowrey organs, brake drums, wine glasses, ... random field recordings. from the mill valley 
globe studios music scene, in the former location of the storage garage behind the prune music store, the birthplace of boogie amplifiers, which was 
also the home of lee michaels' squish records facility in the '70s


also available at itunes, 
and spotify





globe records releases first ever track by mystery dance
"keep your distance"... a  song for the times 
available friday august 7, 2020. hear it now!
...see mysterydance.us for more info





out now!: 





new copasetics: "love isn't the same without you" single 
new copasetics'
 west coast roots-rockization from the twang-ucopia (balanced diet) album, recorded live, "big pink-style" 
in the living room studios of global mobile,...veteran players with ridiculous credits... 
available on itunes & 
apple music,
spotify and 
amazon


 





new copasetics: 
"twang-ucopia (balanced diet)"
debut release! recorded live, "big pink-style" in the living room studios of global mobile in the s.f. bay area with 
minimal overdubbing. a quartet of veteran players with ridiculous credits and a curated playlist of originals and covers 
from rockpile (nick lowe & dave edmunds), ry cooder, delbert mcclinton, gary nicholson, little feat, don covay, the simms twins,
commander cody & his lost planet airmen, manual galban and l. d. armstrong.


sale!: cd only $11!
($9.90 with discount - order >$35)
 lp only $10!
($9.00 with discount - order >$35)
both lp & cd only $21!
($18.90 with discount - order >$35)
or.. use the indie option... 
purchase at your nearby indie record store
available on itunes & 
apple music,
spotify and 
amazon









christmas jug band: "the best christmas ever" download single

...from the 1st album of all new material since 2009... the wild animal in its natural habitat! live recording from december of 2018 in the 
 village where it all began...mill valley, california. ...deep in the snow drifts of the "west pole". 
available on itunes & 
apple music,
spotify and 
amazon








christmas jug band: 
"live from the west pole" 
 1st album of all new material since 2009... the wild animal in its natural habitat! live recording from december of 2018 in the 
 village where it all began...mill valley, california. ...deep in the snow drifts of the "west pole". the kings of 100% acoustic 
 folk-skiffle-swing holiday highjinks continuing their penchant for original holiday raucous jugbandizations and parodies of unlikely classics.
new item sale! 
only $11 ($9.90 ea. if order >$35)
or.. use the indie option... 
purchase at your nearby indie record store
or choose your preferred digital music service: https://orcd.co/5pajone











recent releases: 




christmas jug band: 
"red on gold t-shirts" 
 red on gold jug band cartoon t-shirt, adult s,m,l, x and xx sizes.  short sleeve. 100% cotton, made in usa. printed in petaluma, ca, usa. (note: color shown is estimated). starts shipping on 12/13/18 or sooner if possible.

on sale now






transistor rodeo: 
"truck & a radio" 
a long awaited and much anticipated new release by transistor rodeo.... marks a new approach...sets the songs on a bare bones, 
primitive palette; no elaborate arrangements, soloists,
backing vocals or instrumentation. the pure sound of guitar, bass & drums leave only the heart of rock & 
roll to fuel the material, letting the songs stand on their own merit. this also allows the band to give the audience
a true reflection of a live performance.... unique in the band's catalog of releases, inspired by 
buddy holly and the clash bringing 
simplicity to the material. 

on sale






christmas jug band: 
"jugology - greatest near misses (best of...)" 
 best of previously released titles including the perennial-hit "santa lost a ho," plus two bonus tracks of unreleased material. 
celebrating 38 years of holidays for the cjb, this release spans recordings from 1986-2009, from the albums, "mistletoe jam," 
"treeside hoot," "rhythm on the roof," "uncorked," (eng. by fred catero) and "on the holiday highway". 
1st ever "best of" release for the band. "the kings of 100% acoustic folk-skiffle-swing holiday highjinks..." 
performed on washboard, drums, guitars, percussion, kazoos, slide whistles, jaw harp, washtub bass, jug, 
accordions, autoharp, harmonica, piano, sax, clarinet, 
recorder, trumpet, and mandolin... with many special guests.

on sale






zydeco flames: 
"fire dance" 
 showcases the recent live club performance in berkeley, california that provides fans with hot zydeco music 
 they've come to expect from the flames, in the tradition of the great 
 masters like clifton chenier, buckwheat zydeco, and queen ida.  the zydeco flames' sizzling roots rhythms are 
 timeless and the execution is relentless, with a stunningly powerful groove and playlist that includes 
 originals and select covers in the 
 genres of zydeco, cajun, new orleans r&b, rock and swamp-pop.
on sale







country joe mcdonald: 
"time flies by" 
the first country joe album with a focus on a group sound since the fish broke up in '71. joe takes an all-acoustic jug band / string band approach here, 
 using christmas jug band personnel and their pool of musical pals, plus joe's own circle of talent: harper simon, 
 the persuasions, austin de lone, tim eschliman, gregory dewey, russ gauthier, ken "snakebite" jacobs, suzy thompson, chris & lorin rowan and bernie krause. 
 all original material save one.
 decades in the making, time flies by 
 incorporates instrumentals, ballads, protests, waltzes and rock and roll. 
on sale:
$13.25, $11.93 with discount! 






joe goldmark: 
"blue steel" 
joe goldmark's most exciting album to date. he mixes original instrumentals with unusual vocal selections, creating a true americana blend. dallis craft contributes gorgeous renditions of tunes written by jeff lynne, graham parker and lefty frizzell, while glenn walters works the r&b side of the street with tunes by jimmy mccracklin, b.b. king and rufus thomas. goldmark has seven pedal steel guitar cds under his belt, including the popular "seducing the 60s" (lo-ball #9), and the critically acclaimed "steelin' the beatles" (lo-ball #8). he also recorded three seminal albums as a member of the storied "jim campilongo and the 10 gallon cats." he toured and recorded with the "twangbangers," the hightone records all-star band that featured redd volkaert, bill kirchen and dallas wayne. he also has toured with jim lauderdale and peter rowan. country, rock, americana, hot instrumentals.
on sale:
$12.75, $11.47 with discount! 








"the 
missing moonlighters - live / studio closet tapes"
all previously unreleased tracks from the moonlighters, 
a band led by bill kirchen, that "moonlighted" from commander cody and 
the lpa... later to become his backing group... the early "rhythm & western" 
sound of the group 
as well as the later four-man, skinny-tie, rock/pop outfit...
on sale






rhythmtown-jive: 
"on the main stem"
this 3rd rj album brings the band's diverse american roots into a solid blues focus with the addition of johnnie johnson
on seven cuts and a cameo by east coast r&b diva, rahni raines, and the full three-man 
new orleans-style horn section 
with nine originals, an irma
thomas classic, a new orleans brass band romp and a pinetop smith boogie woogie, a full pallette of top shelf 
rhythm & blues is delivered on this recording.
	on 
	sale








mike rinta: 
"eponymous" 
trombone virtuoso mike rinta made his name backing up scores of jazz and funk stars including sly & the family stone, herbie 
hancock, buddy guy, otis clay, carlos santana, legends jerry garcia and bob wier 
and the new orleans all stars. this debut cd is a lovingly rendered medley of moody organic jazz with new 
orleans-style compositions featuring rhythmtown-jive sidemen, kevin zuffi, jimmy sanchez & tim eschliman.
on sale






the 
reptile brothers: "what's the rush?"
three wacky guys from ohio and their pals during mill valley's mid to late 1970s north of san francisco music scene.... a band 
 of veterans from country joe & the fish, marty balin, 
commander cody, etta james... features  the only recording that features both the "'tiles" and eggs over easy
on sale





gator beat: 
"stompin' at the bal de maison" 
evolved from a story from louisiana of house parties where so many folks
showed up to dance, the floor broke and they spent sunday repairing it, this
cd is that party, coming at you with relentless grooves designed to keep you
stompin' in your own house or nearest dance hall, with new originals, classic
cajun, hard core zydeco, new orleans r&b, blues
ballads and a french waltz. 
on sale







paul rogers: 
"the cul-de-sac kids" 
paul rogers, 20 year front man for the san francisco rock accordion band, those darn accordions, fires off a solo cd of kid friendly tunes... 
a wonderful collection of 12 original witty, and heartfelt tunes that will delight kids and their parents alike...
rogers' salute to the cul-de-sac where he grew up. on sale







announcing the addition of the
vintage music and swing 
time labels:








other recent releases: those darn accordions' 
"squeeze machine", 
a self-titled release by san diego's 
sandi 
& the accents  and northern california zydeco favorties, 
tri tip trio 
all now available.


our other notable releases:
farlow-kirch band 
~ solid air
~ mistletoe jam reissue
~ uncorked 
~ caroline dahl 
~ west coast mardi gras party
~ rhythmtown-jive

buy individual songs... apple's itunes
 has added globe records 
to their music download sevice...  you can even download an artists entire catalog! (these link will launch itunes). 
 check out all of the
download options on our music page.





back orchestra (new!)


ugly americans (new!)


mystery dance (new!)


new copasetics

"live from the west pole" 
by christmas
jug band


the moonlighters

rhythmtown-jive

those
darn accordions

reptile 
brothers





anemic 
boyfriends

austin
de lone

zydeco
flames

gator 
beat

sandi 
& the accents

tri tip
trio

farlow -
kirch band

west
coast mardi gras party
more artists on itunes...






as 
always, if you're done with our site, or want to look farther and wider:



check out our "al's faves" hotlist
for links to out top suggestions, a wide variety of sites.


search for music book & movies through our partner site,
"anytitle.com meta-search service"



search a broad listing of
independent music titles at
city hall records  and see their 
impressive artist list.



globe records is an independent record label and mailorder catalog 
from the san francisco bay area in northern california, offering cds 
cassettes and vinyl lps of the unusual or hard to find featuring san francisco bay area artists, and a searchable 
database of over 15,000 mostly regional titles.  formed in 1985, this label features rock, rhythm & blues, jazz,
blues, zydeco, cajun, folk, country, new orleans, christmas and other musical styles by the likes of
rhythmtown-jive, johnnie johnson, annie sampson, new copasetics, paul rogers, the baxter brothers, bill kirchen, brenda boykin, eric swinderman, 
the charlatans, the christmas jug band, cole tate band, commander cody, the country all stars, dan hicks, michael 
peloquin, tri tip trio, sandi & the accents, the farlow-kirch band, caroline dahl, david landon, the edlos, freddie roulette, 
gator beat, jeff massanari, jill carole, 
jimmy dillon, alex baum, joe goldmark, the johnny nocturne band, kathy n. right, michael and pilar, 
mike weiner trio, mitch woods and his rocket 88s, the moonlighters, paris slim, rhythm sheiks, 
s. e. willis, solid air, steve gannon, steve gornall, the reptile brothers,
those darn accordions, tommy castro, the swing session, frank biner, frederick nighthawk, 
transistor rodeo, vinyl, west coast mardi gras party, poor man's whiskey, grootna, mad river and bodacious.







		~ top of page ~ 


artists ~ music ~ reviews 
~ shows ~ video ~ top 20
help ~ 
privacy ~ shipping 
& tax ~ return policy
al's favorite sites hotlist ~ how green is globe records?

p o box 750112 petaluma ca 94975 usa
(877) 456-2301


see our facebook events page


made in usa 

web site design & development by 
one globe publishing




































