






home - kay dee feeds































































skip to content




 
 




 
home
products

premium granular mineral
kay dee granular mineral
cost-effective mineral
mineral blocks
protein blocks
protein & energy tubs


where to buy
become a dealer
contact
 

 menu


home
products

premium granular mineral
kay dee granular mineral
cost-effective mineral
mineral blocks
protein blocks
protein & energy tubs


where to buy
become a dealer
contact
 








 

 








not all mineral is the same 








kay dee feed company 



over 90 years of innovation 



family owned and operated since 1928, kay dee feed company has provided quality livestock supplements earning generations of loyal customers. as an industry innovator, kay dee pressed the first mineral block in 1932 and introduced the first waste-free granular livestock mineral in 1962.today, kay dee provides its customers with a full line of livestock mineral and protein supplements and has grown to be the largest independent manufacturer of mineral and protein supplements in the united states. by delivering the nutrition animals need to be healthy and productive, kay dee strives to improve every producer’s bottom line.kay dee feed company operates a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility and headquartered in sioux city, iowa. 





cattle mineral 



 



 
calving/breeding





 
pasture/maintenance





 
fescue





 
grass tetany





 
fly control





 
distillers co-products





 
specialty









cattle protein 







 
supplemental protein





 
all-natural protein







herd health additives 







 
customize your mineral







other species 







 
sheep





 
goat





 
horse





 
wild game












 












our products 



be profitable with the mineral and protein experts 





premium granular mineralsuper ranger kaydets granular minerals are weatherized and offer complete and superior nutrition. 



granularmineral kay dee granular minerals are weatherized to resist caking and will not blow away. 



mineral & proteinblockskay dee provides optimal nutrition in a block form for the convenience of producers. 



protein & energytubssupplement low-quality fall or winter forage and increase forage utilization. 







view all products




























why usechelated minerals 





				benefits of feeding chelated minerals include: increased conception rate, stronger immune system, and much more.
learn more 









ultra-phos: highlyavailable phosphorus 





							kay dee uses ultra-phos® in our products. ultra-phos has higher phosphorus bioavailability for livestock.
learn more 











download theproduct manual 





nutritional solutions to keep livestock healthy and productive.download 











customizeyour mineral 





							many products are available with these medications and additives.
learn more 





























 



contact us 



we would love to hear from you. contact us using the details below. 





 







								your name							




								last name							




								phone number							




								email							




								message							
 


								consent							



by clicking submit below, you consent to allow alltech inc and its direct and indirect subsidiary companies to store and process the personal information submitted above to provide you the content requested. you may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. for more information, including on how to unsubscribe, please review our privacy policy. 





submit














 












copyright © 2024 alltech. all rights reserved 





























