     thoroughbred ford | new and used ford dealer | kansas city, mo                                                                  thoroughbred ford        sales 816-300-9926    service 816-300-9915  parts 816-300-9914  local 816-388-1835   8501 n boardwalk avenuekansas city, mo 64154                           service        map        contact                       thoroughbred ford            call 816-300-9926   directions                  new   search inventory   f-150 inventory   bronco sport inventory   escape inventory   mustang inventory   edge inventory   explorer inventory   start custom order   buy your vehicle online   ford bronco reservation   schedule test drive   new and used ford specials   instant trade offer     custom order   start custom order   build and price tool   order a 2024 ford ranger     cpo   search inventory   ford blue advantage cpo     used   search inventory   certified pre-owned overview   schedule test drive   find my car   certified pre-owned overview   instant trade offer     ev hub   search inventory   ford ev overview   electric vehicles   plug-in hybrid electric vehicles   2023 f-150 lightning    2023 mustang mach-e   hybrid vehicles     finance   easy credit pre approval   finance department   calculate your vehicle budget   ford protect   ford x-plan pricing   ford dealer axz plan pricing   sell your car for cash in kansas city   instant trade offer     specials   tires   fordpass   schedule service   ford specials   service & parts specials   ford military discount   finance offers & incentives   first responders appreciation   kansas city chiefs partner program   ford pickup & delivery     service/parts   thoroughbred service center   fordpass rewards   schedule service   service & parts specials   ford parts center   brake service advice   tire care advice   tire finder   oil change advice   battery service   ford mobile service     body shop   collision center   rentals     research   ford pass   model showroom   2024 ford maverick   mustang mach-e   sca performance trucks     our store   about thoroughbred   customer reviews   contact us   hours & directions   why buy from us   why service here?   careers   leave us a review   news & events   metro kc ford areas served   liberty ford dealer   blue springs ford dealer   st. joe ford dealer   leavenworth ford dealer   overland park ford dealer                     new   search inventory   f-150 inventory   bronco sport inventory   escape inventory   mustang inventory   edge inventory   explorer inventory   start custom order   buy your vehicle online   ford bronco reservation   schedule test drive   new and used ford specials   instant trade offer     custom order   start custom order   build and price tool   order a 2024 ford ranger     cpo   search inventory   ford blue advantage cpo     used   search inventory   certified pre-owned overview   schedule test drive   find my car   certified pre-owned overview   instant trade offer     ev hub   search inventory   ford ev overview   electric vehicles   plug-in hybrid electric vehicles   2023 f-150 lightning    2023 mustang mach-e   hybrid vehicles     finance   easy credit pre approval   finance department   calculate your vehicle budget   ford protect   ford x-plan pricing   ford dealer axz plan pricing   sell your car for cash in kansas city   instant trade offer     specials   tires   fordpass   schedule service   ford specials   service & parts specials   ford military discount   finance offers & incentives   first responders appreciation   kansas city chiefs partner program   ford pickup & delivery     service/parts   thoroughbred service center   fordpass rewards   schedule service   service & parts specials   ford parts center   brake service advice   tire care advice   tire finder   oil change advice   battery service   ford mobile service     body shop   collision center   rentals     research   ford pass   model showroom   2024 ford maverick   mustang mach-e   sca performance trucks     our store   about thoroughbred   customer reviews   contact us   hours & directions   why buy from us   why service here?   careers   leave us a review   news & events   metro kc ford areas served   liberty ford dealer   blue springs ford dealer   st. joe ford dealer   leavenworth ford dealer   overland park ford dealer           

    



















    557 vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new all used certified    any year  any make  any model search     all    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       








     search new inventory     search used inventory        










search new




search used







offers and rates






new deals






get pre-approved






schedule service








read or provide a review









 






                                 disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                    

        choose your vehicle     mustang        mustang mach-e        edge        escape        expedition        explorer        maverick        f-150        super duty f-250        transit connect van          


ford dealer
in kansas city, mo.










order your ford
start your custom order in kansas city, mo.
with our new online website reservation system, you can build out your entire new ford before even setting up your appointment. pick your package, pick your color, pick your features. you can do it all from your home or phone.

start your order











buy it online
buying a vehicle has never been easier at thoroughbred ford.
whether your home or office we now offer the ability to buy online and have your vehicle delivered to your door. we are also happy to bring your vehicle of interest to your home for a test drive. our customer service is always priority #1.

buy it online












get pre-approved auto financing
convenient finance options for your next auto purchase are always available at thoroughbred ford your local kansas city ford dealer.
whether you are right down the road or hours away from kansas city, you can save time now by using our quick and convenient online pre-approval form, and we will help you pick out a vehicle to fit your financing and budget needs.

get pre-approved












best auto deals, specials and offers this month
exclusive offers available for a limited time.
thoroughbred ford offers monthly incentives and special offers on new and used cars, trucks and suvs. bookmark this page or get price drop alerts.

view specials












reliable car, truck and suv service
book your next service appointment.
our kansas city ford dealership offers a large inventory of cars, trucks and suvs, as well as the services needed to care for your vehicle. we provide auto repair for all makes and models. schedule online or call our service department to book an appointment.

schedule service












f-series
the best-selling trucks in america for 43 straight years.
it's not luck. and it isn't coincidence. since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability.

find yours





      

best auto deals, specials and offers this month exclusive offers available for a limited time.
thoroughbred ford offers monthly incentives and special offers on new and used cars, trucks and suvs. bookmark this page or get price drop alerts. 
view specials


       

reliable car, truck and suv service book your next service appointment.
our kansas city ford dealership offers a large inventory of cars, trucks and suvs, as well as the services needed to care for your vehicle. we provide auto repair for all makes and models. schedule online or call our service department to book an appointment. 
schedule service

     


f-series the best-selling trucks in america for 43 straight years.
it's not luck. and it isn't coincidence. since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability.
find yours


     



follow us on social media


                  



     
ford dealership directions




more about us







sales hours
    monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm     wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 7:00pm    sunday closed    







thoroughbred ford | ford dealer serving kansas city, st. joseph and blue springs, mo
your local kansas city ford dealer
thoroughbred ford has been your kansas city, mo and north of the river ford dealer for 40 years. our ford dealership has been honored to serve the community including areas near platte county, mo, st. joe, mo, independence, mo, leavenworth, ks, blue springs, mo, shawnee mission, ks, overland park, ks, grandview, mo and many other areas. our showroom has provided customers a 5-star experience year in and year out. we are located at  8501 n boardwalk ave, kansas city, mo 64154 and you can reach us at (816) 505-1818.





ford custom order build and price | kansas city, mo
thoroughbred ford customers can start a ford custom order with our custom order concierge or use our ford build & price tool to review options and packages. then submit your vehicle preferences to our specialized ford custom order team. we will contact you to reserve your spot in line and start your ford order build. you can build and price a new ford f-150, ford maverick, ford edge, ford escape and just about any other new ford vehicle in our portfolio. when you build and price a new ford vehicle our ford dealership makes sure your ford build and price is done right making sure you receive all the ford offers, incentives and rebates. we keep you updated throughout the vehicle build process all the way until you take delivery of your new ford vehicle.


new & used cars, trucks, suvs for sale | kansas city, mo
if you're looking for the best selection of new, used or pre-owned fords, we have the best selection of inventory in the area. of all the car dealers and car dealerships in kansas city, mo we provide one of the best upscale service and sales experiences. just see read our customer reviews!
our new selection of ford’s for sale and our product development has been garnered rave reviews over the last few years. the lineup of ford vehicles has grown every year. you can shop our selection of vehicles including the ford f-150, f-series, ford escape, edge, explorer, mustang, expedition and even transit vans. we have plenty of stock available. we also have an array of new and used models ranging from 2015 to 2022 and the largest selection of new 2021 ford vehicles for sale.
ford dealership promise & ford pass | kansas city, mo
ford's impressive qualities, craftsmanship, features and even industry leading technology make our product one to watch. our ford cars, trucks, suvs, crossovers, vans and hybrids are pre-inspected to meet the highest industry standards. we believe in safety and reliability. the vehicles are low priced and competitive.
with may trim levels, colors, and packages we can always find you a vehicle. if you are looking for a car on a budget or even looking to try to purchase, get a better rate, financed deal or even lease payment, we are here to help. and now with ford pass rewards we are able to better service our customers.


ford vehicle service, parts and maintenance | kansas city, mo
if you are looking for ford certified technicians we have them. thoroughbred ford's parts and service team offers a true luxury service experience. we repair and service vehicles of all makes and models. routine maintenance is no problem. we handle it all ranging from oil changes, to new tires and new brakes. you can schedule an appointment online and pick a time and date that works for you to meet with one of our service professionals. with access to ford oem parts and accessories, you can find anything available if you need a part replaced. thoroughbred ford always has monthly service specials for service and new, used or pre-owned vehicles. these specials include the works package, tire alignments, battery checks, nitro fill and many others.
how to find a ford dealer near me | kansas city, mo
our family history in the community, top of the line staff, and constant commitment to putting our customers first makes thoroughbred ford and throughbred ford in platte city, mo the delaerships you want to do business with north of the river. don't believe us? come for a visit at 8501 n boardwalk ave, kansas city, mo 64154 in kansas city, mo north off the river or give us a call at (816) 505-1818! 
local areas served
being your local kansas city ford dealership, thoroughbred ford is also happy to service the entire metro area and surrounding areas including:



ford dealership kansas city, mo
ford dealership st. joseph, mo
ford dealership blue springs, mo
ford dealership independence, mo
ford dealership lee's summit, mo




ford dealership platte county, mo
ford dealership leavenworth, ks
ford dealership shawnee, ks
ford dealership overland park, ks




ford dealership olathe, ks
ford dealership topeka, ks
ford dealership kansas city, ks







    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week. please call for additional information (816) 505-1818. all rebates to the dealer. all prior sales excluded. in stock units only. 0% offers may be in lieu of factory rebates, and are based on approved tier 1 credit through ford motor credit. we make every attempt to display 100% accurate information, please call ahead to verify any information. please note lien fee ($6.00 mo residents/$4.00 ks residents) administrative fee ($275 retail, $75 for a/z plan, $100 x/d plan), sales taxes and finance charges are additional to the advertised price.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures thoroughbred ford | 8501 n boardwalk avenue, kansas city, mo 64154 | sales: 816-300-9926 |                























             