




  






















 


























tjc - tyler junior college - tyler, tx



skip to content








                          apply now                        
tyler junior college | tyler, tx 


menu





login









how can we help you?

search this site


go








admissions                                    

                                        press the down key to view the sub navigation
                                    



                                                        admissions                                                    


                                                    tjc is a smart first choice for any student, whether you plan to transfer to a four-year university or gain the skills and training needed to go directly into the workforce.                                                

apply now





                                                    start here                                                


steps to apply


cost calculator


new student orientation


tsi testing


register for classes


housing


career planning


invest in yourself





                                                    next steps                                                


financial aid


scholarships


onward college action guide


degrees & certificates


dual credit


veterans affairs


change of address



loop to first item in admissions
academics                                    

                                        press the down key to view the sub navigation
                                    



                                                        academics                                                    


                                                    tjc has an outstanding record of academic quality, offering a bachelor's degree, associate's degree programs, certificates and training and technical programs.                                                

degrees & certificates





                                                    majors and programs                                                


online degrees


academic calendar


core curriculum


about associate's degrees


about certificates


skilled trades & continuing studies


register for classes





                                                    student support                                                


advising


testing


tutoring


library


counseling


transferring from tjc


bookstore


graduation


transcripts


college success coaching


disability services


trio programs



loop to first item in academics
about tjc                                    

                                        press the down key to view the sub navigation
                                    



                                                        about tjc                                                    


                                                    tjc is one of the largest community colleges in texas, with 306 full-time faculty members and 248 part-time faculty members, and nearly 13,000 students enrolled.                                                

learn more about tjc





                                                    facts and history                                                


news


campus locations


tax district


history and heritage


fast facts & data


aspen prize


library archives


board agendas


alumni association





                                                    faculty, staff & leadership                                                


board of trustees


the president


executive cabinet


faculty senate


strategic plan


employee directory


jobs at tjc


human resources


foundation



loop to first item in about tjc




campus life                                    

                                        press the down key to view the sub navigation
                                    



                                                        campus life                                                    


                                                    tjc provides a full college experience – we offer opportunities and programs that add to your involvement outside the classroom.                                                

events calendar





                                                    life at tjc                                                


residential life & housing


intramural sports


athletics


apache spirits & traditions


dining


alumni association


student employment


support services


campus clinic


apache recreation center





                                                    student organizations                                                


apache belles


apache band


apache chiefs


phi theta kappa


presidential honors program


student senate


ya-a-te leadership retreat


orgsync



loop to first item in campus life
continuing studies                                    

                                        press the down key to view the sub navigation
                                    



                                                        continuing studies                                                    


                                                    tjc's continuing studies courses provide lifelong learning for people of all ages to develop personal and professional potential, upgrade job-related skills and prepare for informed participation in the civic, cultural and political life of the community.                                                

search courses





                                                    courses and catalog                                                


download catalog


tjc west





                                                    professional training                                                


online healthcare programs


online it & web development programs


online skilled trades & technology programs


online career training programs


law enforcement academy


fire academy


academy of dance


truck driving


workforce training



loop to first item in continuing studies
visit tjc                                    

                                        press the down key to view the sub navigation
                                    



                                                        visit tjc                                                    


                                                    60-year-old oak trees and historic buildings are part of daily life here on tjc’s big, beautiful campus.
                                                

virtual campus tour





                                                    tours and visits                                                


daily tours


large group tours


preview day


interactive map


downloadable map


campus locations


earth & space science center





                                                    visit tjc resources                                                


tyler transit bus map


tjc tax district


uil information



loop to first item in visit tjc
 




menu





login





search





parents & familiesalumnifaculty & staffcommunityathletics 
















a bold vision for the future. 

educating everyone -- the path to a better world.  the door to your future is always open at tjc. 





 
 





register now




apply here


 






 
for 98 years, tjc has helped students find fulfilling careers.
quality education. affordable prices. close to home.

 





why choose tjc









1/3rd the cost of a four-year institution









more than 120 degree and certificate programs









1,200 students living on campus in eight residence halls









over 50,000 graduates in nine decades









beautifully landscaped 145-acre campus





 






 
 












there’s an openness here, and the people are helpful. i discovered this ability to choose my own path. tjc was the best thing that could have happened to me.

isabella locicero
earned a full ride to baylor on speech & debate scholarship















anyone in any position can achieve their goal. once i heard of this scholarship, i was really blessed with how kind and generous our communities are, especially the brookshire family, in my case.

jameson black
smu scholarship recipient, provided by ann and brad brookshire















if you’re mechanically inclined, like tools and want to learn and work with your hands, tjc will get you a job in a year as a maintenance guy. this is the best job i’ve ever had.

reece clark
employed at cardinal health through an apprentice program with tjc






 






 
 








degree & certificate pathways
can't decide on a major? that's ok! pathways help you find a direction without getting too specific. start taking courses that work towards your broad goal while you decide what you'd like to specialize in.
















healthcare professions






                    want to make a difference through medical care? does the human body intrigue you? if so, the healthcare professions pathway could be for you.                





manufacturing, transportation & industry






                    are you naturally good with your hands? are you constantly working on a diy project? if so, the manufacturing, transportation & industry pathway could be right for you.                





business & entrepreneurship






                    are you full of innovative ideas? are you driven to find money-making solutions to everyday problems? if so, the business & entrepreneurship pathway could be right for you.                





public service






                    do you dream of a world where people are free from addictions? do you connect with kids and enjoy helping them learn new skills? if so, the public service pathway could be right for you.                





creative & communication arts






                    do you dream of running an art studio? do people tell you that you have a way with words? if so, the creative & communication arts pathway could be right for you.                





science & technology






                    are you strong in math or science? do you always wonder how things work? do people come to you when they have a question about technology? if so, the science and technology pathway could be right for you.                





view all degrees & certificates







 
 






 
 





comprehensive master plan
our master planning efforts address development needs for tjc’s central campus and additional sites.
read the master plan








 






tjc news




test tjc celebrates 98th founders day
read more


tjc celebrates 98th founders day
tyler junior college was founded on sept. 17, 1926, with a mission to improve the lives of east texans by providing access to higher education close to home.





test tjc’s drumbeat student media wins three national pinnacle awards
read more


tjc’s drumbeat student media wins three national pinnacle awards
tyler junior college’s student media, the drumbeat, was among the top in the nation earnin…





test tjc athletics program receives $196,000 grant from christus
read more


tjc athletics program receives $196,000 grant from christus
tyler junior college’s nationally recognized intercollegiate athletics program has receive…

 


 








take an online tour 

know your way around tjc without leaving home. 



interactive campus map




download map


 


 









achieving the dream




rusk promise




aacc




tjc promise

 

 






 












tjc




(800) 687-5680


connect with us



facebook




linked in




twitter




you tube




instagram








news

events

contact us

campus locations

campus map

academic calendar

employee directory

housing

board elections

library 

registrar

catalog

course search

syllabus search - hb 2504

online degrees

student change of address

jobs at tjc

counseling & mental health

institutional resume

bookstore

testing services

give to tjc
 





consumer information

campus police

bid opportunities

disclaimer

board of trustees

title ix

sacscoc accreditation

anonymous sexual assault report

board policy manual

student rights and responsibilities

sitemap 
 tyler junior college gives equal consideration to all applicants for admission, employment and participation in its programs and activities without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, veteran status or limited english proficiency (lep). tyler junior college respects the legal rights of each person to work and learn in an environment that is free from unlawful sexual discrimination including sexual harassment and sexual violence.



request information


 














































 

