































townhouse hotel - boutique hotel in miami beach 




































skip to main content





toggle navigation 
















specials 
rooms 
ramen baby burger 
th rooftop lounge 
meetings & events 
gallery 


















                                        check in:



                                        










                                    check out:



                                    








                                    nights:

                                    






                                    adults:

                                    






                                    children:
                                    




you have empty fields 


                        book now

                    



book now 



















 







established in 1939 


                            where beach house charm meets old-fashioned comfort in the heart of south beach. 
                        

the one50 hotel miami beach provides the complete home-away-from-home experience, where making footprints on the beach is minutes away from leaving your mark in downtown miami. playful combinations of modern design and authentic hospitality make townhouse hotel miami beach an ideal destination for a weekend getaway or extended retreat.
looking for a 5-night or longer stay? save up to 50% on your stay when you book 5 nights or more. enjoy two complimentary beach chairs daily and free wi-fi. book now!











ramen baby burger 




                                ramen and rooftops

                            

enjoy japanese-inspired favorites at ramen baby burger  before heading to the roof for ocean views and late night fun at th rooftop lounge , where live music and craft cocktails are the status quo. 


th rooftop lounge 
ramen baby burger 











                                ramen and rooftops                

closed indefinitely.  

th rooftop lounge 
ramen baby burger 










exclusives 
special offers & packages 



view all offers 




sign up for offers 















advance purchase offer
like to plan ahead? we like to reward that! save up to 20% when you book at least 14 days in advance!

learn more  about advance purchase offer











book direct & save 
we've got love for direct bookers, save up to an additional 10% + some extra perks when you reserve direct on our site!

learn more  about book direct & save











florida resident special 
we love our florida family, but we don’t forget our neighbors either. get 15% off your stay as fl, ga or al residents. 

learn more  about florida resident special

















advance purchase offer 

like to plan ahead? we like to reward that! save up to 20% when you book at least 14 days in advance!

learn more  about advance purchase offer













book direct & save

ramen, burgers, cocktails, oh __! 

learn more  about book direct & save













florida resident special

we love our florida family, but we don’t forget our neighbors either. get 15% off your stay as fl, ga or al residents. 

learn more  about florida resident special




                    sss


                







in the middle of it all

                            access to the best of miami                

during your stay at one50 hotel miami beach, you will be located in the heart of the magic city. day or night , the south beach life couldn’t get any better.  just a few steps from our doors you’ll have access to:

celebrated dining and nightlife destinations throughout miamiinfamous indoor and outdoor shopping malls and cafésperforming arts centers and renowned museumsnotable miami beach neighborhoodspristine beachside location 


book your stay 










exclusive beach access 


lincoln road 


mynt lounge 


the bass museum 


south beach 










instagram 

@townhousemiami 


 

#townhousemiami 








this month's special offers 


                            reserve a night for you and 

                            your special someone this 

                            february & enjoy these 

                            special offers.

                        


                            learn more

                        








sign up for exclusive ____ and offers from townhouse hotel miami beach.. 
















subscribe for exclusives

                            




                                150 20th street, miami, fl 33139

                            



                                (305) 534-3800

                            


contact 
press 
terms 
privacy notice 







































facebook





twitter





instagram





trip advisor




84 f  / 29 c 

 









