






fr. harry winter – fr. harry winter






















































fr. harry winter


										fr. harry winter									









menu
home
the five ways

the five ways books
2024

five ways – jan 24
five ways – feb 24
five ways – mar 24
five ways – may 24
five ways – apr 24
five ways – june 24
five ways – july 24
five ways – oct 24
five ways – nov 24


2023

five ways – jan 23
five ways – feb 23
five ways – march 23
five ways – april 23
five ways – may 23
five ways – jun 23
five ways – jul 23
five ways – aug 23
five ways – sep 23
five ways – oct 23
five ways – nov 23
five ways – dec 23


2022

five ways – jan 22
five ways – feb 22
five ways – mar 22
five ways – apr 22
five ways – may 22




oblate missiologists
contact us
curriculum vitae & publications
updated january 09, 2025



















week of prayer for christian unity 2025

  posted on january 9, 2025 by harry winter, o.m.i.
  leave a comment



to appreciate this year’s week of prayer for christian unity, january 18-25, 2025, see the article below written by rev. philip halikias published in the nov/dec 2024 issue of ecumenical trends.  -fr. harry
do you believe this?
when jesus arrived, he found that lazarus had already been in the tomb for four days. now bethany was near jerusalem, some two miles away, and many of the jews had come to martha and mary to console them about their brother.  when martha heard that jesus was coming, she went and met him, while mary stayed at home. martha said to jesus, “lord, if you had been here, my brother wouldnot have died. but even now i know that god will give you whatever you ask of him.” jesus said to her, “your brother will rise again.” martha said to him, “i know that he will rise again in the resurrection on the last day.” jesus said to her, “i am the resurrection and the life. those who believe in me, even though they die, will live, and everyone who lives and believes in me will never die. do you believe this?” she said to him, “yes, lord, i believe that you are the messiah, the son of god, the one coming into the world.” john 11:17-27, new revised standard version
“do you believe this?”: four incredibly powerful words asked of martha by jesus. these words have been selected for this coming year’s week of prayer for christian unity (wpcu) theme not only to honor the 1700th anniversary of the first ecumenical council of nicaea. these words also echo in our minds andhearts as christians seeking to live a life in christ each and every day. belief, while straightforward as it may seem in being an undeniable faith in the unseen (or even unknown, for some), is ultimately based on relationship – relationship with christ, that is.
christian belief is more than just honoring a distant god from afar; it was radically transformed by the in carnation of our lord god and savior jesus christ, thus allowing us the opportunity to have a direct relationship with the eternal father, through his only-begotten son, being fully human and fully divine, as was confirmed in the creed of nicaea 1700 years ago. we will return to the theme of nicaea later, along with what 21st century implications are carried into our daily lives by the faith and beliefs held since the first ecumenical council. but first, let me take you on a little journey into how my family and i encounter ourselves, and god, through his own creation:  uncoincidentally a theme for the eight days of meditationthis upcoming week of prayer.
for four years now, my family and i have been seeking opportunities and locations to explore nature every chance we have. this pleasant bonding experience was a result of the covid-19 pandemic, a period that has permanently changed the human experience. trepidation, fear, nerves, uncertainty, and pain linger, but the opportunity of connecting to god through prayer, human connection, and nature remains a constant. i have always found it is relatively easy to connect to god in nature, especially when the noise from cars, planes, construction, and to some extent people is limited or null. where do we find this? the beach, on the water, up in the mountains, deep in the woods, or in a cave, to name only a few possibilities. traveling to my paternal homeland of greece this summer brought all of the above into vivid clarity. it is easy to see why christian communities, monastic and otherwise, have lived for centuries in or near one of the aforementioned landscapes. do not mistake my sentiment as denying the age-old saying: “wherever you go, there you are.” this saying implies that our emotional, social, psychological, and spiritual baggage follows us until we work through it, often in a multiplicity of ways. nevertheless, the psychological, physical, and spiritual benefits of being in nature and connecting through relationships are truly like medicine for mind/body/soul.
for 2025, the wpcu theme was chosen by the monastic community of bose in magnano, italy. this ecumenical and international community of men and women (primarily catholic with some protestants and orthodox) has flourished nestled within the mountains and sprawling green fields. during my visit, the only noises that pierced the solitude were from the pre-service bell ringing and rumbles from a thunderstorm. however, one could appreciate their presence because the silence was expeditious to return. the community lives with the beating heart of ecumenism at its core, with faith and joy coursing through itsveins – the main artery being the gospel. from their hospitality to their scholarship, the community of bose provided for a document worthy of honoring such a momentous occasion such as the 1700th anniversary of nicaea. it is clear that the words “do you believe this” fall on those with “ears to hear” at bose.while on the subject of hospitality, note the very different reaction from martha to jesus in the gospel of john pericope for the 2025 wpcu, as opposed to the frustrated (and perhaps more relatable) martha in luke’s gospel, who questions jesus while agitated because mary is not assisting her in serving. let us take a look at the brief interaction in luke’s account, after jesus concludes his parable par excellence on mercy: the good samaritan (which, incidentally, anchored last year’s wpcu).
now as they went on their way, he entered a certain village where a woman named martha welcomed him. she had a sister named mary, who sat at jesus’s feet and listened to what he was saying. but martha was distracted by her many tasks, so she came to him and asked, “lord, do you not care that my sister has left me to do all the work by myself? tell her, then, to help me.” but the lordanswered her, “martha, martha, you are worried and distracted by many things, but few things are needed—indeed only one. mary has chosen the better part, which will not be taken away from her.(luke 10:38-42, nrsv)
does this mean that martha’s efforts were in vain? is there not something holy about serving others out of love and hospitality? was martha upset because she wanted to listen to jesus instead of serving? perhaps martha wanted credit for serving. it could have been all the above, or none of the above. it is clear, however, that mary made a more impactful decision. jesus says, “mary has chosen the better part [τὴν ἀγαθὴν μερίδα], which will not be taken away from her.” the greek word μερίδα (merida) is equivalent to a piece or portion, often referring to an inheritance. it seems that jesus is reminding martha and, by extension us,that proximity to him and his word is a critical component of our inheritance as his followers.
returning to this year’s selected pericope, in order to compare martha’s characterization in john to that in luke, let us focus on a few aspects. 1) martha was proactive in meeting jesus on the road, teaching us it is important to seek christ, not simply wait for him to come knocking on our door! 2) martha was outspoken in airing her grievance to jesus, teaching us that we can be upset with god and be honest about our feelings. god can handle it! 3) martha quickly redirected herself towards christ, literally and spiritually. she affirmed her faith through her words and actions.  jesus acknowledged martha and eased her pain by assuring lazarus’s future rising. martha took it in the eschatological sense, but jesus surprised her with bringing the bodily resurrection to lazarus that very day, later in the gospel. sometimes we may be the martha that feels left out, taken for granted by our loved ones, unable to engage our faith or life as deeply as we wish. other times, we may be the emboldened martha who sought, questioned, and ultimately affirmed her faith in christ. what steps will we take? whatportion will we choose?
sometimes we may be the martha that feels left out, taken forgranted by our loved ones, unable to engage our faith or life as deeplyas we wish. other times, we may be the emboldened martha whosought, questioned, and ultimately affirmed her faith in christ. whatsteps will we take? what portion will we choose?
returning to the commemoration of nicaea, a different question may be on your mind: “why does nicaea have any thing to do with ecumenism”? you would be reasonable inthinking this way. the first ecumenical council occurred at a time when there was one church (denomination), despite the diversity in local and regional customs, language, traditions, culture, and so forth (thus the original meaning of “ecumenical,” in the sense of having representation from across the “whole world”). nicaea solidified the primary tenets of the christian faith into dogma. the first section of the creed completed at nicaea was a concretization of the ancient baptismal formula, including affirmation of faith in the undivided holy trinity, three unique persons in one divine essence. the belief in christ becoming incarnate to the virgin mary, suffering, dying, and being buried remain critical pillars of all christian churches through the centuries of schism that followed.
likewise, as the creed goes on, the mutually held belief and dogma that christ rose on the third day, ascended into heaven, and will come again in glory to judge the living and the dead remains a fixed point of convergence to this day. while language has varied across denominations (especially through the interpolation of the once-bitterly-divisive filioque), this too has been resolved through many national and international dialogues. the compound word filioque (meaning “and the son”) has ultimately given way to dialogue that has not only proven fruitful, but has helped to tear down theological and denominational walls that were fixed for centuries. 
the first ecumenical council created a precedent for the world that faith and dogma would be upheld by the church in spite of division, heresy, geography, culture, practice, and socio-political differences. the dogma sure rounding the holy trinity, the natures of christ, and the relationship between creation and the uncreated essence of the triune god has not only survived 1700 years, but has been in the beating hearts of nearly all of the 2.3 billion christians worldwide, not to mention the multitude that has gone before us through seventeen centuries.  
the faithful of most christian communions have been baptized in a trinitarian formula, honoring aspectsof the doctrinal teachings that come from the nicene constantinopolitan creed (as it is known in the orthodox church since the creed was revised at the second ecumenical council almost sixty years later) and as well as both recognizing and honoring the humanity and divinity of christ. the church has been blessed to have a relation ship with god through each person of the holy trinity – for many, most easily through the humanity of christ. knowing that our god was born in the flesh and bore the human experience – joy, sadness, physical pain and suffering, a hard day’s work, human relationships both positive and negative (including his mother, the disciples, the scribes, the pharisees, and all those who reviled him) – we can permanently have a personal and communal connection with god!
the first ecumenical council created a precedent for the worldthat faith and dogma would be upheld by the church in spiteof division, heresy, geography, culture, practice, and socio-political differences.
the connection of our faith to this relationality will be expressed eloquently and poetically in the eight days of prayer and meditation in the upcoming wpcu. the communal prayer at the start of the week of prayer gives us the opportunity for an ecumenical encounter with our sisters and brothers in christ, through a common aspect we all share: prayer. this is expounded upon by a week of personal prayer and reflection, giving each individual time to connect to the readings, prayers, wisdom from the fathers of the church (east and west) as well as to taste a flavor of various christian traditions that the writing and editingteam is blessed to represent, hoping to connect with those others to which we do not directly belong.
i am a firm believer in the fact that all christians can be theologians, thereby understanding, actualizing, and teaching the roots of our faith and practice to others by a very simple litmus test: do you live the gospel? theological training – such as parochial school, christian secondary education, seminary, or being part of a religious community – is helpful, but even among those trained in these ways, the faith and teachings are too easily boiled down to subjects to cram, memorize, and soon forget without ever being putinto action. matters of faith and practice have to go hand in hand, or they remain incomplete.
we’ve all heard the old saying that there is no atheist in the foxhole, but how is this applicable to most christians? while many of us have never been to, or will not go into the battle field, we face adversity to the faith and a christian life from the moment we arise in the morning until the moment we go tosleep. whether it be through family or work relationships, the classroom, social media, political dissension, we have opportunities to live our faith, and so to preserve that which was up held in doctrine since nicaea in 325 ad. we are called to bear witness – that is, a martyrdom (for the greek word for witnessis martys/martyros) that requires not a physical wounding or death, but rather a spiritual death to our old being, thus becoming more alive in christ (as most of our baptismal services call to mind). we are called to carry our cross, help those in need, care for the sick, the suffering, the captives, work towards our and our sisters’ and brothers’ salvation, and ultimately be found worthy to be called his children.
no one, not even christ himself, said that a christian life would be easy. however, through his life, sacrifice,resurrection, ascension, and opening of salvation for all to attain, a life in him is all we could hope for, and more. let us remember the efforts, the sacrifices, the desire for unity of faith for which our forebears worked tirelessly – both to preserve the doctrinal/dogmatic teachings of nicaea, and to carry the torch forward into the future. to conclude, i want to leave you with the prayer/petition that precedes therecitation of the nicene-constantinopolitan creed at every orthodox divine liturgy:
“let us love one another, so that with oneness of mind we may confess.”
let us remember the efforts, the sacrifices, the desire for unityof faith for which our forebears worked tirelessly – both to preservethe doctrinal/dogmatic teachings of nicaea, and to carry the torchforward into the future.
ecumenical trendseditor, dr. aaron hollander n associate editor, rev. james loughran, sa n book review editor, dr. jakob rinderknecht n assistant to the editors, ms. elisabeth costa n ecumenical trends, 475 riverside drive, rm. 1960, new york, ny 10115 n business and subscription office, graymoor ecumenical & interreligious institute, po box 333, garrison, ny 10524-0333. manuscripts sent to the editor should be prepared in or readable by microsoft word. submit texts via e-mail to ecutrends@geii.org. ecumenicaltrends is published six times a year (bimonthly) by graymoor ecumenical & interreligious institute. ecumenical trends is a member of the associated church press and the catholic media association. this periodical is indexed in the catholic periodical and literature index (cpli), a product of the american theological library association, 300 s. wacker dr., suite 2100, chicago, il 60606, usa; email tla@atla.com; website www.atla.com. subscription rates: print and digital version, us domestic $30.00 usd/1 yr; $55.00 usd/2 yrs. international $42.00 usd/1 yr.; $77.00 usd/2yrs. digital version only: $15.00/ 1 yr. bulk rates are available upon request. address for subscriptions: graymoor ecumenical & interreligious institute, po box 333, garrison, ny 10524-0333 (issn 0360 9073). periodicals postage paid at garrison, ny 10524 and additional mailing offices. website: www.geii.org 










fr. george mclean, omi, evangelizer and dialoguer

  posted on august 10, 2023 by harry winter, o.m.i.
  leave a comment



we are grateful to fr. charles hurkes, omi, for forwarding the 64 letters of condolences from dr. hu yeping. click here for a slightly edited version, where the many cc e-mails have been deleted. a personal remembrance of fr. mclean: after his year of study in cairo, egypt, concerning islamic religious thought (1991), he wrangled an invitation to address the mullahs (scholars of islamic religion) in the holy city of qom, iran. he was the first non-islamic scholar, and the first christian, to do so. he entered the lecture hall with some fear, and immediately sensed the hostility of the mullahs.

oblate of mary, with a passport to heaven
he related to a group of us when the oblate center for mission studies, washington, dc (1994-1999) and his center for research in values and philosophy (see 8th item below) were working closely together, that all of a sudden, an expression from our oblate spirituality came to mind: to be an oblate of mary immaculate is to have “a passport to heaven.” he remembered that this is also a revered islamic expression.
so he introduced himself as an “oblate of mary, with a passport to heaven,” and the mullahs expressions all changed from one of hostility to welcome. this was one of fr. mclean’s many gifts, to take an expression from one religion and adapt it to another, showing the unity of values.

for more on fr. george mclean and the center for research in values and philosophy, click these links: 
understanding the signs of our times
fr. george mclean, omi bio










five ways – dec 24

  posted on january 3, 2025 by harry winter, o.m.i.
  leave a comment



december 30,  2024
first, as plans are made for the funeral of president jimmy carter, may we remember him as a devout southern baptist who taught sunday school for many years.  when the southern baptists turned fundamentalist, he fought with all his energy to return them to being evangelical and ecumenical.
second, some joy for the new year, from the late catholic humorist erma bombeck (1927-96):  new year’s resolutions.  1.  i’m going to clean up this dump as soon as the kids grow up.  2.  i will go to no doctor whose office plants have died. 3.  i will never lend my car to anyone i have given birth to. 4. and just like last year: i am going to remember that my children need love the most when they deserve it the least.
third, from pope francis’ urbe and orbe (to the city and world) christmas message: “the mystery that never ceases to amaze and move us was renewed this night:  the virgin mary gave birth to jesus, the son of god, wrapped him in swaddling clothes and laid him in a manger. . . .this event, which took place over two thousand years ago, is indeed made new thanks to the holy spirit. . . . this is the meaning of the holy door of the jubilee, which i opened last night here in st. peter’s basilica:  it represents jesus, the door of salvation open for all. . . . as pilgrims of hope, let us go out to meet him!” (the entire, short, 2 full-page inspiring message may be found on the website “the holy see, vatican,” papal messages, dec. 25 and is well worth reading).
each diocese and every parish will be having special events during the holy year of 2025; please consult them to grow in our faith. 
especially during the christmas season, which lasts until the epiphany of jan. 5, 2025, let us invite those who do not attend to join us at sunday mass. the holy spirit, through the beauty of the season, is attracting them and needs our help.
many thanks to those who commented on the nov. 12 five ways.  may we all have a blessed, happy and holy new year!
fr. harry winter, o.m.i. 










2025 rvp annual seminar

  posted on january 3, 2025 by chuck michel
  leave a comment





information, subscription: cua-rvp@cua.edu; www.crvp.org
—for information and subscription, contact: cua-rvp@cua.edu; www.crvp.orgto unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to rvp-council+unsubscribe@cua.edu.










five ways – nov 24

  posted on november 12, 2024 by harry winter, o.m.i.
  leave a comment



november 12,  2024
here are some more insights from children, to deepen our sense of joy.  children science exam answers (real answers):  q.  name the four seasons.  a.  salt, pepper, mustard and vinegar. q. explain the processes by which water can be made safe to drink. a. flirtation makes water safe to drink because it removes large pollutants like grit, sand, dead sheep and canoeists. q.  how is dew formed? a. the sun shines down on the leaves and makes them perspire. (many thanks to the late fr. gil boucher, o.m.i.).
as we approach thanksgiving, please keep your eyes open for ecumenical services.  ours here in georgetown, ma will be hosted by the local mormon community on tuesday evening, nov. 26, the first time it has been the host church.  these ecumenical services either on or just before thanksgiving day bring together people who do not usually worship together.  i welcome hearing about these events.
my thanks to fr. seamus finn, o.m.i. for sending me the attached item about one building serving christians, jews and muslims.  pope francis is encouraging us to know and appreciate the three abrahamic faiths.
https://www.vaticannews.va/en/pope/news/2024-10/pope-francis-receives-abrahamic-family-house-delegation-in-vatic.html
many thanks to those who commented on the october 15 five ways.
in christ’s love,
fr. harry winter, o.m.i. 










five ways – oct 24

  posted on october 15, 2024 by harry winter, o.m.i.
  leave a comment



october 15,  2024
please pardon the silence during september.  the priest i assist was out of the usa during august and september, getting his visa updated.  covering for him has delayed this monthly e-letter.
many thanks to those who commented on the august19, 2024 e-letter.  with many people stressed out over the wars between russia and the ukraine, and between israel and hamas, and the upcoming november elections, here is some humor and joy from children in church, as related by the late fr. gil boucher o.m.i., in his book father gloat gleanings:  children explain scripture.  “it was a miracle when jesus rose from the dead and managed to get the tombstone off the entrance.  the people who followed the lord were called the 12 decibels.  the epistels were the wives of the apostels.”
the synod on synodality is meeting in rome during october.  pope francis has increased the number of fraternal delegates representing the non-catholic christian churches, from 12 to 16.  these new, four are from the patriarchate of alexandria and all of africa, the syrian orthodox patriarchate of antioch, the lutheran world federation, and the world mennonite conference. the 16 are not observers, but full members without voting privilege. it is very difficult to discover their actual names and country of origin.  i welcome any information about this.
pope francis asked all catholics to pray the rosary with him on monday, oct. 7, for peace in the world and the success of the synod.  and he reminded us that october is the month of mary’s holy rosary.  mary is the best patron of evangelization, ecumenism and dialogue with other religions. you may see more about this by pulling up the mud website (www.harrywinter.org) and opening the page on mary.
in christ’s love,
fr. harry










five ways of christianity after 20 years, even more important

  posted on august 19, 2024 by chuck michel
  leave a comment



twenty years ago, i explained that every christian has a favorite way, a secondary way, and one that is repulsive.  this can make evangelization difficult or easier.  in the past 20 years, each of the five ways has increased in power and influence.  we need to be familiar with the five ways even more than ever.  

click the link below to download a pdf copy of the second edition.  
fiveways2ndedition2024download












five ways – aug 24

  posted on august 19, 2024 by harry winter, o.m.i.
  leave a comment



august 19,  2024
in our july five ways, i included bishop robert barron’s rejection of the way the olympic opening ceremony insulted the last supper.  our first item below is from our oblate of mary seamus finn, giving another view also criticizing the olympic organizers.
let us remember that the time from aug. 15, mary’s assumption, to aug. 22, her queenship, reminds us that she is the mother of evangelization, christian unity, and interfaith dialogue.  the website mission-unity-dialogue has a special page about this: www.harrywinter.org.
attached are three items regarding families where one parent is catholic, and another belongs to a different christian church.  mine is 9 pages long; the other 3 are much shorter.  i welcome your comments on this increasing trend, which is challenging to many in all christian churches.
including religion as a core part of dei is the trend
dear seamus finn,
a performance during the opening ceremony for the 2024 paris olympics triggered a backlash as many saw a sketch meant to promote diversity, equity and inclusion (dei) as being offensive and biased. many took the sketch to be a parody of the last supper of christ, which organizers denied being the intent.
paris 2024 spokesperson anne descamps apologized on sunday for those offended by the scene. “clearly there was never an intention to show disrespect to any religious group. on the contrary, i think (with) thomas jolly [the ceremony’s artistic director], we really did try to celebrate community tolerance,” descamps said. “… if people have taken any offense, we are, of course, really, really sorry.”
jolly said that religious subversion had never been his intention. “we wanted to talk about diversity. diversity means being together. we wanted to include everyone, as simple as that.”
however, rather than being avant-garde and inclusive, the olympic organizers appear to be behind the curve when it comes to dei — what they purportedly were trying to promote. the latest data show a significant surge in fortune 500 companies including religion as part of their dei initiatives, which helps them avoid such offensive and costly mistakes (one olympic sponsor has already withdrawn in reaction to the sketch).
indeed, the world’s biggest companies are embracing religiously inclusive workplaces at a faster pace than ever before, according to the 2024 corporate religious equity, diversity & inclusion (redi) index and monitor, which we released in may. the redi report finds that 429 (85.8%) fortune 500 companies now mention or illustrate religion as part of their broader commitment to diversity, more than double the number in 2022 (202 companies, or 40.4%). according to the redi index, accenture and american airlines are the most faith-friendly global fortune 500 companies.
perhaps the olympic organizers have some things to learn from companies that are getting dei.
interchurch families: problem or gift

winter-changes in marriage
connell-walking the path to christian unity 1
vernon-journey
woodruff-personal journey

many thanks to all who commented on the july 30 five ways e-letter.
in christs love,
fr. harry










five ways – july 24

  posted on august 9, 2024 by harry winter, o.m.i.
  leave a comment



july 30, 2024
many thanks to those who commented on the june 21 five ways.  first, let us continue with christian joy, remembering that the holy spirit is the source of joy. a rabbi said to a precocious six year old boy “so your mother says your prayers for you each night?  very commendable.  what does she say?”  the child replied “thank god he’s in bed.” (from the late gil boucher, o.m.i.).
secondly, let us look at the changing papacy. the vatican dicastery for promoting christian unity produced a 146-page document, approved by pope francis, “the bishop of rome,” on june 13, 2024.  much of it concerns the responses to st. john paul ii’s offer to all christians  to see if the pope “may accomplish a service of love recognized by all concerned.”  st. john paul made this invitation in his encyclical ut unum sint (that all may be one) of may 25, 1995, #95.
many responses were received and answered.  this document summarizes them and continues the effort to moderate the papacy so it may be of use to other christians, both the eastern churches not in union with rome, and the protestant churches. when our bishops and theologians met at the second vatican council (1962-65), they completed the process begun at the first vatican council (1869-70), to promote collegiality with bishops and the pope acting together.  then the recent effort of synodality means that every baptized catholic has a role of leadership to exercise with the clergy.
how to keep the best of the essential role of the pope, along with new responsibilities?  or to put it another way, as pope francis did, quoted in #135 of “the bishop of rome:”  “excessive centralization (of the papacy), rather than proving helpful, complicates the church’s life and her missionary outreach.” as a true reformer (the third of the five ways of christianity), pope francis is committed to keeping what is essential in the role of the pope, and to reaching out to update the papacy according to the needs of the times.  no wonder he asks us to pray to the holy spirit for him! more about this document in the august five ways.
thirdly, when we watch the olympics, let us praise god for the beauty which ultimately comes from the father, son and holy spirit. there is some controversy regarding what many thought to be an offensive reference to the last supper during the july 26 opening ceremony. bishop robert barron observed that it is now open season on christianity (google him for his complete statement).
as the olympics continue, may see see the miracle of modern technology, enabling us to watch the olympics on our tv.  our delight and our ability to enjoy the olympics is  rooted in god’s power and love which is bestowed on the human race.
in christ’s love,
fr. harry












five ways – june 24

  posted on june 23, 2024 by harry winter, o.m.i.
  leave a comment



june 21, 2024
many thanks to those who commented on the may 20 five ways. first, let us continue with christian joy, remembering that the holy spirit is the source of joy. dad was listening to his child say his prayer “dear harold.” dad interrupted and asked “how come you call god “harold”? the little boy replied “we say our father who art in heaven, harold be thy name.” another child prayed “and forgive us our trash baskets as we forgive those who put trash in our baskets” (from the late fr. gil boucher, o.m.i.).
secondly, it is important to pass on to our young people what happened 80 years ago june 6, 1944, d-day, when 9,837 american soldiers died on the beaches of normandy, france. bishop jacques habert of bayeux-lisieux, whose diocese includes normandy, said “the church is keen to pass on the duty of remembrance we owe to those who gave their lives at the time of the d-day landings, especially to young people.” he spent all of june 6, 2024 with young people, listening to speakers.
on the evening of june 5, bishop habert welcomed a british delegation to the bayeux cathedral, including princess anne, sister of the british monarch, for an ecumenical liturgy with representatives of the anglican (episcopalian) communion. let us not hesitate to share with our young people what occurred on june 6, 1944.
and finally, we have an ecumenist, nathan ammon smith, declaring that the ecumenical winter is over, an ecumenical spring is developing, bonded with evangelization. each of the christian churches possesses features which the other does not have, and needs. all are on a pilgrimage of hope, led by the holy spirit. smith sees the ecumenical spring because the christian churches are now more eager to receive and be transformed by their sister christian churches, for the sake of bringing the complete jesus to our troubled world.
you may find nathan ammon smith’s article “receptive ecumenism as evangelization” on pages 14/70 – 19/75 in the current issue of ecumenical trends linked here – https://ecutrends.geii.org/members/issues_pdf/may_jun_24/trends_may_jun_2024.pdf
in christ’s love,
fr. harry winter, o.m.i.












five ways – may 24

  posted on may 20, 2024 by harry winter, o.m.i.
  leave a comment



may 20, 2024
please note my e-mail has changed. it seems the old one still works.
on sunday, may 19, sixty minutes interviewed pope francis in a very intriguing 20-minute section. if you google “60 minutes overtime, interviewing pope francis,” you will find some very important insights about his papacy. i welcome hearing from you about it.
the gospel for may 19, pentecost sunday, explains jesus breathing on the apostles to give them the holy spirit for the forgiveness of sins. please notice that god breathed on the first human beings and the entire garden of eden at the beginning of creation (gn. 2:7). so, as we repair the harm we have done to our planet, we need the breath of the holy spirit to help us ensure a healthy creation all around us.
may 21 is the feast day of st. eugene de mazenod, founder of the missionary oblates of mary immaculate. may the entire de mazenodian family rejoice.
two humorous items from the late father gil boucher, o.m.i., to continue easter joy. 1) i had been teaching my three-year-old daughter the lord’s prayer. for several evenings at bedtime, she would repeat after me the lines from the prayer. finally, she decided to go solo. i listened with pride as she carefully enunciated each word right up to the end of the prayer: “lead us not into temptation,” she prayed, “but deliver us some e-mail. amen.” 2) some people are kind, polite, and sweet-spirited until you try to get into their pews or their favorite church parking spot.
many thanks to all who commented on the april 16 e-letter.
fr. winter










1
2
3
…
8
» 










search





recent posts


week of prayer for christian unity 2025


five ways – dec 24


2025 rvp annual seminar


home
christian joy
dialogue/islam
eastern christianity
eucharistic hospitality
family/laity
five ways book/fellowship
mary & unity
oblate missiologists
pope francis
vatican 2 & ecumenism
synod ’23
secularism
synodality and oblates
archive
contact us
united states province website
archives

january 2025
november 2024
october 2024
august 2024
june 2024
may 2024
april 2024
march 2024
february 2024
january 2024
december 2023
november 2023
october 2023
september 2023
august 2023
july 2023
june 2023
may 2023
april 2023
march 2023
february 2023
january 2023
september 2022
august 2022
july 2022
june 2022
may 2022
april 2022
march 2022
february 2022
january 2022
december 2021
november 2021
october 2021
september 2021
july 2021
june 2021
may 2021
april 2021
march 2021
february 2021
january 2021
may 2016
january 2016
april 2015

 
















copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved · fr. harry winter




























