



	college of education | depaul university, chicago









































































you may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. please enable scripts and reload this page.






                turn on more accessible mode
            



                turn off more accessible mode
            



                skip ribbon commands
            



                skip to main content
            



                turn off animations
            



                turn on animations
            









academic resourcesacademic calendaracademic catalogacademic successbluem@il (email)campus connectdesire2learn (d2l)libraryonedepaulcampus resourcescampus securitybookstorecampus mapseventsuniversity resourcesdirectoryathleticsemploymentsites a-ztechnology help deskinformation foralumni & friendscurrent studentsfaculty & staff





depaul universitydepaul universitycollege of educationeducation





depaul shortcuts





submit search








submit search










college of education
aboutacademicsadmission & aidfaculty & staffstudent resourcesapply


aboutacademicsadmission & aidfaculty & staffstudent resourcesrequest infoapply

depaul shortcuts

academic resourcesacademic calendaracademic catalogacademic successbluem@il (email)campus connectdesire2learn (d2l)libraryonedepaulcampus resourcescampus securitybookstorecampus mapseventsuniversity resourcesdirectoryathleticsemploymentsites a-ztechnology help deskinformation foralumni & friendscurrent studentsfaculty & staff


apply online
request info
visit campus








about
message from the deanmission and historystatement of support and commitmentalumni & professional partnerscenters & initiativesillinois title ii reporteventsacademics
undergraduategraduate programscombined degree programsonline degrees and programscertificates, licensure & endorsementsdepartmentsadmission & aid
undergraduate admissionundergraduate aidgraduate admissiongraduate aidscholarshipsfaculty & staff
faculty a-zadministration & staffstudent resources
advising officeacademic success centerinternshipsfield experience & student teachingstudent supportpolicies, forms & handbooksrequest infoapply


































        college of education
    





./publishingimages/coe_home03.jpgchange starts here.change starts here.imageheaderlinktextimageheaderlinkurlrandomimageheader550
    c

  






main content
at depaul’s college of education (coe), we believe passionately in the power of education to solve societal problems—one student, one classroom, one organization, one community at a time.




   

undergraduate degrees
choose from a variety of undergraduate majors that prepare you to play a role in creating compassionate, intellectually vibrant and socially just educational environments. 
majors & minors 



   

graduate programs
explore unique graduate programs in education designed to advance your goals and enhance your impact through authentic experiences—an optimal blend of theory and practice in and outside the classroom.
graduate programs 



world-class city, world-class experience
at depaul, you’ll hone your skills, build your knowledge and expand your perspective in chicago, an exciting urban environment with true cultural, ethnic and economic diversity.



  

dedicated to developing tomorrow’s educators
distinguished coe faculty place the highest priority on doing what they do best—teaching—while incorporating original research and the latest technologies into the curriculum.
learn more 



college of education enrollment




  430

undergraduate 
                           students 






923

graduate 
                           students 


45

countries 
                           represented 







alumni network
depaul education graduates are well-connected to an alumni network of nearly 
            16,500—nearly 
            12,500 living in illinois. 


a vibrant community of difference-makers
 join a depaul alumni community that spans all 
            50 states—more than 
            5,000 coe graduates working as teachers, principals and administrators in 
            the chicago area alone.



reach out and engage with the world
you’ll have unique opportunities to participate in a wide range of 
               centers, institutes and initiatives that will inspire, inform and energize your passion for education.



rewarding, important work
depaul-educated teachers, counselors and administrators are in demand and changing the world through education. every year, the percentage of coe graduates working in their chosen field is in the high 90s.
experience coe for yourself
admission events and campus visits are great ways to get a direct sense of what depaul’s college of education is all about. you’ll meet faculty members, explore academic opportunities and learn about our unique learning philosophy and environment.
visit depaulattend graduate admission events
want to know more?
about the collegeacademic majors & degreesadmission information 





 our commitment to anti-discrimination 
we write today as one voice guided by the values of st. vincent de paul that uphold the dignity of all people. in this spirit, the college of education is working to challenge systemic racism and to dismantle white supremacy.

read full statement 











​


















college of education




2247 n. halsted st.chicago, il 60614(773) 325-7740education@depaul.edu





apply
request info
visit 










2001-2018 depaul university | disclaimer | contact us | emergency plan | consumer information | ibhe complaints | privacy statement | editor login










                    
                    
                    
                    
    college of education

                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                









