



albion design - unique and creative designs for print and web
















communications specialists - since 1981- 





 custom designed
   holiday cards


revitalization dreams

contact us about your custom cards & art


our work takes time and relies on creativity to showcase our clients.  this scene for falco construction shows a scene in central park that seems real, but was really an invention.
       
      click the arrow at the bottom of this image or  here to preview another custom holiday card.




this view overlooking the new york skyline was created for falco construction to commemorate their 50th anniversary. the owner wanted a scene that would be a keepsake, to honor her parents who founded the company.
    
    
     the next card features a special place  at rockefeller center.  




this view shows an early stage of development of the art when we begin by pasting together many photos into a fantasy view.  this is a scene of rockefeller center created for falco construction.    learn more at customcorporatecards.com  or  close  to see the rest of this page.
    
    



family business custom art






quite often our clients have art or photos that they want to have customized into a larger design.  in this holiday card for alma college, the president's son had created some fine art for a card and our assignment was to incorporate this art into a portrait of the the chapel on campus.  the final art was very welcoming for the holidays.
  
      click the arrow at the bottom of this image or  here to preview another custom holiday card.




we also did a scene for alma college on a previous year using art from the young artists.  this project was a lot of fun and had a lot of surprises along the way.
    
    
     the next card features a special place  at albion college.  




here is a rough draft of a winter scene of wesley hall at albion college.  this scene shows the freshmen students coming and going to class and was created for the office of admission.
    
    
     the next card features a special place  at albion college.  




albion college admission office commissioned these cards to invite new students and to keep in contact with alumni.  the original view was summer with many overhead wires, and a fire hydrant.  learn more at customcorporatecards.com  or  close  to see the rest of this page.
    
    



college cards to be remembered

steps to create your custom art and cards





southern michigan bank and trust wanted to send a custom holiday card that showed their office and a touch of the holiday season.  they wanted a simple design, and they wanted their cards printed on a quality heavy stock.  this is a photo of an actual card.  these types of cards have a deckle (feathered) edge at the bottom of each card, and on the matching envelopes.
  
  see the  next slide for the inside of this card. 




 you can see from this image that this type of card, printed on strathmore pastelle stock, has a wonderful texture. it also has a hefty feel to it, and conveys attention a personal touch.
  
  
  see the  next slide for the back of this card.




the backs of our unique cards are a spot where you can place your business logo, a mission statement or a short history. you can also have us print something like a short history on the inside top of your custom cards.  these cards are printed on acid free stock for longevity.
    
    more cards are displayed in the next mini gallery.
     
  
close  to see the rest of this page.



custom greeting cards


 web design


albion healthcare


 

about the founder

      
      maggie lanoue 
 




maggie has been a full time professional artist creating   portraits of businesses and homes since 1980.  her work began with hand drawn pen and ink, oil paintings, and english watercolor.  



 
 resources: 
customcorporatecards.com
michiganprints.com
sustainable communities
albionmich.net
marshallmich.net

 
 
farm portraits







michigan prints

see maggie's art of michigan landmarks, nostalgia and nature at michigan prints.com

 

see prints of albion 




albionmich.net


 local web marketing program



  we are the publishers of generalguide.net, that has been published since january 2014. the purpose of albionmich.net is to demonstrate the quality of life in the greater albion area and surrounding communities along the mid i-94 corridor. click here to see past editions of the general guide. 
    
  

general guide 
contact us about our annual web marketing program





more samples of our work 







this brochure was designed for the albion community foundation to facilitate fundraising and build membership for a theatre restoration project.  we used photos of architectural elements as part of the design of the brochure, such as the columns.
  
  
   
    
     see the inside of this brochure on   the next slide..  






this is the inside of the bohm theatre brochure. we used an image of theatre curtains and seats as the margin space, and some of the theatre's original fixtures were featured as highlights.  the friends of the bohm theatre received hundreds of thousands of dollars of grants to restore this special building.
    
 
    
     
    
    the next slide depicts  another membership brochure project.... the wilder creek conservation club brochure.   





this is the inside of the wilder creek conservation club brochure. the purpose of this brochure was to increase membership and also to be an introduction to educational groups and corporations. this brochure was made possible through a grant from the non profit alliance in battle creek and assisted wccc in obtaining a very large corporate donation when there was an environmental accident in the area.  we worked with the executive committee showing proofs over the internet to be sure that the final printed piece would be special and would not be dated in a year or two. see a pdf (1.8 mb) of the entire wccc brochure, including the hand drawn maps.
   
    the next slide shows  a brochure featuring arts and culture in albion. 





albion community foundation wanted to create a brochure that would highlight the arts in albion, and point to several other web sites that would have more information.  this brochure was also designed to be timeless with no dated information.  the cover of the brochure was a montage of many images, include images from a mural that we also helped to design.  the day after this brochure was mailed out, the foundation received quite a few phone calls with compliments on the piece.  
    
     
   see a   brochure design that helped to market a children's museum.  





kids 'n' stuff regularly draws thousands of young people by the bus loads to its location in albion.  the founders of the project had a vision, and in order to share the vision, and to keep it funded, the print materials needed to reflect the fun, the education, and the color of the location.  they also needed a custom designed map so people would be able to find "kns."
    
    
    
         close  this section on brochure designs.



brochure design





 how we work
we capture what is unique about your business or community.
you are a part of the creative process.

     you see your work in progress over the web.

contact us about your web site and web marketing





archives:      

about us
custom historic art
centennial business portraits

overview of albion design projects
 
 















 


 corporate holiday cards for stanmore contractors near london     this holiday card project was done from afar and combined new art we created just for this view, plus work from photos from our client, past work we had done, photos of the london skyline, the dartford crossing from the south side of the thames, google earth and google street view.  our client wanted to showcase the various types of work that they do, and the people who do the work. they wanted us to capture their signature audi company cars, and their style sheet thoughout the card design. we brainstormed together by email to make the imaginary scene, based on a true story, come alive.  we were able to get the job done early enough to ship the cards overseas in time for mailing from their home office.    

   click the arrow at the bottom of this image or  here to see another contractor holiday card, this one for a new york client.







as our clients businesses grow, the custom holiday card design can adapt to reflect what is changing.  

   click the arrow at the bottom of this image or  here to see custom holiday cards for the detroit riverfront conservancy.
               






as our clients businesses grow, the custom holiday card design can adapt to reflect what is changing.  

   click the arrow at the bottom of this image or  here to see custom holiday cards for the detroit riverfront conservancy.
               






detroit riverfront series of holiday cards showcases their revilization near the renaissance center.  
 
               
             click the arrow at the bottom of this image or  here to see custom holiday cards for falco construction in new york.
               






 this card design portrayed falco construcion company's largest project to date, right next to the manhattan bridge in new york. 
                
               
             click the arrow at the bottom of this image or  here to see another fun holiday card project.
               




 we created a series of special holiday cards for architect tim haahs of philadelphia.  this view of sugar house hotel was made extra festive with our holiday magic art transformation.
               
             click the arrow at the bottom of this image or  here to see another custom card created featuring a building designed by timhaahs.
               




these custom cards feature a building called "the wave" that was designed by timhaahs.
                 
                 to see yet another holiday card created for the detroit riverfront conservancy click here. 





cullen plaza in detroit - with a view of canada in the distance.
                 
                 the another view of a chilly day in new york is next!   





we created special cards for bethpage federal credit union in bethpage new york.  to learn more, contact us! click on the art or on the x to close this window.
              
               




               front of card 2012 
             this scene is the beautiful new remick heritage center for performing arts. each year we also include drawings by the president's children who are budding artists.  we had their drawings of the manger scene, and santa with his reindeer.  we used our photoshop skills to get the right angle of the building, at the right time of day and right time of year, then added the crowd arriving.  none of those items were in any of the photos as shown. so we like to work with our clients to make the view that they envision.  you can see more cards of alma and other clients at customcorporatecards.com 
            you can see the inside of this card and the back of this card by clicking here!   




we are showing some actual scans of cards so you can see the texture of the strathmore pastelle cover stock that we print many of our cards on. we work with you to develop a custom greeting for your cards.
                 
                 
                 the back of this card is also interesting!   




we are showing some actual scans of cards so you can see the texture of the strathmore pastelle cover stock that we print many of our cards on. we work with you to develop a custom greeting for your cards.
                 
                 
                 the back of this card is also interesting!   




this is the back of the same card showing the youth artists and credits to all artists.  when people order custom cards, they often like to customize not only the front of the card, and the message inside, but also the backs of the cards, and even the inside top flap. our clients usually come back for more custom cards from year to year due to the response they get from the recipients of the cards.  you can see more cards of alma and other clients at customcorporatecards.com  or  close  to see the rest of this page.
                 
               



stanmore contractors in erith, england custom holiday cards tell about  the special touches of their work and people.  
        click on art to read the story.


your holiday cards tell a story.

      we like to work for businesses that have been around for a while, for people who do their work because they love it. there is usually a story or two in there, some history, some family members who have some things to contribute. there are usually some special little things, things that might be represented by a photo, a story or a sketch. 

it's fun is to discover what means the most to the people who own the business - why they are there. we like to  craft a design - a web site, or some art, to bring out the beauty so the rest of the world can see it. we might add flourishes to our designs, a blue print, some leaves, a little dog, just something to let the eyes rest on.
what is the purpose of your communication? we might reflect on the reasons why your business wants a web site, is it to get sales? or is it perhaps to honor the underlying mission of what you do? is it to provide hospitality to those visiting your community? is it to build and to carry on  a family business - to honor those who are no longer there? perhaps it is to provide the means for other businesses and entreprenuers to grow. from these things, sales do grow. 
we start our work from the inside out, and we do fuss a little bit on the details. people tend to come back after they hear the thank you's and compliments on their cards or web designs. your ideas start the ball rolling; you are really the creator of your cards, or your web site. you just give us enough to get going, and some feedback as we create. you'll see your vision take form, and we will be sure everything works well and prints well and that your schedule is met also. we care about little things that you might not even know about, like search engine optimization, backups, and that tiny image in the address bar of your browser, and smooth navigation for your site. this does take some time, but it is a labor of love.
as you click on the galleries in the sidebars, you will see a small sampling of the work that we have done since our early days of business. when we started our business full time, we worked with ink pens, oil paints and rubber cement. we were early adapters to the web, creating web sites in 1995. we are still learning too. it makes us feel really good when your business looks good on the web or in print. we look forward to hearing what it is that you would like to create.




 new from albion design: see holiday cards of community renovations
and business growth - revitalization dreams.

contact us for more information about 
      a custom art / card project.
      contact us about the annual web marketing program.





this custom card was designed by michigan artist maggie lanoue to depict the cullen family carousel that graces the detroit riverfront.   
              this art was created by combining dozens of photos, redrawing details of the animal seats, and softening background areas to bring the eye to a focal point on the scene.
              we "hand painted" snow, brushstroke texture and lights to capture not only the details, but the mystery of the unseen moods.  
              visit the detroit riverfront conservancy to see more of this series of custom holiday cards created by maggie.
                
                
                
                close  this pop up image.

 detroit riverfront conservancy holiday cards
                




 




 





looking 
                  for something? now you can use our search engine to help you find it. 

                you can look for  products we offer, including invitations, holiday 
                cards, 
                web sites we've designed,
                michigan 
                prints  
                and much 
                more!
                




search 
                        this site powered by freefind






 
 






back to the top
all art copyright 2023 albion design / maggie lanoue

          artist's copyright statement 


contact us








      


     |  


    custom holiday cards for corporations  |   
	
	
	 back to the top





