









english mastiffs






island
   west mastiffs




old english mastiff 
   puppy breeder.
        top mastiff kennel. breeder of quality show dogs and healthy,
 well   socialized puppies for family pets.

 





   what is a mastiff


   mastiff links


 about us


 planned puppyhood


 our guarantee




 our dogs


  photos


   mastiff 
         store


memorial page


 back to index






yes, we have old english
   mastiff pups for sale .

 click this link to see old english mastiff
puppies    for sale.
http://mastiff25.tripod.com/



 the web link above
   will answer questions such as
how much dose a  mastiff puppy cost.
what pups dose island west mastiffs have available for sale.
 where can i see pictures of the mastiff puppies.
mastiff breed standard .
mastiff history .
how to find a mastiff  kennel or breeder. 

















(can,intl ch.auroja slow bear kara. cgc.)


puppy










 






we believe we have bred some of the best mastiffs around
 and   definatly some of the most famous mastiffs in the world. our english
 mastiffs   have been featured in the new sandlot 2 movie. 
as well as in in 8 different mastiff calendars around the
 world.   and our mastiffs are featured in several published famous mastiff
 poems,  such as steadfast and true, a mastiff's heart, and come on in a
mastiff  lives  here, we have produced many show champions over the years.
      
      our mastiff boy can int, ch, west coast skipper cd, dd, ddx tt, "mcoa,dd"cgc,
   cgn, holds more titles then any other mastiff in canada. these accomplishments
   speak volumes for the quality of the mastiffs produced by island west
mastiffs.          
      but in all reality our mastiffs make the most wonderful family pets.
 we  have produced many top show dogs over the years but most of our pups
leave  here to go to loving homes as pets. we get as much pride from hearing
that  our dogs are loved and cherished by a family as we do about our dogs
winning   in canadian and american shows.

our pups are bred with size , temperament , and health in
 mind   . a mastiff puppy should first of all be a good family companion
and  also   be a good example of the breed, with large bone and good structure. 
   our mastiff pups are carefully bred from the top  american and canadian
   show and working lines .such as resolute mastiffs, greiner hall mastiffs,
   dralion mastiffs, moonstone mastiffs. groppetti, iron hills mastiffs,
bredwardine    uk united kingdom  { from england} black mask mastiffs 
netherlands    {from holland}, pallone mastiffs, blackstone mastiffs. 
our puppies   all come from health tested parents in order to produce pups
with good sound   hips, elbows, eyes and hearts.
      we have bred national  mastiff specialty winners  including 
 one  of the most titled mastiffs  of all times in canada . 
pups from our breedings have competed and won titles in
obedience    , confirmation and draft dog competition, weight pull competitions,  
   as well as temperament testing titles . we strive to produce pups with
the   true working mastiff and type in mind .
      all of our mastiffs  live in our home with us , non are kennel 
dogs,   all are our family pets.
      this restricts the number of pups we raise . all pups are raise in
our   living  room and have lots of loving personal attention right from
the first   day of birth  until they are found loving responsible homes.
      
some of the famous dogs in our pedigrees are ch. groppetti's 
  lord henry of mmrb.
      ch semper fi groppetti gargoyle ch west coast skipper tt, ddx, cgc, 
cgn,   cd.
      ch greiner hall jedadiah. ch arciniega’s sweet willie. 


we ship our puppies to any major airport in the usa 
and   canada . we are situated in ladysmith which is on vancouver island,  
  bc canada.          
      contact information
      lloyd +sharon 
       e-mail mastiff@shaw.ca

      mastiffs of island west  
      old english mastiff puppy breeder.
      of family pets.

      also check out
      mastiffs and draft work and carting web site 
http://mastiff25.tripod.com/carting


      island west mastiffs in  the new sandlot 2 movie 
 http://mastiff25.tripod.com/islandwestmastiffsonsandlot2thesonofthebeastmovieset/





 






new and exiting  breedings 
      are being planned please click on the following link for 
more  information          

              you will be re-directed








                       
                       
                                            





 puppies will be available  ,email 
      or call 250-722-3911 after 6pm pacific time






                       
                                            






 
mastiff@shaw.ca
lloyd warren/sharon medforth 
2530 greenway rd 
ladysmith,bc  
canada v9g 1e3 
(250) 722-3911







                       










                                                         





     
   






this mastiff 
  webring       site   is owned by  
sharon
   medforth
want to join the mastiff webring? 




[skip
           prev] [prev]
           [next]
           [skip
           next] [random]
           [next
           5] [list
           sites] 





 




                       
this page last updated on january 1,2006
all images
 and   writings    are the property  of  island  west mastiffs 
and may not be re-used without our   permission
   !!!!!. 

















