










home - amherst area chamber of commerce






























































  
























please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibilityskip to content















					413-253-0700				








					info@amherstarea.com				






















































































 
who we are board of directors staff directory equity & inclusion task force government affairs & policy advocacy committees connect bylaws (download)what we do membership programs & annual events annual meeting a+ awards dinner legislative breakfast golf tournament margarita madness holiday traditions reputation building sponsorships celebrating diversity & supporting local business owners gift card program business & professional development our services full events calendarjoin why join? new member applicationvisit visitor information center dining attractions shopping recreation lodging transportation amherst center parking map what’s next? greater amherst visit hampshire countyresources doing business in amherst doing business in hadley dei resources employment opportunitiesgift cardmember directorylogin








 







 

















welcome to the chamber.






proudly serving amherst, hadley, belchertown, sunderland, leverett, shutesbury, and pelham.









join today!






































building business.  building community.































about us
the mission of the amherst area chamber of commerce is to create, maintain and promote a vital, thriving business climate throughout the amherst area and to initiate and support the civic, educational, recreational and economic well being of the amherst area.












					directory				








					events				








					news				








					hot deals				








					jobs				








					join				

















new chamber members 
 































upcoming events 
 



















 
what’s next? greater amherst. tourism campaignrich gastronomy | endless outdoor adventures | iconic arts, culture, and history. what's next? greater amherst. we're ready when you are!


explore


 


 
 


 
support diverse local businessesthe chamber prides itself on celebrating diversity and fostering a culture of equity and inclusion in our workplaces. this listing of area businesses self-identified as woman, lgbtq+, or minority-owned empowers consumers to support these local businesses.


learn more


 






































meet the team



















jacob robinson 
executive director
 





































joan temkin 
visitors information center coordinator
 





























heidi flanders 
board president
 





























polina potochevska 
marketing & events coordinator
 
















































testimonial













"thank you! the leverett village co-op joining the chamber has been a wonderful way to attract more shoppers and led to our being one of the winners of the wrsi advertising contest. so exciting! the post you shared on facebook got about ten times more views than our regular posts and business increased after your email. amazing."- leverett village coop, new member, may 2020 


















platinum chamber champions
















                                peoplesbank                            














                                greenfield savings bank                            














                                umassfive                            














                                bankesb                            














                                amherst college                            














                                the mill district                            














                                umass                            













                                tommycar auto group                            





next
previous






chamber champions





















                                cooley dickinson health care                            














                                encharter insurance                            














                                hampshire hospitality group                            














                                pioneer valley hotel group                            














                                amherst innovative living                            














                                greenfield northampton cooperative bank                            














                                hampshire mall                            














                                integrity development & construction, inc.                            






next
previous











strategic partners





















                                mott                            














                                amherst downtown                            














                                business west                            














                                new england public media                            














                                visit hampshire county                            














                                women's fund of western mass                            














                                daily hampshire gazette                            














                                town of amherst                            














                                town of belchertown                            














                                town of hadley                            














                                town of sunderland                            














                                mass cultural council                            














                                community involved in sustaining agriculture                            














                                amherst survival center                            














                                big brothers big sisters                            






next
previous









 












© 2025 amherst area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












amherst area chamber of commerce










413-253-0700 










35 south pleasant street | amherst, ma 01002 










info@amherstarea.com 











































 © 

 amherst area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top



















