



the international brotherhood of magicians















































thank you! you have successfully subscribed to our newsletter.






email address*






 i.b.m. news and magic events
                        



 advertising opportunities
                        




                    subscribe
                








 
close

 



about the i.b.m.historylocal i.b.m. ringsbylaws/standing rulesboard of trusteesterritorial vice presidentsi.b.m. merchandisethe i.b.m. benevolent show programorder of merlini.b.m. contestsboard of trustees code of conduct





ring 2100why join the i.b.m.i.b.m. applicationmember benefitstestimonialsdiscounts for membersmembership flyer





the linking ring loginwhat is the linking ring?the linking ring historyadvertise in the linking ringlinking ring columnists' videosinternational president’s video messages





i.b.m. contestcancellation policyconvention hotel2025 talentlance burton teen seminar 




blog/articlesmember directoryi.b.m. endowment and development fundring resourcesroberto giobbi's intro to card magici.b.m. jamlife membershipjam videosliability insurancemembers only meeting infoi.b.m. podcasts





contact emails for i.b.m. officers










home
about
join the i.b.m.
the linking ring
convention
resources
contact



 



my account

 
 
 




advancing the art of magic
the i.b.m. has been promoting magic—and the careers of magicians—for over 90 years! members include famous magicians such as david copperfield and lance burton, plus thousands of other top professionals and enthusiastic hobbyists.
learn more about the i.b.m.



2025 convention



join us in houston for the 2025 convention!

registration is now open for the online 2025 i.b.m. convention july 9-12, 2025.
more about our convention





read our monthly journal
each 160-page issue of our members-only publication contains magic, news, reviews, and colorful feature stories. available in print and digital formats.
view the linking ring


welcome to the official website of the world's largest magical organization.
the international brotherhood of magicians is the world's largest organization dedicated to the art of magic, with members in 88 countries. since 1922, our official publication, the linking ring, has linked magicians throughout the world. hundreds of local branches of the i.b.m., or rings, meet each month. our annual convention features top professional magicians in our spectacular evening shows, while our gold medal contest for stage magic and gold cups contest for close-up magic attract some of the best up-and-coming magicians from across the globe.
the i.b.m. offers many outstanding benefits, but among the most important are your opportunities to grow in magic and to have fun with others who love the art. whether you're a professional performer or a weekend hobbyist, an intrigued college student or an avid collector, a las vegas legend, or a brand new beginner — if you love magic, you're among friends.
i personally invite you to join us, connect with others, and explore the future of magic by becoming a member of the international brotherhood of magicians.
mike dunagan, international president
 
 






learn more about the i.b.m.
sign up for i.b.m. now!
convention information
i.b.m. news & announcements
view all news posts
 
 






02
                feb                

february 1st - first i.b.m. podcast
category: blog   written by: simone marron
watch our first bi-monthly podcast read more





28
                jan                

information on february ring leadership call
category: blog   written by: simone marron
see here for information on our february 13th ring leadership call on the subject of public relations and local publicity. read more





14
                jan                

ring leadership call this thursday, january 16th!
category: blog   written by: simone marron
don't miss our january 16th ring leaders call. we will focus on sharing best practices to make 2025 the best year for your ring! read more





advertisements  -  view all









 
 











home
about
join the i.b.m.
the linking ring
convention
resources
contact



        copyright ©2005-2025 by the international brotherhood of magicians. all rights reserved
		13 point west blvd., st. charles, mo 63301-4431 usa

phone: 636.724.2400
fax: 636.724.8566

privacy policy | designed by tenth floor studios and powered by redtail


 
 





