










postal things - postal things

























































home
right hand drive kits
vehicle list
contact us












 















welcome topostal things, inc.

postal things inc. has designed and developed a safe and economical system to convert selected vehicles to right hand drive for the rural letter carrier. this system comes complete with all that is required to do the right hand drive conversion. install-it-yourself or have one of our associate distributors complete the installation for you. either way, your rhd conversion will become a very efficient rural route vehicle for the postal letter carrier. our rhd conversion kits are fully guaranteed for as long as you own your rural route vehicle so there is no need to worry when you purchase a right hand drive conversion kit from postal things, inc.
please phone or email us for more information about right hand drive conversions and news of other new products being developed for the rural postal carrier. we are also working to make right hand drive conversions and other products available for other makes and models of vehicles to be converted to rhd.





call us to order a rhd conversion kit and have it shipped to you, or come and see us and enjoy standard services with a professional installation.

call us: 800.949.5587







canadian customers:please call before ordering800.949.5587



enjoy all of our standard services:
easy access to major highway (i-75)many motels only 2 miles awaysame day turnaround on all standard conversions
we provide you with a vehicle to drive during the conversion
many tourist attractions like the tennessee aquarium, etc.
for more information or to schedule a day for your conversion:

call us: 800.949.5587

we accept: credit cards and cashier’s checks sorry, no personal checks.
our hours are 7:00 am – 2:00 pm (est)monday through friday





please click to view our right hand drive vehicle conversion list



 









postal things, inc.
the place to get your right hand drive (rhd) conversion kit!
located in cleveland, tn
phone: 800-949-5587

hours: mon -fri 7:00am – 2pm estemail: scott@postalthings.com





© 2002-2025 postal things, inc. all rights reserved.



 




















