

admin scam reporting, email scams, internet fraud, id theft and phishing resource
























































toggle navigation









email scams

email scams by type
advance fee fraud/419phishing, id theftauction/escrowlotto/lotteryemployment/jobgeneric 
email scams by year

email scams by year
email scams for 2020email scams for 2019email scams for 2018email scams for 2017email scams for 2016email scams for 2015email scams for 2014email scams for 2013email scams for 2012email scams for 2011email scams for 2010email scams for 2009email scams for 2008email scams for 2007email scams for 2006email scams for 2005email scams for 2004email scams for 2003email scams for 2002email scams for 2001email scams for 2000email scams for 1999email scams for 1998email scams for 1997email scams for 1996email scams for 1995email scams for 1990email scams for 1988email scams for 1987email scams for 1986email scams for 1980email scams for 1969email scams for  

most recent emails



tip-off reports

tip off scam reporting
report a scammer
show reports
scam types
artists and artworks scamauction/ebay scamblackmail, extortion, threatsbusiness venture scamcharity scamclassified ads scamconference/seminar scamdating scamfake/counterfeit goodsidentity theftjob scamlottery scammalware, trojans, virus payloadsnanny/au pair scamnigerian/419 scamgeneric/unspecified scamoverpayment scampet adoption scamdefective products/servicesrental scamscentsy order scamsecret/mystery shopper scamsocial network scamwills/probate scam 


scam types

scam types
identity theft
"nigerian" (aka 419) scams
lottery/lotto scams
financial scams
phishing/vishing/pharming
employment (job) scams
classified scams
auction scams



resources

other scam resources
subscribe to feed
leave a tipoff report
the scamblog
scam gallery
report a scammer
scamdex home
exgrafitti
grftr
news about scams


 search 


 

 login










×
search scamdex & scamalot


















search












close










the #1 internet scam resource (est. 2004)

      scamdex is a massive archive of emails from scammers, going back to 2004.
      it is also a place where you can research and learn about scams - how they work, what to look for, how to avoid getting scammed. 
      we analyse scam emails, indexing, categorizing and scoring emails. 
	
	our mission is to collect, classify and index scam emails as fast as they appear, 
	making the information contained available for viewing within minutes of being received.










scam email archive

         since 2004, scamdex has been collecting and classifying and publishing all the scam emails we have received. that's around one hundred thousand emails!
	 take a look and see the kind of tricks these scumbag people use to part you from your money. 

see new scams     
                    see email scam archive






scam tip off reports

         seen a scam and want to report it? go to scamalot.com to publicize a scam that you've seen (anonymously, if you like) or a scammer that has tried to rip you off. 

see scam reports     
                    report a scammer!



 



scam classifications
scamdex sorts it's huge archive of email scams into several classifications
scam email archive stats.

loading scam data ...... 


 



scamalot scammer tip off stats.
analysis from scamalot.com of tip off reports shows that classified ads i
	(craigslist and other local websites) continues to tbe the major source of scam solicitations. 


 



get the word out

	scamdex relies on search engines, social media and plain old word-of-mouth to get it's message out. check that your 
	parents and other vulnerable family members are up to speed on online scams.
        follow scamdex on twitter



scam email feed
        a continuously updated list of the latest scam emails:       subscribe. 
        • raw email source ask for details.


the scamblog
        scamdex blogs about scams (and anything else he wants) 
 
        subscribe


scamdex on social media

 



duty of care
scamdex believes organizations utilizing the internet have a 
 	  duty of care to their users,
          and to those victimized by people who use those services for fraudulent means. "


read before using western union
if you are ever asked to send money to someone you don't know personally, western union is a bad idea!
          especially if the person wants the money quickly, says he can't accept paypal or other online payment methods, 
          and especially if it's for a big ticket item. in most cases, wu is the same as cash, which is why it's the 
 	  scammer's best friend. it's not such a great deal if the laptop never turns up and your money is gone!
          see here: craigslist and here: ebay and here: western union 


scam-baiting
scam-baiting is the practice of corresponding with scammers to waste their time and/or make them look
        foolish. predominately used for 'nigerian' type scams, scammers are asked to provide photographs depicting 
        them in demeaning poses.scamdex does not approve of this practice for the following reasons: 
scammers are criminals and may live or have contacts in your country.
scam-baiting can look a lot like simple racism.

        if this is your idea of fun then the 419eater.com website will keep you happy for days.
        got a scam email not in our repository? forward the email to scamdex.

 









scamdex scam resources and archive
scam information
	 

identity theft
"nigerian" (aka 419) scams
lottery/lotto scams
financial scams
phishing/vishing/pharming
employment (job) scams
classified & auction scams
scam gallery


scamdex resources
	    
scam tip off reports
leave a scam tip off report
new scam emails received
reporting scams
the scam blog





other information
     
about scamdex
site map
contact scamdex
terms and conditions
privacy policy
copyright © scamdex.com, 2016, all rights reserved















