
















home | trudellmed.com


















      skip to main content
    




based on your language, we suggest to change your settings to:
en fonction de votre langue, nous vous suggérons de modifier vos paramètres comme suit :
			 


do not update
ne pas mettre à jour


yes, that's correct
oui, c'est correct.








global 







search









advanced search





























products










aerochamber* family of valved holding chambers

read more








aerochamber plus* flow-vu* chamber 









aerochamber2go* 2-in-1 chamber















aerobika* opep device









truzone* peak flow meter









aeroeclipse* xl ban* nebulizer









aeroeclipse* ii ban* nebulizer









ombra* table top compressor









ez twist tubing









comfortseal* mask









aerocount* family of dose counters (tmai)










offering you best in class productsview all products










lung health






living with respiratory diseases




living with asthma




living with bronchiectasis




living with copd




living with cystic fibrosis




living with ntm lung disease








for healthcare professionals


about






about us




our history




our aerosol lab




careers








contact us




















back

store and region
						
choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.





global


english




canada


english
français




united kingdom


english










 
























breathe better. live fuller.

helping manage your respiratory health with innovative devices designed to help improve medication delivery and clear your airways.
learn more
                                 































aerochamber2go* chamber - new!

wherever your adventure takes you, go with the new aerochamber2go* 2-in-1 portable chamber and storage case for your inhaler. compact. protected. better delivery.1,2
learn more
                                 































natural airway clearance

you could breathe better by helping clear mucus from your lungs naturally with this drug free device designed for people experiencing breathlessness, chronic cough, recurring lung infections, and copd.
learn more
                                 


























1breathe better. live fuller.
2aerochamber2go* chamber - new!
3natural airway clearance

















offering you best in class products






  









aerochamber plus* flow-vu* chamber



for use with your metered dose inhaler


this aerochamber plus* spacer includes the flow-vu* indicator and flowsignal* whistle and comes in several sizes.




view product
										









  









aerobika* opep device



for drug-free therapy or can be used with a nebulizer


a drug-free and easy to use device that can help open weak airways and to loosen mucus, so it can be coughed out.




view product
										









  









aerochamber2go* chamber



for use with your metered dose inhaler while on the go


ideal for adolescents and adults while on the go, the 2-in-1 chamber is also an inhaler storage case. 




view product
										







view all













patient testimonials











i love the feel of how it fits in my hands and its ease of use.i get to go to work with the aerochamber2go*  chamber knowing i'll be safe.trish from ontario, canada







i love the feel of how it fits in my hands and its ease of use.trish, ontario, canada


                
            full story
      






  


























learn more about lung health







 














living with asthmaasthma is a chronic respiratory disease, characterized by narrowing of the airways & excess mucus production. people with asthma typically suffer from chest tightness, shortness of breath, & episodes of coughing & wheezing

read more








 














living with copdchronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) affects around 251 million people globally.1 it is a term that covers two types of chronic (long-term) diseases where the airways in the lungs become “obstructed” or partly blocked.

read more





















    latest news











september 12,  2024



evaluation of a new on-the-go spacer for delivery of a mart metered dose inhaler therapy


                                  
            read more
      
                               



  





















    latest events




november  30, 2023 7pm est
managing your copd


november  14, 2023 12pm est
determining the best inhaled delivery devices for your patients 


september  12, 2023 6pm edt
prepare for september asthma peak






































trudell medical limited





trudell animal health





trudell healthcare solutions













about us


careers


our aerosol lab




reminder programs


myaerobika* reminder program


myaerochamber* reminder program


myaeroeclipse* reminder program




customer support


contact us


faqs


shipping


returns








trudell medical international725 baransway drive, london ontario, n5v 5g4, canadatel +1 519 455 7060 get in touchcustomerservice@trudellmed.com










privacy policy


terms of use


terms of sale


aoda policies


requests for accessible formats

cookie list
cookie settings



copyright © trudell medical international 2010-2025. all rights reserved.notice: trudell medical international (tmi) will communicate with people with disabilities in ways that take into account their disability. when asked, we will provide information about our organization and its services in accessible formats or with communication supports.* trade-marks and registered trade-marks of trudell medical international. trade-mark usage policy.















