







the high chaparral home page






theme song


the cast of the 
	high chaparral 

















back:  mark slade as blue cannon, 
      linda cristal as victoria montoya cannon, leif erickson as john cannon,
      cameron mitchell as buck cannon, henry darrow as manolito montoya
      front:  rudolpho acosta as vaquero, bob hoy as joe butler, roberto 
      contreras as pedro carr,
      ted markland as reno, don collier as sam butler, and jerry summers as ira 
      bean












production

episodes

fans

the
        west




          
        producers

          
        
        writers/directors
  
        cast
   stunts

  
        sets  
           guest stars
          
        
        backstage trivia
          
        
        background stats 
          
        production order
        
      
      the music

        
      the color 
      plates


          
        episode guide
  
        best episodes

        
        character
        descriptions

   character
        relationships
        
        
        character guide
        
         character outfits

           horses
          
        
        quotes
       bloopers/reality bites

   view guest log
        
      fanfic  
        
        publicity photo stills
   
        articles
        
        memorabilia

        
      website history

        
      caricatures 
		by 
     
      fornero
  
      
        ronnie's house
        


   
maps 
       
       historical
          
        
        library

          
        best tv westerns
           best movie westerns
           hc filmography






copyright



		authentic u.s. dvds are available.
all four seasons!

 contact 
    webmaster 



	 





.
	don collier
	17 oct 1928 - 13 sep 2021

the last of the bunk house gang has 
	ridden off into the sunset with the passing of don collier at the age of 92.

don was born in california but lived 
	much of his life in the tucson area near the site where the high 
	chaparral and many other westerns were filmed. the quintessential cowboy 
	actor, he appeared in over 200 different television and movie productions 
	including leading roles in 50 episodes of outlaws and 63 episodes as 
	sam butler on the high chaparral.  don performed with 
	many other famous western actors including john wayne, robert mitchum, dean 
	martin, tom selleck, and james arness. 

always popular with his many fans, don 
	regularly attended chaparral reunions and was a speaker at numerous western 
	film festivals. his acting career spanned more than 60 
	years and he was still active in the industry into his 90's. you can see his 
	full bio and filmography on imdb.
 




one of the most successful
and highly acclaimed westerns
 on
 television was the high chaparral, the name of the ranch owned by the
cannon family in the arizona territory
during the 1870's.  stubborn, determined, 50-year-old john cannon is the patriarch of the family 
with ambitions to establish a cattle
empire while finding a way to co-exist with the apaches and the mexicans just
across the border.  to help him, he has his younger brother buck, who can out-drink,
out-shoot, out-fight, and when motivated, out-work any man
alive.  he also has his son, billy blue, a young man in his early
20's, whose mother is killed in the first episode.  in an arranged marriage 
    intended to keep peace with the neighbors, john then marries an aristocratic mexican beauty, victoria montoya, daughter of don
sebastian montoya, a wealthy sonoran rancher.  her brother, manolito, accompanies 
    victoria to the cannon ranch as her
guardian, staying on as a member of the household even
after the arranged marriage turns to one of substance and
trust.  









created and produced by david
dortort,
the genius behind bonanza, the writing was superb with plenty of action 
    and biting dialog.  the series strove for realism...the sweat, the 
    dirt, the heat, the desert...even the apaches who worked on the set as 
    extras were real.  and it explored culture and class conflicts among 
    white americans, mexicans, and various indian tribes at a level not 
    attempted before or since by a television western.  




    while it aired, the high chaparral remained in the top 20 of the ac nielsen 
	ratings.  it was 
    number one in europe, and is still shown in syndication.  inside you will 
find a growing archive of information about the show and other
items of interest for western fans to enjoy.





	   
	




tributes
to some of our favorite 
	cowpokes, lawmen, heroes, heroines, and villains who have taken that last ride 
	across the great divide.  hc attracted many of the finest actors to 
	participate in guest starring roles, which, large or small, all contributed 
	to making the show as great as it was.  for more about any of 
	them, check out their bios on

imdb. 







			 kotto, yaphet
		1939 - 3/2021

the buffalo soldiers
       sgt. major creason


yaphet 
			kotto was born in new york of cameroon royal ancestry. his film and 
			television career spanned 50 years and included more than 100 
			credits. he was an imposing character in detective, sci-fi, and 
			western features. his character in "the buffalo soldiers" dominated 
			that episode. his other western appearances included death valley 
			days, the big valley, five card stud, bonanza, daniel boone, 
			gunsmoke, man and boy, and desperado. 







			 sierra, gregory
		1937 - 1/2021
 
the long shadow
        arrigo
 


gregory 
			sierra's career as a character actor covered nearly 50 years in more 
			than 100 productions after first starting on stage with the national 
			shakespeare company in new york. he had recurring roles on several 
			television series including the flying nun, sanford and son, 
			barney miller, a.e.s. hudson street, soap, hill street blues, zorro 
			and son, miami vice, and murder she wrote. his western 
			credits included alias smith and jones, culpepper cattle company, 
			the castaway cowboy, gunsmoke, and where the hell's that 
			gold?







			 yuro, robert
		1932 - 11/2020

a joyful noise
        ramon
bad
      day for a bad man
        kyle
 


robert 
			yuro had 30 years of film credits in nearly fifty productions but he 
			is also remembered for being one of the owners of alice's restaurant 
			which was the inspiration for arlo guthrie's song. besides many 
			roles in detective shows, his western film credits included 
			rawhide, 12 o'clock high, the legend of jesse james, the big valley, 
			laredo, iron horse, the ride to hangman's tree, the virginian, 
			shakiest gun in the west, death valley days, and bonanza. 







			 bail, chuck
		1935 - 11/2020

shadow
        of the wind

                curly bill
        brosius
        
a fella named kilroy
        ben burris 

chuck 
			bail had a film career that spanned nearly 40 years and included 
			acting, stunt work, and directing in more than 90 productions. his 
			other western roles included the roughriders, the jayhawkers, bat 
			masterson, the texan, wanted dead or alive, gunsmoke, the big 
			valley, the monroes, the virginian, laredo, daniel boone, bonanza,
			and gone with the west.







			 james, anthony
			1942 - 5/2020

the filibusteros
        harley
      deever
 


anthony 
			james had a long film career playing a variety of very scary 
			villains. the high chaparral was one of his first of 75 roles 
			in film and television. he played exceptional villains in high 
			plains drifter, unforgiven, and in the heat of the night, 
			and even parodied himself in naked gun two and a half. 
			besides high chaparral, his western credits included 
			cimarron strip, sam whiskey, the big valley, gunsmoke, bonanza, 
			culpepper cattle co., high plains drifter, hearts of the west, 
			outlaws, and unforgiven.







			 gould, graydon
			1937 - 5/2020

follow your heart
        ed lynch
 


graydon 
			gould was a canadian actor with a film career that spanned 50 years 
			including the prime decades of western production, yet the only 
			other western credit i can find for him is the big valley. he had 
			over 50 film credits, mostly for detective, suspense, and sci-fi 
			features.







			  
 
 
 
 
woodward, morgan
		1925 - 2/2019

the journal of death
        tad garnet 

 the buffalo soldiers
        mccoy
      hilliard 

 the badge
        billings




			morgan 
			woodward was a veteran character actor who appeared in many 
			westerns, usually playing villains and other shady sorts. he won the 
			golden boot award and was inducted into the hall of great western 
			performers at the national cowboy & western heritage museum in 
			oklahoma. he was a pilot in world war ii but studied music and drama 
			in college, hoping to perform in operas and musicals with his 
			commanding baritone. while he was recognized for his western work, 
			he was also well known for his roles in cool hand luke and 
			star trek, a recurring role in 55 episodes of dallas and 
			20 episodes of days of our lives. at least 128 productions 
			covering more than forty years.

			morgan woodward's western roles, many with multiple episodes, 
			included those in the great locomotive chase, zane grey theater, 
			westward ho, the wagons!, gunsight ridge, cheyenne, sugarfoot, 
			broken arrow, buckskin, ride a crooked trail, cimarron city, the 
			restless gun, frontier doctor, the texan, bat masterson, the life 
			and legend of wyatt earp (81 episodes), tales of wells fargo, 
			have gun - will travel, the gun hawk, temple houston, rawhide, wagon 
			train, the big valley, daniel boone, branded, gunpoint, death valley 
			days, pistols 'n' petticoats, iron horse, the monroes, hondo, 
			cimarron strip, firecreek, the guns of will sonnett, lancer, death 
			of a gunfighter, the virginian, yuma, bonanza, one little indian, 
			running wild, gunsmoke, the oregon trail, how the west was won, 
			young maverick, the adventures of brisco county, jr., and 
			probably others i have missed.







			 keen, noah
		1920 - 3/2019

tiger by the tail
        travers

noah 
			keen was a character actor who appeared in battle for the planet 
			of the apes as well as multiple episodes of six million 
			dollar man, ironside, charlie's angels, and 17 episodes 
			of arrest and trial. altogether he appeared in almost 100 
			productions over forty years. his western credits included have 
			gun - will travel, wide country, stoney burke, a man called 
			shenandoah, a big hand for the little lady, iron horse, the 
			virginian, bonanza, the big valley







			  
 
campos, victor
		1935 - 12/2018
 
a time to laugh, a time to
      cry
        teniente garcia


victor 
			campos was born in new york of spanish and puerto rican heritage. 
			his role as teniente, one of the bandits in this episode of thc, was 
			only his second film appearance. from here he went on to perform in 
			more than 70 television and film productions covering more than 
			forty years. his other western credits included bonanza, lancer,
			and the master gunfighter but most of his credits were in 
			police and detective series such as kojak, streets of san 
			francisco, mod squad, perry mason, cannon, hill street blues, 
			and many more.







			  
 
phillips, robert
		1925 - 11/2018

survival
       klosen, apache
      loner


robert 
			phillips was a pro football player for the washington redskins and 
			the chicago bears despite being only 5'9" tall. he was also a marine 
			corps swimming and self-defense instructor and served as a bodyguard 
			for governor adlai stevenson. once he started in television and film 
			he was in demand for more than thirty years as a character actor in 
			more than 80 productions including the dirty dozen, batman, star 
			trek, and mission impossible. his western credits 
			included cat ballou, the loner, rawhide, laredo, bonanza, hour of 
			the gun, cimarron strip, the wild wild west, mackenna's gold, the 
			outcasts, yuma, dusty's trail, the quest, and how the west 
			was won.







			moffat, donald
		1930 - 2018
the lieutenant
     henry simmons

donald 
			moffat was born in england and was a prolific stage and screen 
			actor, appearing in over 120 productions over a span of nearly fifty 
			years. he was a renowned shakespearian actor on stage and a great 
			character actor on television and movies. he gave a standout 
			performance as henry simmons in his role on the high chaparral 
			episode, the lieutenant.  his other western credits 
			include: lancer, here come the brides, bonanza, the great 
			northfield minnesota raid, showdown, gunsmoke, little house on the 
			prairie, the chisholms, houston: the legend of texas, desperado, 
			and dr. quinn, medicine woman. 






  
 
 
reese, tom
		1928 - 12/2017

ebenezer
        judson

tom 
			reese was born tom allen but by 1960 was using his screen name which 
			carried him through more than 45 years of television and movie 
			productions. some of his movie credits included vanishing point,
the greatest story ever told, and 40 pounds of trouble. 
			he had a starring role in ellery queen as sgt. thomas velie. 
			he appeared in numerous police, and spy series on television, often 
			playing detectives or police officers. his other western credits 
			included:  the man from blackhawk, law of the plainsman, 
			have gun - will travel, death valley days, outlaws, the great 
			adventure, destry, blood on the arrow, the virginian, the wild wild 
			west, rawhide, laredo, branded, bonanza, iron horse, the guns of 
			will sonnett, cimarron strip, support your local sheriff, gunsmoke,
			and guns of paradise. 






  
menzies, heather
		1949 - 12/2017
 
the little thieves    
        bet roberts 


heather 
			menzies-urich was best known for her role as louisa in the sound 
			of music. in the high chaparral she teamed up with jo ann 
			harris to play two memorable teenage horse thieves. she appeared in 
			many tv series in the 1970's and 1980's, including a significant 
			recurrent role as jessica in logan's run. other western 
			appearances included bonanza and alias smith and jones. 
			she was married to robert urich, star of spenser: for hire 
			and lonesome dove.






  
tyner, charles
		1925 - 11/2017
 
no irish need apply
        cass gregg 


like 
			his role on the high chaparral, charles tyner excelled in 
			playing cold-hearted supervisors in many films and television 
			productions over his fifty year acting career. he played mean prison 
			guards in cool hand luke and the longest yard. in one 
			of his most memorable roles he made fun of his usual overbearing 
			characters when he played uncle victor in harold and maude. 
			his other western credits included dundee and the culhane, the 
			big valley, the stalking moon, the cheyenne social club, lawman, 
			alias smith and jones, the cowboys, jeremiah johnson, the young 
			pioneers, how the west was won,  little house on the prairie,
			and guns of paradise.







			 
romero, ned
		1926 - 2017 
 
 
a quiet day in tucson
        carlos
      mendoza
 the terrorist
       rinaldo
 for what we are about to
      receive
        carlos
      mendoza


ned 
			romero was a favorite on the high chaparral where he played 
			the likable recurring role as perlita's boyfriend who was usually 
			being outwitted by manolito in their romantic pursuits of the same 
			sweetheart. born in louisiana, ned romero began as an opera singer 
			with a powerful baritone voice. he held a master's degree in music 
			and was fluent in at least three languages. in a career that spanned 
			over 40 years he appeared in nearly 100 productions including a 
			starring role as chief joseph in i will fight no more forever.
			he appeared in both the original star trek series and in
			star trek: the next generation. his other western credits 
			included:  shane, rango, laredo, winchester 73, custer, 
			bonanza, hang 'em high, the virginian, mark of the gun, lancer, 
			death valley days, the quest, last of the mohicans, the deerslayer,
			and the magnificent seven.






  
 
harry dean stanton
		1926 - 9/2017
 

gold is where you leave it
        johnny faro
       

harry 
			dean stanton was a prolific character actor, appearing in  
			major films such as alien, the green mile, paris, texas, the 
			godfather part ii, cool hand luke, and kelly's heroes. he 
			served in the navy during wwii and was in the battle of okinawa. he 
			appeared in over 100 films and 50 television episodes that spanned 
			over 60 years. his  western credits include tomahawk trail, 
			the adventures of rin tin tin, bat masterson, the texan, the 
			rifleman, the man from blackhawk, johnny ringo, gunslinger, zane 
			grey theater, have gun - will travel, how the west was won, laramie, 
			bonanza, rawhide, a man called shenandoah, the big valley, ride in 
			the whirlwind, the dangerous days of kiowa jones, the wild, wild 
			west, the guns of will sonnett, cimarron strip, gunsmoke, daniel 
			boone,  pat garrett & billy the kid, the missouri breaks, 
			and dead man's walk.



see more 
			tributes here . . .


note:  there are certainly 
			other hc guest stars whose passing is not widely known and therefore 
			has not been posted on imdb.  if you know of any whose passing 
			has not been noted on their guest star page, please let me know so 
			that i can rectify it.  thanks,
			
charlotte





 



last update:  06/30/2020





