

self-help for various problems, people’s stories and bible topics









self-help, stories of people's problems and how they cope with them ... and bible topics



welcome to broadcaster.org.uk
there are a variety of things on this website, from articles on self-help for people with emotional or relationship problems, to interviews with people about how they cope with problems that you can actually hear, to links to information about scam artists and the like, warning people of what to beware of and how to avoid being conned, to bible topics, to humour.
this website is split into two main sections:


if you have a problem affecting your mental health or relationships, like depression, an anxiety problem such as excessive worrying, panic or a phobia, if you have any kind of addiction, if you have marriage problems, difficulties raising badly-behaved teenagers, or if you have anorexia or you self-harm, if you have problems controlling anger, difficulties coping with unemployment, a life-threatening illness, problems recovering from the trauma of sexual abuse, coping with bullies in the workplace and at school, or if you're grieving for someone you were close to or lonely, and you'd like some ideas on dealing with the problems, visit our self-help series.
section 1: people's concerns
this is the human interest section
section 1 features sound files and links to articles on topics of human interest. these sound files will hopefully be of benefit to people, and most pages feature links to other websites where people can find resources that could help them with problems related to the topics featured in the sound files.
section 1 also features the self help series, where articles include:
overcoming depression and worry.
stopping worry ruining your life.
conquering any kind of addiction or craving.
healing a marriage after an affair.
improving a marriage instead of getting a divorce.
caring for a baby.
parenting difficult teenagers.
coping with unemployment.
protecting yourself from being teased at school.
how schools can reduce bullying.
learning to control anger.
caring for someone with alzheimer's disease or other dementia.
reducing the effects of a life-threatening illness.
getting cured of agoraphobia and panic disorder.
conquering distressing abhorrent ocd thoughts.
this includes fears and other disturbing thoughts related to christianity.
to find out what else is in the series, visit the free self-help to recover from or cope with some problems.
go to section 1
sound files include interviews with people who talk about
their experiences of and/or ways of coping with...the dangers of cults
the ups and downs of university life

bullying
sight loss


over 100 pages full of bible quotes:-what the bible says about various issuesbible passages, related links and people's christian stories
section 2: bible topics
the beauty of the new testament's moral teaching and other important pages on this website
are you up to trying the challenges of the bible's moral guidelines for christians, and would you like to know more of what it says about the love of jesus?
what the bible says about violence, anger, jealousy, arguments, and living in peace with each other.
what the bible says about honesty and the love of money.
a short story about tackling prejudice, and what the bible says about despising people, judging by appearances, and god's mercy.
what the bible says about love and caring.
what the bible says about drunkenness and why it's wrong.
what the bible says about lies, gossip, quarrelling, insulting language and dirty jokes.
what the bible says about sex and marriage.
what the bible says about lustful and nasty thoughts.
what the bible says about avoiding sin and loving one another, god's mercy, and the return of jesus christ.
what the bible says about the life-changing power of the holy spirit.
what the bible says about the importance of doing god's will.
the section of this website on the bible features information on:... the holy spiritjesus' claims about himself, and his teachingsex, marriage and child-rearingcults, unhealthy variations of christianity, and psychic phenomena
read most of the bible in four months on this website!
would you like to read the bible easily because it's laid out according to topic? if you read just one of our web pages of bible quotes a day, you can read nearly the whole bible in four months!
having said that, unless you've got a specific reason to want to know what it all says, a better thing to do is to read the most important bits of the bible regularly, mainly the bits on the way christians ought to live, since it's common to need reminders of what the highest ideals are, and actually, most of the old testament is almost utterly irrelevant for christians, and contains a lot of nasty gruesome bits it can be best to avoid. anyone who really wants to know more about them can visit articles such as these:
an attempt to explain gruesome bible passages.
the severity of some of the old testament laws and their relevance for christians.
this site includes information that explains some things in the bible that some people find problematic and links to answers to critics of the bible and christianity. 
if you're feeling a bit depressed, you may find some of the content on some of the pages in section 2 like those quite upsetting or too complex to concentrate on. it's normal to find it difficult to concentrate when depressed and it should pass; but if you're feeling like that, it might be best to visit the self-help articles in section 1 first.
the bible passages here have been put together in such a way as to make it easy to find out more-or-less everything the bible says about important topics and others, so people can quickly inform themselves more about it. where teaching on particular subjects is in several different parts of the bible so you might never find some of it, i've put it all together in one place. i've used modern translations, so the quotations will not be full of words that will be out-dated or hard to understand. i have not added anybody's personal theological opinion to most of the pages made up of bible quotes. i put the bible passages together so people can easily find out what the bible says, - people who might otherwise be misled by inaccurate teaching or who don't realise how much the new testament says about everyday situations, or who've never been motivated to read it much in the past and so don't know how interesting it is. this section is also aimed at people who may not have the chance to read a bible themselves, as they live where christianity is illegal and thus bibles are not freely available. --- diana holbourn, site owner


if we've given you the impression that we don't believe in fun on this website, that's not true; if you feel in need of a bit of light entertainment, you can find some here on our jokes pages, the first of which is christian jokes.







to comment on any of the material on this website, or if you feel strongly about a social/psychological issue/matter of concern that you would like to see information about here, please email the site owner.
to report broken links (thanks in advance!), suggest changes to the layout of the site, or indeed anything to do with the look of the site itself and/or the html, please email the webmaster.
if you email us, please use the subject line already there in the email, since there is a spam filter that will otherwise treat an email as spam and delete it. sorry for any inconvenience; it was put there as an easy way of weeding out and getting rid of all the spam sent to these addresses.
all feedback about this website is gratefully received. thanks :-)


please note: we do not wish to receive requests for link exchanges just for the purpose of improving website rankings in the search engines. it is not the policy of broadcaster to accept reciprocal links merely for that purpose.

information:
this site was launched on tuesday, april 17, 2001.
this page was last modified on monday, july 14, 2014.
this site is run by diana holbourn.
my thanks go to phil and jo holbourn who have a significant part in the web design; and also to jonathan broder, owner of the website penguin on holiday, who has made and found a few of the images for articles in the self-help section.
if you think we have sent you some spam and are checking us out, then please note: we do not send spam! many email addresses that spammers use are fraudulent, and they sometimes erase their own address and put legitimate email addresses that aren't their own where the &quotfrom" address goes, to disguise where the emails are really coming from.

the following is just a tracker to generate some statistics, e.g. how many visitors this page is receiving and where they come from.
(public access - just click on it)





?>