


  




skymark corp


























toggle navigation











                                home
                            

home

about skymark
contact us

resources

overview
classic tools
leading methods
articles
thinkers


search






                                custom software
                            

overview
association management
project management
online collaboration
critical thinking software
inventory management
survey systems
benchmarking software
document management solutions
mobile data management
recruiting and admissions software
location and signal mapping
underground mapping






                                websites
                            

portfolio
website services
development philosophy






                                consulting
                            

areas of expertise
action teams














go

















home




software. knowhow. innovation.
do you ever say to yourself, "there ought to be a better way"? if you have a business process that is slowing you down, or keeping you from being all you can be, call us.
or, if you have an idea that needs new software, and you don't have the team or the time to develop it, talk to us. we have developed a library of software frameworks and tools that helps us create new applications quickly, and at low cost.
we want to be your software factory. we're an american software development company, based in pittsburgh. our people have global experience. our work ranges from fairly simple, beautiful websites, to multi-lingual high-traffic web applications, to specialized harsh-environment instrument control systems. we like tackling tough problems, and we like making life better for our clients. custom software isn't cheap, but… it's a lot less expensive than broken processes, missed goals, frustrated people, lost customers, or ideas that got away.
so… need software? talk to us. see what's possible. +1.412.371.0680.








website development
websites that present you well, help you sell, and won't cost you an arm and a leg.









custom software
because sometimes off-the-shelf software just doesn't do what you need.









strategic consulting
expert guidance in the areas of: strategy, process improvement and innovation.
















skymark is a software company based in pittsburgh, pennsylvania which focuses on creating software tools that help people improve the way they work.








useful links

custom software
website development
consulting
contact us





contact us

						7300 penn avenue
                        pittsburgh, pa
                        phone: +1.412.371.0680
                        email: info@skymark.com











                            2024 © skymark corporation. all rights reserved.
                        




























