










big woods farm - monkton plumbing, leaking roof, deck contractors























 
















 
 
 

search

 





home
about us
contact us
privacy policy
terms and conditions
 
 

 






















posted  by secure_admin on feb 20, 2022 in fence service | 0 comments


																	some facts about your contractors 															

of course, it is common that you hire a contractor as you want everything to be smooth and fine for the rest of the whole duration of the renovation activity. whether they are working as a deck contractors or a normal service contractor for the property in your area like renovating the house structure or changing some of the things. there are things that you have to consider as well as not all contractors that you are hiring are nice and friendly as some of them are just pretending there. but most of them can be trusted and you could also believe them about the skills that they are showing and trying to have by fixing the things in there.  

overall, there are some service contractors that they have wished in life that most of the house owners would think ahead of time of some of the situation and consider. there are some people that they are not comfortable being treated this way or they don’t want others to make them feel that they are not important or they’re useless. here are some facts that you need to know more about them and maybe you could consider before hiring them so that you won’t be acting that you don’t care.  
they don’t want to work with others or with the people around you: let them work on their own as they know what they are doing and avoid interrupting them by saying that you want to give them some help or other ways. don’t offer or give them help by sending a person that you know and introduce to them that this person can actually work like yours because of this and that.  
some of them would not be happy to reuse things that they have to fix: you need to know that they are there to work and fix the things and they don’t want to reuse the old stuff of your as it doesn’t give assurance.  
contactors have some workers and they should be the one to command them: some contractors would have their own workers to work and to manage the team and you should not tell them what to do and command everyone to follow your orders.  
don’t let them do things that is beyond their task or job: remember that you hired them because you need them for a certain task and not to fix everything that is beyond their knowledge and control in your own house.  
you should not negotiate about their fee: when there is a fixed rate then you should not negotiate that one as you need to think about their time and hard work as well.  
talk to them in a nice way: when you are trying to give them an instruction then you should say it in a nice way and avoid shouting at them. pay some respect so that they would respect you as well and this is just a common behavior that everyone should know and treat others.  


read more
 
 
 



















posted  by secure_admin on feb 20, 2022 in roofing service | 0 comments


																	usual mistakes people commit upon hanging holiday lights 															

the holiday season is already out on our corner. we always fancy hanging holiday lights all over our property to show holiday spirit. while these lights are part of our beautiful and festive tradition, the last thing you would want to cope with is a leaking roof that’s being showered with freezing rain, ice, and snow during winter seasons. to prevent this type of risk, here are some tips that can help you determine how to properly hang your holiday lights and prevent some expensive mistakes, which people commit often.  

never use staples or nails 
placing staples into your roof can make holes into both your roof’s top surface and its decking and underlayment below. nails and staples aren’t water-tight materials. this indicates that melting snow or rain could possibly and would penetrate into these holes, which can develop into severe leaking problems. leaks cause problems such as mildew, mold, wood rot, and so much more possible problems that are usually expensive to pay just because you attempted to decorate your property. also, we must never forget the other disadvantages. stapling or nailing your roof could cause electrical fire or spark once it is done through the wire shielding.  
expect water runoff and ice dams 
winter season is not recognized for being dry—ice, rain, and snow are quite usual. any décor you place up in your yard must be guaranteed to tolerate being exposed to moisture securely. you should also prevent buying decorations that are not meant to be used outdoor. make sure that you have read any decoration’s package before you purchase them to guarantee that they are safe to utilize outside. also, you need to ensure that you place them on a circuit that is fortified with a ground-fault circuit interrupter. this is important since it can shut itself off once there’s a string shortage and it can also stop a possible fire.  
never walk on your roof 
upon decorating, you will possibly see your neighbors repairing light-up decorations of snowmen, santa claus, and other holiday lights to their roofs. keep in mind that doing so could be really hazardous. once you fall from a roof, it could cause severe injury and that’s one of the things anyone must avoid at this time of the year. moreover, foot traffic can dent your roof. sure, your roof is made to shelter you from various elements. but, foot traffic could result in shattered clay tiles, cracking materials, and torn shingles under the weight. if this happens, you will be needing to immediately fix any damage done by foot traffic to stop major problems in the future.  
if you want any assistance when it comes to hanging up holiday decorations during the winter season, never hesitate to reach us now! our roofing companies value to make the lives of our clients a lot easier when it comes to any roofing problems. we would be pleased to assist you with anything under the sun. also, you can contact us to know more about our offered services such as roof replacement and roof repairs.  


read more
 
 
 



















posted  by secure_admin on feb 20, 2022 in plumbing service | 0 comments


																	quick repairs for water heater 															

does your water heater (gas hot type) in need of repair? if this fixture of yours is unable to heat, or achieve heat that is enough, we have some tips to aid you in resolving this concern all by yourself. there are two problems that are typical in this type of water heater: zero hot water; and lukewarm water (a.k.a water not hot enough).  if two problem occurs, it is essential to look for a home service company such as monkton plumbing or water heater repair to resolve this issue. here are some also of the quick tips they can do for you. 

zero hot water 
 if there’s zero hot water coming out from the heater, we have to make sure first that the problem is with the fixture. roam the house. search for any hot water that you could find. scourge all faucets and other fixtures. if in this search there’s still no hot water, do these suggested diagnostics:  
make sure that gas to water heater is switched on  
switch the control knob of gas water heater to pilot. this prevents burner from ignition, when you’re looking inside. next, remove metal cover located at bottom part of water heater. see if pilot light and/or burner is/are lit. the former is that small flame seen at end part of supply tube.      
say there’s no pilot light of your water heater. what should you do? we suggest you to follow instructions about relighting. also, it’s possible that valve of gas inlet is partially or fully closed. if so, turn handle and make it parallel. then, relight pilot. if it still won’t light, the culprit might be the thermocouple this time. if this happens, we urge you to either contact repair persons for water heaters or companies that focus on gas utility. the latter might be free of charge, so check your local water heater repair contractors.      
say the burner gone out. it is suggested that you replace its cover. you have to make sure that your thermostat has the setting of 120 degrees fahrenheit. if you fail to do this, adjust it (thermostat). then, turn on your water faucet. wait for a few minutes; then see if the burner of water heater ignites. if there is no action coming from the burner, leave water faucet running. while doing this, raise temperature setting until burner ignites.     
lukewarm water (a.k.a water not hot enough) 
if there’s lukewarm water coming out from the heater, perform the following: 
turn the thermostat to of your water heater to a setting that is higher than the usual. if you experience ignition of flame in doing this, leave dial still at its previous setting. check temperature of your water in one hour by placing a meat thermometer (which is sturdier than ordinary ones) into any solid cup that you could find. you allow the hot water to flow from the faucet. 
say you happen to hear no ignition coming from the burner of your water heater and/or the flowing water keeps on getting colder. you have to check pilot light; so we can be sure that it’s functioning. if it still does, follow manufacturer’s instructions about relighting water heater that is gas type. 


read more
 
 
 





  
 


about us






random posts




							quick repairs for water heater 						

 



							usual mistakes people commit upon hanging holiday ...						

 



							some facts about your contractors 						

 

 



recent comments



 
 



 




 

recent posts


some facts about your contractors 


usual mistakes people commit upon hanging holiday lights 


quick repairs for water heater 


 recent comments archives

february 2022

 categories

fence service

plumbing service

roofing service


 some facts about your contractors usual mistakes people commit upon hanging holiday lights quick repairs for water heater    
  
 


  
 

 













