





liberty dollar
















liberty dollar
legal issues | in the news | press kit | federal reserve | links
 





home

the liberty dollar


about the liberty dollar

intro to the liberty dollar
color brochure
why use the liberty dollar
the liberty dollar story
is it legal?
media says
users say

faq / liberty dollar
inflation through history
vocabulary
unofficial discussion group
public liberty dollar supporters
history


liberty dollar doubles
digital liberty dollars


get liberty dollars

become an associate
shopping cart
digital liberty dollars
rco search map


spend liberty dollars

how to use it

find liberty merchants

success stories



newsletters

sign up
archive


success stories
how to use it

press kit

charts
photos
news articles
press releases
prominent quotes
bernard von nothaus





in the news

print





faqs

liberty dollar
norfed faq
money faq
move up to $20
silver over $10
why pay twice the price
convertibility to us dollar



about our company

goals
history
profit statement
audits
audit statement





get liberty dollars

how to use
sign up
liberty associate


merchant handbook

rco
find your rco
online store
digital liberty dollars


spend liberty dollars

how to use it
find liberty merchants

success stories





money & banking


money

commentary
nature of money
inflation through history
real money articles
origin of money
money faq



federal reserve

federal reserve act
abolition act
federal reserve links


founding documents
prominent quotes


shopping cart

rco

information
find nearest rco
my $2500 plan
approaching businesses
rco application
rco handbook
ld university
monetary initiative
rate formulas
rco faq
rco strategy
right for you?
ldu syllabus



links

favorites
liberty dollar
debt
entertainment
law
money & currency
news & current events
political
shopping
taxes


contact us

 
the media says:
cbs news pa
cbs news tx
cbs news ny
learning channel special
paul harvey's news and comment
"could give u.s. greenbacks a run for their money"huntington beach independent"a concept almost anyone can get behind"utne reader"as good as silver"austin american-statesman
users say:








  






                    the web

                    www.libertydollar.org
 





our yahoo! group





liberty dollar provides a solution to our country's monetary problem and these 
  benefits to every supporter who uses the value based currency:

inflation proof because it is gold and silver
available at a discount and used at a profit
protection from inflation of the us dollar
your family, business and america benefits
capital appreciates as us dollar depreciates
civic duty to provide for the general welfare
helps return america to a prosperous nation














 send to friend | subscribe to newsletter

newsletters and alerts
 | news articles







real money is inflation proof:your liberty dollar solution
the new 2022 inflation proof silver liberty dollar currency 
if you care about your money please join me for the new liberty dollar  that is 100% legal and issued by the  liberty dollar financial association






bernard von nothaus

monetary architect 
02/18/2025

welcome to the liberty dollar: remember when gas was only 25-cents a gallon? you could take a dollar down to the gas station and buy four gallons for a buck! at that time our dollar was backed by silver - real money. guess what? that same amount of silver still buys four gallons of gas today! that just proves that real money like gold and silver holds its value and it is the us dollar that buys less and less. as a matter of fact, when you think about it, you realize that gas, food, and almost everything else has not gotten more expensive. it only seems that way because the value of the us dollar is worth less and less so it takes more and more of them to buy the same goods and services. most people think prices have gone up, but actually: it is the value of the us dollar that has gone down. years later i have created this website so you can see what is happening to your money and protect your purchasing power from the coming inflation. of course, this is a big job, so i am asking for your assistance. look at these charts by the us government.




the national debt has climbed to alarming levels since the federal reserve was created in 1913.source: u.s. treasury, bureau of the public debt
as a result, the federal reserve note (us dollar) has lost 96% of its purchasing power since 1913.source: u.s. dept, of labor, bureau of labor statistics




 as the national debt has risen, your "money" has lost its purchasing power.   
in fact since 1913, when the federal reserve 
was created by congress, your money has lost 96% of its purchasing power due to 
inflation. the more "money" the federal reserve creates - the less your 
"money" buys. it is the federal reserve who creates inflation when it 
issues us dollars backed by government debt.
from 1913 to 2001, the national debt grew to $6 trillion in 88 years. in the 
  next three years it increased a trillion to $7 trillion dollars in 2004. in 
  the following years it increased approximately a trillion per year. now the 
  national debt is over $12 trillion dollars! it has doubled in only eight years! and the government now projects to add two or three trillion dollars to the national debt every year for the foreseeable future!!  
   
the acceleration of our national debt is very dangerous and warning you that your money will rapidly lose its purchasing power shortly. 


my 25 years at the mint

hi. my name is bernard von nothaus. i was so concerned about what was happening 
to our country's "money" that i created the liberty dollar. for 25 years, i was 
the mintmaster at the royal hawaiian mint and devoted those years to the study 
of money, why it is valuable, and how we use it to fulfill our dreams. i wanted 
to create a totally new inflation proof currency based on precious metals. that 
quest was completed on october 1, 1998 when the liberty dollar was first issued. 
so please remember, the liberty dollar is a private voluntary barter currency. it is not government money so it is not intended to be used as "legal tender", "current money" or a "coin".
yes, hawaii is a wonderful place but raising a family in the high-priced islands was tough. it just wasn't gasoline that was expensive, everything was expensive! i know how difficult it is to provide for a family. and after you retire, it is even worse on a fixed income! us dollar backed only by government debt is bad for everyone! that's why i created the liberty dollar.
if someone gave you a choice between a stack of ordinary ten-dollar bills and a stack of ten-dollar bills that were printed on the back with a coupon for 5 gallons of gasoline, good at any gas station in the country, which would you choose?
the first stack is just dollar bills. the second stack is also dollar bills, or if gas prices go up, you can use the back of the bills and fill your tank.
you'd have to be crazy to take the first stack! right?  why not get the benefits of a negotiable currency coupled with the redeemability for a useful commodity, in this case, gasoline? if gas prices go up, you win while everyone else complains about the high cost of gas! if prices don't rise, you still have your ten-dollar bills!
on the other hand, when you hold us dollars, you own debt that you will eventually have to repay. when you give us dollars to someone as payment, they now have debt. ouch!
with the us dollar losing value at an alarming rate and more bailouts with much higher national debt on the way, right now is the time to take monetary matters into your own hands and protect your money with the silver backed liberty dollar… before it is too late!



vindicated: this historic site is dedicated to the passionate monetary activists who took a stand for sound money and supported the liberty dollar with action!  while bernard led the movement for citizens to - change the money / change the country - it was the good, honest, regular americans who made the liberty dollar such a resounding success.  if there is any vindication of bernard's stand for sound money that holds its value, it is that in face of the fanatical press release by the fbi that branded bernard a criminal counterfeiter and domestic terrorist in support of the department of injustice's demand that bernard be sentenced to 22 years in federal prison - it is that he only served one year of probation.  that's vindication in action!  click here for one comment by noted monetary economist dr. richard timberlake.


sincerely,

bernard von nothaus
monetary architect
view the 2009 brochure





copyright 1998-2025 | all rights reserved. | contact bernard von nothaus | https://ldrep.nl/bernard | disclaimer




