












national cherry blossom festival - march 20 - april 13, 2025


























































































2025 festival: march 20 – april 13 washington, dc 










instagram
 



twitter
 



facebook-f
 



youtube
 



linkedin
 










about us





mission & history 


official artist & artwork 


faqs 


contact 


events archive 
 

ncbf, inc.





awards 


board of directors 


our team 


job opportunities 


annual review 
 

mediaget our emails 










 

search


 














donate















2025 festival: march 20 – april 13 










facebook-f
 



twitter
 



instagram
 



linkedin
 



youtube
 



envelope
 













 

search


 














donate
















 








about us

faqshighlightsevents archivecontact
ncbf, inc.

awardsboard of directorsour teamjob opportunitiesannual review
mediabloom watchevents

tidal basin welcome area & ana stagepink tie partyblossom kite festivalopening ceremonypetalpaloozaparadeall events
stay & play

hotelsrestaurantscity in bloomart in bloompaws & petalsthings to do
community

kites in the classroomstudent art showcaseblossom kicksblossom tea partygirl scouts patch programtree plantingoxon run pinknic
get involvedgift shopsponsors

2025 sponsorsbecome a sponsorcorporate giving program
get our emails 











 















countdown to the 2025 festival! 




 days hours minutes 







national cherry blossom festival parade® presented by events dcget the best view with parade grand stand seatingbuy ticketspink tie party presented by union station washington d.c. and design cuisineget your tickets  now!learn moreopening ceremony co-presented with the japan foundationjust announced! check out 2025 opening ceremony performerslearn moreget your 2025 official festival merchandiseit's here! unveiling the 2025 official artwork & artistlearn more 

 

 





















 
 










what began with a gift in 1912 at the tidal basin now spans four weeks throughout washington, dc, and neighboring communities in maryland and virginia. residents and visitors are invited to celebrate all that spring in washington, dc has to offer — from exciting events to delectable cherry picks restaurants, vibrant art in bloom installations, delightful hotel stays, and more. don’t miss a minute of making magical memories with family and friends! make plans to join us march 20 – april 13, 2025!  















a look back at 2023 






click here 

 

 















signature events 







national cherry blossom festival parade® 





pink tie party 





blossom kite festival 





opening ceremony 





petalpalooza® 





tidal basin welcome area & ana stage 



 






view all events






















hilton is the proud premier hotel provider of the 2025 national cherry blossom festival 








 








hilton is the proud premier hotel provide of the 2025 national cherry blossom festival. whether you’re looking for an unforgettable experience at the stunning landmark waldorf astoria washington dc, downown elegance at conrad washington dc, pet-friendly vibes at embassy suites by hilton washington dc convention center or a contemporary stay at washington hilton, with over 100 properties in the d.c. area, hilton makes it easy for you to experience all that spring has to offer. check out some of our hotels that are close to the blooms by clicking the button below. 













plan your stay with hilton 



















our sponsors  



thank you for making the festival possible!
 








 
















 
















 











view all sponsors










2025 national cherry blossom festival prospectus















have a question or comment for us? we want to hear from you! 






contact us

























leadership circle sponsors 












 












 








 









 








the national cherry blossom festival, inc. is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization dedicated to promoting the beauty of nature and international friendship through year-round programs, events, and educational initiatives that enhance our environment, showcase arts and culture, and build community spirit. 







﻿get emails     faq     media     privacy policy     terms of use     job opportunities    contact us 










when you use our website, we or our service providers will assign your browser a unique identification number stored in a file on your computer (“cookie”) unless you have disabled cookies on your computer. cookies identify your browser, but not you personally, to our computers whenever you interact on our website. we also gather and archive basic website logging statistics including the daily number of visitors to our website, originating server locations and server or browser domain names.  you consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.   accept privacy policyprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 









loading…





























































