





lht news




































		skip to content	



lht news

about lht
home improvement
get in touch








back
								




 








envy pool builders of las vegas shares most common shapes of swimming pools 

las vegas, nevada is one of country’s warmest locations year-round, which is why so many people look to swimming pools as a way to stay cool outside. instead of using public pools, many local homeowners choose to install their own pools in their backyards. envy, a las vegas pool construction company, offers gorgeous residential pool designs for residents of clark county and has provided a list of the most common pool shapes :
oval pools – one of the more simple swimming pool designs is an oval. when homeowners install an oval pool, it’s often small and sometimes contains an attached hot-tub or spa addition.  some construction companies offer additional features like waterfalls to boost its aesthetic appeal.rectangle pools – another basic option is a rectangular pool. surprisingly, this swimming pool shape is the one that most las vegas residents choose. the standard pool size is just under 25 yards in length, leaving plenty of room for someone who wants to swim a few laps or enjoy jumping around in the water with kids.freeform pools – creative people love to install free form pools. there is no set shape, so you can design anything you want. this style of swimming pool is most often built in backyards that have a lot of space. they often come at a steeper price point because of the custom nature of the construction.infinity pools – the second most popular swimming pool is an infinity-style pool. water runs over the edge of the pool, dropping into a catch basin below. from inside the pool, it creates an illusion that the pool doesn’t end; it appears to merge with the horizon. this pool shape is often expensive because of the complexity and time to build.circle pool – circular pools are the final shape on the list. this is an affordable design that’s easy to build and easy to clean. people using this particular pool shape often use pool cleaning robots to vacuum the dirt off the floor.
if you’re considering installing a swimming pool, there are many different pool shapes to pick from, such as circular, oval, infinity, free form, rectangular pools, and more. after deciding on a shape, you should consider the material it’s built with and how that fits into your budget.


posted bygordon morgan01/16/202101/16/2021posted ingeneral 



albany concrete contractors shares most common concrete projects locally 

most residential properties in albany, new york have some form
of concrete work.  sometimes, it’s a
concrete walkway from the driveway to the front door.  other times, it’s a concrete patio in the
backyard so people can relax on some chairs and grill on the barbecue.  today’s article comes from the capital district’s
very own albany concrete contractors,
the leading provider of concrete services in the local area.  james klask, one of their team leaders,
describes the most common concrete projects for residential and commercial
properties.
project #1 – concrete walkways
the most common project we see in albany is concrete
walkways.  nearly every residential household
in albany county has some sort of pathway from the side of their driveway to
the front door of the house. 
occasionally, this pathway is made from stone, set a few feet apart from
one another.  however, most of the time,
the path is made from concrete.  we get
calls every day from homeowners who have cracks in their concrete walkway that need
fixing.  we build new concrete walkways as
well, but those calls are slightly less frequent because it means the homeowner
is looking to either install something brand new for a newly built house, or
they want to replace the old walkway with a new material.  regarding the latter, people commonly switch
from pavers to concrete or vice versa.
project #2 – concrete pool decks
 albany’s median
income is around $68,000, which is enough to allow homeowners to build a
pool.  the 2nd most common
project we handle is concrete pool deck installation and repair.  based on local regulations, when a pool is
built, there must be a fence around it. 
instead of fencing in grass, homeowners tend to have concrete pool decks
installed.  a concrete deck with a kool
deck surface allows people to have something that’s nice to look at and safe to
walk on.  we provide pool deck repair as
well to fix cracks and shifting slabs. 
occasionally, residents request pool deck refinishing to change the
surface layer of the concrete to something that doesn’t absorb as much heat or
to get a fresh look.
project #3 – concrete driveways
concrete driveways are not very common in albany because
most people opt for asphalt.  however, we
do offer concrete driveway repair and installation as needed.  it’s more expensive per square foot, but it
provides added durability and is less likely to develop potholes.  concrete driveways are most often seen on commercial
properties like malls or doctor’s offices due to the higher average cost.
project #4 – stamped concrete pavers
stamped concrete pavers are a popular choice for walkways,
driveways, and pool decks.  these versatile
brick-shaped concrete slabs can match any home because they come in all
different shapes, sizes, and colors. 
stamped concrete allows for an endless number of patterns and styles
that can mimic the appearance of concrete work of other countries if you wanted
it to.  looking for a cobblestone
sidewalk? it’s possible stamped concrete pavers.


posted bygordon morgan09/17/2019posted inhome improvement 



3 most common problems in residential boiler repair 

most homes in queens, new york have traditional gas boilers
which last anywhere from 10 to 15 years on average.  you may recognize some of the more common
boiler brands like american standard, bosch, westinghouse, or lennox.  some boilers are used by homeowners to provide
residential heating, while others are used to heat water for cooking or a shower.  today’s article comes from a top heating
contractor who provides queens boiler
repair and installation as needed in the borough.  as one of nyc’s leading experts in boiler
repair and replacement, tom shares his advice on the most common boiler
problems and what needs to be fixed.
problem #1 – there is hot water, but no central heating
if your boiler is producing hot water but there is no
central heating for your home, a boiler component is probably broken.  the problem could be stemming from a damaged diverter
valve.  this valve switches the functioning
of the boiler between central heating and other elements like hot water for the
shower. the other potential reason there’s no central heating is the settings
on the boiler.  the wrong setting could
cause it to simply not turn on.
problem #2 – the boiler is leaking
if the boiler is leaking, it’s best to call a local boiler
specialist right away to inspect it, especially if it’s a gas boiler.  leaks are often a result of a broken seal,
corrosion, or a damaged pressure valve.  in
either scenario, it’s dangerous to continue using the unit without having it
repaired.  
if a pressure valve is not working, it may indicate that the
boiler pressure is too high.  in this
case, the valve should be replaced, and the pressure should then be monitored.  if you notice leaking near pipes, it’s possible
that it was caused by corrosion.  with
prolonged exposure to water, pipes do eventually wear down.
problem #3 – the boiler is making weird noises
when the boiler makes strange noises, it’s called kettling.  kettling often occurs when sludge builds up on the boiler heat exchanger, thereby preventing some of the water flow.  if the intended amount of water can’t get through, the boiler starts to shake and make noise.  as with a leak, this type of problem requires immediate assistance from a qualified boiler service.  leaving the issue unattended will damage the boiler and shorten its lifespan.
most boiler breakdowns occur during the winter when they haven’t been used for a while and all of sudden are required 24/7.  if you own a home or business in queens, ny and you’re experiencing problems with your boiler, don’t wait to call someone.  contact a boiler repair company right away to get an inspection.  it’s a small price to pay to avoid damaging the unit and paying large replacement costs.


posted bygordon morgan08/08/2019posted inhome improvement 



what can you do with deck landings? 

when you think of pleasant summer evenings, nothing quite
beats enjoying some sweet tea while watching the world pass by from the comfort
of an outdoor deck. this is pretty much a way of life in the southern states.
through the years, the concept of having an outdoor deck has spread far and
wide.
having a deck adds a certain hint of romanticism to a home.
but it’s also a pretty clever. when you have an outdoor living space, it is
lauded often a wise decision. it provides extra room for family and guests for
a lot of different occasions or happenings. you can hold little gatherings,
meeting, or even space for people to have place to sit when eating. also, need
we remind you that a lot of our favorite exchanges that happened between
characters in novels, movies, and tv shows always
seem to happen on an outdoor deck? 
since it’s a given that a deck will receive a lot of usage
and traffic, it’s important that it’s cared for properly. the materials you
choose to go in it should be sturdy. the constant favorites are wood and
concrete— and why shouldn’t they be? they’re fairly easy to install and they
look really good. however, in order to make your decks and deck landings really
last, they need to be treated. 
luckily, there are a lot of different ways in which you can
treat your deck and make sure your investment lasts a long time. 
paint
certain paints are now designed to coat specific surfaces
making them resistant to weather shifts. depending on the size of your deck, it
may take more than one coat of paint to get the job done. also, depending on
the brand of paint you use, you may end up having to re-apply a new coat every
year or so. 
be warned that if you have furniture on your outdoor deck,
the paint may get scraped off. certain paint colors and textures also may not
clean over so well as time passes. 
sealant
homeowners who want to keep the original color or look of
their decks can choose to apply a sort of sealant to cover the entirety of the
surface of their decks. while it isn’t advisable to do the application
yourself, it can be done. 
there are sealants available in the market today that can
last a long time. however, with exposure to weather and varying temperatures,
the sealant can come off sooner than intended. 
rubber
yep, you read that right. an easy to apply and notably
durable material has been introduced to the secure surface industry and has
changed the market ever since. while rubberized surfaces were the norm for pool
decks, outdoor basketball courts, and walkways, several improvements in the
recent years has allowed this material to be tailored for decks and deck
landings.  


posted bygordon morgan06/25/201906/25/2019posted inhome improvementtags: deck landings, non-slip pool deck surface, rubber decking 



sprucing up your driveway flooring 

the driveway is a pretty important part of building your
home’s outer aesthetic. it’s often the first thing visitors see when they
visit. it is also largely responsible for the impression that visitors have on
the outer aesthetic of your house.  most
of the time, homeowners dismiss it as something that’s simply a practical
addition to a house. while it is, the often straight stretch of concrete can
add years to the look of your home. 
in order to avoid having your home look older than it should
be, let’s discuss some ways you can spruce up your driveway. 
decorative plants
making use of line of sight is one of the best ways to
spruce up your driveway. when your driveway is left to just stretch out with
not clear border, it gives the impression of dullness. 
captivate your guests’ eyes with clear and stylish borders
for your driveway. you can make use of small plants to achieve this or even
decorative stones to emphasize the plants. a good tips is that the more
colorful, the better. however, it is to be noted that you can’t really go wrong
with white blossoms. ultimately, it will be entirely up to what color scheme
you want to maintain. 
edging
when you create visible edges to your driveway, it helps
keep the view neat and orderly. it also helps designate a clear separation for
your lawn and your driveway. have a clear edge can also help keep your lawn
alive. 
we’ve all heard the horror stories of accidentally driving
unto some green grass because people honestly thought they were still on the
driveway. keep this issue from happening in your home by making use of clear
and visible edges to your driveway
flooring. 
lighting
your driveway doesn’t need to look like the runway of a club
in order to make an impression. a few tasteful lights in the right places can
really add to a driveway. 
while some of you may worry that it may up your electrical
bill, there are various types of installations now that can help save you
money. also, it’s a burglar deterrent. when the driveway adds illumination to a
home, it’ll be pretty hard to sneak into it. 
choose a long-lasting treatment 
the beauty of technological improvements is that it also includes upgrades for home improvements. there’s a poured in rubber mixture that bonds well with any material to create a durable and non-skid surface. an added bonus is that weeds can’t go through so you won’t have to worry about cracks on your driveway. 


posted bygordon morgan06/25/201906/25/2019posted inhome improvementtags: driveway flooring, driveways 







 

find what you need

search for:



topicsdeck landings (1)
driveway flooring (1)
driveways (1)
non-slip pool deck surface (1)
rubber decking (1)


latest


envy pool builders of las vegas shares most common shapes of swimming pools


albany concrete contractors shares most common concrete projects locally


3 most common problems in residential boiler repair


what can you do with deck landings?


sprucing up your driveway flooring


our friends 



 


lht news,
						
				proudly powered by wordpress.			








