







rices sale & country market








































































































            about
          

            shop
          

            sell
          

            products & merchants
          

            faq's
          

            holiday openings
          

            contact us
          












































































aboutshopsellproducts & merchantsfaq'sholiday openingscontact us


















scroll






 











bucks county, pennsylvaniashop 7:00 am to 1:00 pmtuesdays & saturdays(march to december) 

   









a historic affairthe rice's experiencefor over 150 years, rice’s market has been a new hope community staple. it is 30 acres of indoor and outdoor shopping, making it the oldest and largest flea market in bucks county. from march to december, rice’s markets attracts over 400 vendors and 8,000 shoppers each week. we are a flea market, farmer’s market, antique bazaar, vintage thrift, town gathering space, and food lover’s delight wrapped into one. our market features hundreds of well known antique dealers, community artists, beauty consultants, clothing boutiques, local farmers, and more. after one visit, you’ll understand why locals and visitors return week after week to rice’s market. 
















 







 

farmers marketfresh foods



rices originated as a fresh produce market over 150 years ago. today we continue this tradition by preparing food using live herbs, organic fruit, and crisp vegetables. our cheese is home made, our meats are freshly butchered, and our breads are baked fresh daily. you'll find craft sauces, spices, pickles, jams and jerky from the region's most talented chefs. we are proud to offer high quality food made with fresh ingredients.



















































 




  







 

one-of-a-kind findsunique treasures



at rice's market you can find everything under the sun in one place. we offer both quality and value to our shoppers, that's why rice’s has built a reputation as the “go to” flea market in pennsylvania. find one-of-a-kind pieces at reasonable prices.  our market is a bargain-hunter's paradise offering a variety of antiques, clothing, accessories, collectibles, household items, gifts, and hand-made items – all at prices that can’t be beat.

 











potpourri from wicky wacky wicker world


























 







 

 locationthe market layout

 











rice’s market is not your typical flea market! located in beautiful bucks county, rice’s market is home to a wide array of upscale merchandise. featuring vendors with new and used products, you can be sure to see something new each and every time you visit. be sure to explore the many surrounding area attractions. after a fun morning at rice’s market, visit a full array of shops at peddler’s village, or take a train ride at the new hope & ivyland railroad. there are plenty of things to do and see when you visit rice’s market.

 
   

  




 


“find everything under the sun”


  









hours of operation



the rice's experience



divider



fresh foods



divider



boutique vendors



divider



the market layout



find everything under the sun












rice's market
6326 greenhill rd,
new hope, pa 18938,
usa
(215) 297-5993
info@rices.com


hours
mon closed
tue 7:00am - 1:30pm
wed closed
thu closed
fri closed
sat 7:00am - 1:30pm
sun closed




instagramfacebook










