 








welcome to pictou-antigonish regional library

























pictou-antigonish regional library





 get a library card
 my account
 donate
 contact





keyword
title
author
subject
tag
list
user












toggle navigation




menu



home
locations 

all locations
antigonish
borrow by mail
new glasgow
pictou
river john
stellarton
trenton
westville
other ns libraries


events 

upcoming events
summer reading program
gift-a-book
pictou library projecta cultural hub for pictou county
movies @ the library
nfb film club
plaid marquee



collections 

books, movies & more
ebooks & audiobooks 
digital newspapers & magazines
pressreader & overdrive
hoopla
ancestry.ca
rocket languages
play packs
tumblebooks for kids

special collections
novastory.ca
memory collection
100 books to celebrate diversity
gooseboat of merigomish
our roots: nora & fr. jimmy
echoes of nature

library of things
light therapy lamps
snowshoes
nordic walking poles
fun fit pass
radon detector kits
arts for all
telescopes
mobile hotspots
co2 monitor kits


subject resources 

health & wellness
gardening
business
family historians
readers cafe
all about writing
local information
emergency preparation



services 

borrow by mail
community outreach
library cards
interlibrary loan
children & youth
adults
newcomers
reference & research
genealogy
technology & training
accessibility
meeting rooms
memory collection
virtual care
beta readers spot

library of things
light therapy lamps
snowshoes
nordic walking poles
fitness facility passes fun fit pass
radon detector kits
arts are for everyone
telescopes
mobile hotspots
co2 monitor kits



latest news
about us 

library board
library administration
policies
accessibility plan
library headquarters
bids & tenders
library history
friends of the library
employment
support the library
lbans strategic plan [pdf]



help

suggest a purchase
need assistance?













 search books, movies & more
 search ebooks & audiobooks
 login to account
 






×close
closing early: the library is closing early today, thursday february 13, 2025, at 12pm (noon) due to winter storm weather conditions.






read canadian: celebrate african heritage month with canadian authors & publications


response
            of weeds



black
           matters



the night
		   piece



unspoken
		   truth



until we
            are free



hold my
            girl











 
check out hoopla! 
stream audiobooks, music, video & ebooks, all free with your library card!
hoopla








  

events calendar
		over 120 programs every month, all free at your library! more info



  

memory mondays
		building community & brain health! mondays, antigonish library  
		more info





  

emergency management
      resources, info, & tips to help you prepare for emergencies more info



 

conversation groups
		 learn a new language, practice, chat, & connect more info





  

cbc ideas discussion group
		chat about hot topics from podcast cbc ideas, @ pictou librarymore info


  

movies @ your library
      upcoming movies at the new glasgow and antigonish libraries. more info





enjoy your library anywhere, anytime! parl has many  online services available, including:




libby & overdrive
download ebooks & audiobooks
 newspapers & magazines
access digital newspapers & magazines with pressreader & overdrive



events calendar
browse our online events calendar for info about upcoming library programs
latest library news
branch newsletters, library highlights, news releases, & more!



rocket languages
language learning, free with your library card!
newcomer welcome centre
resources for newcomers - available online, & in-person at all our libraries.




virtual care
access virtual care @ your library, with one-on-one support
covid-19 information
access reliable, up-to-date info  from novascotia.ca



novastory
access local historical  documents, books, pamphlets, maps & more

ancestry.ca
access the world's largest family history & genealogy resource from your library

 
tumblebooks libraries
download ebooks, audiobooks, & activities for children, youth & teens! picture books, graphic novels,  & more




hoopla
streaming audiobooks, music, video & ebooks with your library card!

 
get a library card
sign up for your free library card and enjoy  all our digital library services
contact us
need help with one of our services? have a question or concern? parl library staff are here to help.




 



we are all treaty people, and in the spirit of honoring the treaties of peace and friendship with
the mi’kmaq, we acknowledge our regional library is situated in mi’kma’ki, the traditional
ancestral lands of the mi’kmaq. as a public library, we strive to honor cultural communities through collaborative programming
and collection development with intention to respectfully reflect the communities we serve, and
to understand, appreciate and respect the ways of traditional knowledge sharing and
knowledge keeping within our library spaces and practices.




your account

login

get a library card
search for a book
search for an ebook
search online databases

employment
resources for staff



 links

pictou county cultural hub
provincial library
adopt-a-library literacy program
cch
lbans
nsla
pictou county roots society
other ns libraries (en)
other ns libraries (fr)




pictou-antigonish regional library
  182 dalhousie st. p.o. box 276
  new glasgow, ns
  b2h 5e3
p: (902) 755-6031
fax: (902) 755-6775
toll free 1-866-779-7761
            

email
info@parl.ns.ca




keep in touch

library news (press releases, newsletters, library article) 
 find us on twitter
facebook parl
facebook the peoplesplace
watch our youtube channel









copyright © 2025 pictou-antigonish regional library









x
login to your account










library card #:



pin:




for your security, please log out and close your browser window when finished.



close









×
cbc ideas discussion group - drop-in


when: wednesdays, 1:00 - 2:00pm
where: murray family public library, pictou
are you a follower of the cbc ideas podcast, and would love to discuss the latest hot topics with others? drop by and join us at the pictou library on wednesday afternoons, at 1pm. all are welcome! 
for more information, please call the pictou library at (902) 485-5021 or email, pictou@parl.ns.ca.

and for more information on this, or any of our upcoming events & programs, check out our parl events calendar.


close









×
library of things


why buy when you can borrow?
there's so much to discover at your library!
did you know that you can borrow telescopes, nordic walking poles, free passes to the ymca & more? 
check out our library of things, all available for free with a library card!
learn more about:

nordic walking poles
fun fit passes
telescopes
mobile hotspots
light therapy lamps

drop by your local library to learn more!


close









×
decoste culture hub grand opening!


where:
				murray family (pictou) public library & decoste culture hub, 99 water street, pictou
when: friday november 1, 2024 (10am to 5pm)
celebrate with us as we unveil our new space!
the grand opening will feature live music, behind-the-scenes and art tours, special programs and activities. light refreshments will be served throughout the day!

10:00am - 5:00pm - “behind-the-scences” tours of the decoste culture hub throughout the day!
10:30am - 11:15am - special storytime, with guest sheree fitch, in the community room
11:15am - 12:00pm - discover the stories of the mural in the rainbow room, with illustrator doretta groendyck
10:30am - 12:00pm - explore our makerspace in the library, customize a canvas bag using our new heat press,
				    pick up a 3d printed bookmark, and more!
10:30am - 12:00pm - learn how to use ns virtual health & meet our virtual health navigator, technology
				    area
11:00am - 2:00pm - celebrate with the kilted chef as they showcase a delicious array of local foods, in the decoste’s new kitchen!
12:00pm -1:00pm - david pos jazz duo in the sunset reading atrium, ... & bring your own lunch to enjoy!
1:00pm - 1:45pm - lloyd mclean, on the grand piano, in the theatre
1:00pm - 2:30pm - fibre artist andrea delahunty demonstrating needle felting & knitting, community studio
2:00pm - 3:00pm - official opening ceremony, in the theatre
3:00pm - 4:30pm - visual artist benoit paradis demonstrating drawing techniques, in the community studio
3:30pm - 4:30pm - james and oliver ross, youth music duo, in the community room
3:30pm - 4:30pm - explore our makerspace in the library, customize a canvas bag using our new heat press,
				    pick up a 3d printed bookmark, and more!
3:30pm - 4:30pm - learn how to use ns virtual health & meet our virtual health navigator, technology area 

for more information, please contact: pictou library, 902- 485-5021, email: pictou@parl.ns.ca
and check out our events calendar for full details.
drop on by, we’d love to meet you. see you soon!


close









×
memory mondays - drop-in, everyone welcome!


mondays, 9:00am – 12:00pm, at the antigonish town & county library
coffee, conversation, and activities that are good for your brain health and well-being.  everyone is welcome.
for more information, phone the antigonish library at (902) 863-4276.
and check out our events calendar for full details on this and many other programs!


close









×
art display by david hollohan and ruth murray


august @ the antigonish library
drop by and browse the art on display in the bistro gallery and portable displays, at the antigonish library!
 this month, we feature the work of students from wild garden art studio, taught by gillian mcculloch.
for more information, please call the antigonish library at 902-863-4276, or email, antigonish@parl.ns.ca.


close









×

        beta reader spot


now available at the trenton library!
the beta reader spot is an exchange hub located at the trenton library where writers can test out their work on their target audience, and readers can get involved in the development of a book.
writers leave a manuscript with the library, give us some information about their book, and choose the type of feedback they would like. beta readers can pick a book by target audience, read the manuscript, and provide feedback for the writer.
writers can submit their work via the link below. beta readers can check out the list of currently available works.

submit manuscript
beta reader book list


contact thekla at the trenton library to learn more:

phone: 902-752-5181
email: trenton@parl.ns.ca



close









x
upcoming movies


join us at the antigonish and new glasgow library for the following movies:

"piece by piece" at the antigonish library - february 15, 2025 | 1:00pm – 2:30pm


for more information about library film screenings, please visit our full events calendar.
all are welcome! any questions, please contact the pictou-antigonish regional library headquarters, 902-755-6031.


close









×
language conversation groups at the library


french:

les amis français - weekly on fridays, 1:00pm - 2:00pm, pictou library. registration required
les amis français - weekly on saturdays, 1:30pm - 3:00pm, stellarton library. registration required
beginners' french discussion group: les amis français. weekly on mondays, 11:00am – 12:00pm pictou library. registration required.


gaelic:

gaelic friends discussion group - weekly on thursdays,12:30pm - 1:30pm, pictou library. registration required.


german:

german conversation group - monthly on the 2nd saturday of the month at 11:00am - 12:00pm, trenton library.
german conversation group - weekly on thursdays at 6:30pm - 7:30pm, pictou library.


english:

english conversation circle, hosted by the multicultural association of pictou county - held regularly at some of our parl library branches. registration required.
for more information, to register, & to find out when the conversation circle meets next, please contact nanda, with the multicultural association of pictou county, info.mapc@gmail.com.


and check out our events calendar for full details.


close

















