
















hughes brothers - wood & steel electric utility products









        skip to main content
      




























menu


main navigation


about


history


facilities


video library


company news


faqs




products


products home


storm restoration kits




careers


technical


contact




search

















  

quality forged daily.

hughes brothers products are manufactured from the highest quality raw materials and are proven to stand the test of time. we are most known for our manufactured wood framing, but many of our h-frame products have been adapted and engineered to be made of steel.



 

quality forged daily.

when extreme weather strikes, we have the experience and knowledge to assist electrical utility companies. we strive to maintain an inventory of common items and raw materials so we can respond quickly and make immediate repairs. 



 

quality forged daily.

hughes brothers is unique. we celebrate our history and live out our mission daily to work hard, smart, safely, and together. products and methods have evolved as our customers’ needs, and our technology has changed over the decades, yet we still offer items we originally designed and manufactured over 100 years ago. our drive to produce quality, affordable and on-time products has no equal.





previousnext



















view our catalog















home





the hughes difference

hughes brothers is unique. we celebrate our history and live out our mission daily to work hard, smart, safely, and together. products and methods have evolved as our customers’ needs, and our technology has changed over the decades, yet we still offer items we originally designed and manufactured over 100 years ago. our drive to produce quality, affordable and on-time products has no equal.















 

 

99000
+

product skus



 

293

employees



 

3

generations of family ownership






 
  
 


quality craftsmanship 

made in america for over 100 years, hughes brothers products are manufactured from the highest quality raw materials. we are most known for our manufactured wood framing, but many of our h-frame products have been adapted and engineered to be made of steel.over 75% of the product shipped nationwide is steel, manufactured in our versatile and ever-expanding factory. by keeping our production local, we can ensure the quality craftsmanship our customers have come to expect. quality products are forged daily with hughes brothers



 
 


responsive service

when extreme weather strikes, we have the experience and knowledge to assist electrical utility companies. we strive to maintain an inventory of common items and raw materials so we can respond quickly and make immediate repairs. we are well-respected in the industry and are seen as the most reliable supplier of wood and steel-engineered products for electrical utility companies across the nation. you can rely on hughes brothers for urgent power restoration and unique solutions.



 
 


environmental stewardship 

committed to responsible and ethical business practices, hughes brothers understands the importance and value of recycling. steel scraps are sent to a local steel mill to be melted down and rolled back into various structural shapes, many to be used by our very own facility in an endless recycling loop. wood that doesn’t meet our specifications is reclaimed into pallets, boxes, and shipping material or is chipped and pressed into briquettes to heat the factory during our cold nebraska winters. our lumber suppliers utilize tree-farmed logs from companies that plant seven times as many trees as they harvest. our pressure-treating facility increases the life span of our wood products from a few years to several decades, or in some cases even indefinitely, thus reducing the need to cut down trees.





previousnext




 





faq
we understand that you may have questions about our products or services. in this faq section, we've compiled a list of frequently asked questions to provide you with quick and easy access to information. didn't find what you're looking for? contact us for more information.
view all faqs


what is your current lead time? 

are you currently hiring? 

what type of wood and preservative do you use? 

who do i contact for information and pricing?  

do you charge for your engineering assistance?  









 





hughes news

view all news




 


our steel fabrication building is operational!november 12 2024our new 70,000 square ft state of the art steel fabrication facility is rolling, literally!  three new plate, angle and tube machines are…

 


a hughes brothers icon comes down;  for nowseptember 26 2024for decades the guyed lattice test tower has dominated the skyline of hughes brothers.  we have tested over 100 full scale structures using this…
 

schedule a factory tourjuly 13 2024recently, hughes brothers hosted employees of several great plains area utilities at its facility. sales and engineering question-and-answer sessions…








 


 

hughes brothers biggest strength is its employees. over 280 people deliver high-quality parts assembled with care and skill.



 

hughes brothers biggest strength is its employees. over 280 people deliver high-quality parts assembled with care and skill.



 

hughes brothers biggest strength is its employees. over 280 people deliver high-quality parts assembled with care and skill.



 

hughes brothers biggest strength is its employees. over 280 people deliver high-quality parts assembled with care and skill.



 

hughes brothers biggest strength is its employees. over 280 people deliver high-quality parts assembled with care and skill.





 





testimonials


  
outstanding service…your prompt response helped aeci provide the material needed to restore power to more than 300,000 arkansans.arkansas electric cooperative inc.

  
we appreciate the extra effort from everyone at hughes brothers who worked extended hours to help us get the arms we needed for tornado recovery. our customers are thankful you could make this happen.oklahoma utility company

  
thank you for getting our wishbone structures built and the extra shift you did!swppd



previousnext























footer menu


about


products


careers


technical


contact










210 n 13th st, 168 n 11th st, seward, ne 68434 phone: 402-643-2991 





























 



 



 





accessibility
privacy policy

© 2024 hughes brothers - wood & steel electric utility products · all rights reserved.
website design & development by unanimous
















