


the sermon notebook















 





 





















who 
        we are  what 
        we believe  
        where we are  
        how to contact us






















how you can help

if you really want to be a blessing 
        to this ministry, the best thing you can do for us is to pray for us on 
        a daily basis. we need god's touch as we study god's word and as we prepare 
    and present the messages he gives.



 
welcome 
        to the sermon notebook
a ministry of alan carr, pastor of calvary baptist church in lenoir, nc.
prayer for kyler glover
please pray for a 15-year-old young man named kyler glover. kyler suffered a broken leg a while back saving his sister from being hurt in a sledding incident. during a surgery to repair his leg, the surgeon severed two nerves in kyler’s leg. after the surgery, kyler developed compartmental syndrome, in which the muscles swell preventing blood flow into the leg. to treat his condition, kyler underwent a fasciotomy. this procedure required his leg to be opened, and left open for two days. the fasciotomy was required to alleviate the pressure in kyler’s leg.
after the fasciotomy, kyler developed a condition known as complex regional pain syndrome. this condition causes kyler to experience severe pain. kyler can walk, but he is in constant, extreme pain.
kyler and his family are in consultation with a surgeon in the midwest. the surgeon believes she can help kyler’s pain with a neurectomy, but there are no guarantees the surgery will be successful. it is also possible the surgery will leave kyler with permanent drop foot.
as you might imagine, kyler and his family are struggling to deal with his situation. please pray for kyler and his family. kyler’s father stephen glover is pastor of vision baptist church in mars hill, nc. kyler’s father stephen, his mother tracy, and his sisters jada, amberly, and tamia would appreciate your prayers.
thanks and god bless, alan 
 
a kidney for katie
please take the time to read the following information.
let me introduce you to katie bearden chandler. katie lives in carrollton, ga with her husband buck. katie is the daughter of dr. doug bearden and his wife gail. 
many of you know brother doug. brother doug has pastored for over 30 years in and around carrollton, ga. he has been pastor of central baptist church in carrolton for 27 years. his preaching, his fellowship, and his love for preachers have been a blessing to many of us for years. some of you know mrs. gail. she is precious, committed, godly pastor's wife, mother, and grandmother.
while you may know brother doug and mrs. gail, some of you don't know sister katie. katie is preparing for a kidney transplant. right now katie endures dialysis three times a week. a young lady from north carolina has graciously offered katie one of her kidneys. her kidney is a perfect match to katie. the surgical team is working with katie and the kidney donor to prepare them for the upcoming surgery.
katie needs at least $100,000.00 to offset the cost of surgery, and to meet the other financial needs that will arise. i am asking you to donate to help katie meet this need so she can have her surgery.
there are several ways you can donate to help katie get her new kidney. 
        1. you can go to any branch of bb&t bank and make a deposit to her account. tell the teller you want to make a deposit to katie chandler's account. 
        2. you can send her a donation through paypal using her email, which is ktbearden@yahoo.com. or, you can click the button below. everything you donate to katie goes to katie. this site receives nothing from your contributions.






3. you can send her a check made out to katie bearden chandler. her address is 903 hays mill road, apt. 1304, carrollton, ga 30117.
        

please consider helping katie. most of us don't possess the $100,000.00 she needs, but together, we can help katie get the kidney she desperately needs. your donation, of any amount, will be appreciated, and will make a difference in the life of katie chandler and her family.
thank you for your help, and god bless you.
his by grace,
        alan carr
 
this website is dedicated to sharing 
        god's truth with the men of god who minister to others. there 
        are over 1,100 written sermons and sermon outlines on this site. there are also some 140 
      audio sermons.
all the sermons and outlines on 
        this site are free for you to use as the lord leads you. all i ask is 
        that you use nothing you find here for profit, or for publication, without 
        my expressed written permission. please send me an e-mail 
        if you need more information. if this web site proves to be helpful to 
        you and your ministry, i would certainly enjoy hearing from you.
thank you for taking the time to 
        visit the sermon notebook. my desire is to provide the men of 
        god who preach and teach the word of god with biblical resources to make 
        their jobs just a little bit easier. i sincerely pray that you will find 
        just the nudge you need while you are here today! 
fat baptist blog
ministry resources
        (information about our  dvd and flash drive containing 
          about 3,000 sermons.)
alan's preaching schedule


 


    
              


  
          







e-mail the preacher: preacher@sermonnotebook.org






 









 news items





meetings and travels
i will be preaching at new prospect baptist church in horton, al, july 23-27, 2018. the pastor is kenneth shelton.      
 the church  is located at:  1393 county highway 38 horton, al.      
please join uis for meeting if you can. please pray regardless.

 the sermon notebook on dvd or flash drive
please check out the dvd 
        page if you are interested in obtaining a dvd, or if your are interested in obtaining the website, and thousands of additional sermons on usb flash drive.
new resource offer!
if you would like to receive  my new sermons on a weekly basis, you can subscribe through paypal using the button below. the cost is $60.00, which will purchase 1 year of weekly sermon updates. once per week, all new sermons will be e-mailed to your inbox. with this new service, you will no longer have to wait until the web site is updated to have access to my new sermons.
sermon subscription:






 
 





 



















who 
          we are  what 
          we believe  
          where we are  
          how to contact us
copyright 2003 by alan carr






