





imga





























international medical geology associationinternational medical geology associationall substances are poisons; there is none which is not a poison. only the dose differentiates a poison and a remedy. 
paracelsus (1493-1541)loginhomemedical geologyabout imgamg newspublicationswebinarsjoin imgaall substances are poisons; there is none which is not a poison. only the dose differentiates a poison and a remedy. 
paracelsus (1493-1541)




medical geology is defined as the science dealing with the relationship between geological factors and health problems in humans, animals and plants (cf. selinus 2002; finkelman et al. 2001). medical geology could be recognised also as geomedicine, but medical geography on the other hand has had a slightly different meaning that is related to the broader field of medical geology. medical geography looks at the geographical distribution of disease while not focusing on the underlying geology; it examines the causal associations between specific diseases and the physical and social environments (foster, 2002). the field of study is complex and requires a multidisciplinary approach using a wide variety of specialists from geologists, geochemists and medical doctors to veterinarians and biologists.medical geology is defined as the science dealing with the relationship between geological factors and health problems in humans, animals and plants (cf. selinus 2002; finkelman et al. 2001). medical geology could be recognised also as geomedicine, but medical geography on the other hand has had a slightly different meaning that is related to the broader field of medical geology. medical geography looks at the geographical distribution of disease while not focusing on the underlying geology; it examines the causal associations between specific diseases and the physical and social environments (foster, 2002). the field of study is complex and requires a multidisciplinary approach using a wide variety of specialists from geologists, geochemists and medical doctors to veterinarians and biologists.medical geology is defined as the science dealing with the relationship between geological factors and health problems in humans, animals and plants (cf. selinus 2002; finkelman et al. 2001). medical geology could be recognised also as geomedicine, but medical geography on the other hand has had a slightly different meaning that is related to the broader field of medical geology. medical geography looks at the geographical distribution of disease while not focusing on the underlying geology; it examines the causal associations between specific diseases and the physical and social environments (foster, 2002). the field of study is complex and requires a multidisciplinary approach using a wide variety of specialists from geologists, geochemists and medical doctors to veterinarians and biologists.medical geology is defined as the science dealing with the relationship between geological factors and health problems in humans, animals and plants (cf. selinus 2002; finkelman et al. 2001). medical geology could be recognised also as geomedicine, but medical geography on the other hand has had a slightly different meaning that is related to the broader field of medical geology. medical geography looks at the geographical distribution of disease while not focusing on the underlying geology; it examines the causal associations between specific diseases and the physical and social environments (foster, 2002). the field of study is complex and requires a multidisciplinary approach using a wide variety of specialists from geologists, geochemists and medical doctors to veterinarians and biologists. 








 medgeo 25

elena lacallefebruary 7, 2025medgeo

 

medgeo 25 iseg11th international conference on medical geology and 13th international symposium on environmental geochemistry (medgeo 2025 & iseg 2025)
https://www.ua.pt/pt/medgeo25iseg








 medgeo 25 iseg

elena lacalledecember 7, 2024medgeo

 

medgeo25 flyerdownload







 “special membership for galway 2024 delegates” 

elena lacallenovember 26, 2024news

pay 1 year’s membership fee for 2-year imga membership (1 year + 1 year free); pay 4 year’s membership fee for 6-year imga membership (5 year + 1 year free), if you have any questions please contact secretary@medicalgeolgy.org








 environmental geochemistry and medical geology team in colombia, by dr centeno

elena lacallenovember 12, 2024uncategorized










 student european conference

elena lacallenovember 12, 2024uncategorized


final-detailed-programme








 medgeo_23 proceedings

elena lacalleoctober 7, 2024uncategorized

 

proceedings_medgeo_2023download





page 1 of 12123...12→





contact:
secretary@medicalgeology.orgwebmaster:
webmaster@medicalgeology.orgcontact:
secretary@medicalgeology.orgwebmaster:
webmaster@medicalgeology.org© imga - international medical geology associationcookie policyprivacy policydesigned by creaciones espinosa

homemedical geologyabout imgajoin imga
 

 
 



















