






swri boulder office



















              solar system science & exploration division
	       southwest
	      research institute, boulder
	      office   space
		research missions
		&
		operations about
		us 





























swri-led lucy mission shows dinkinesh asteroid is a binary
        

          new images captured by nasa’s lucy spacecraft confirmed that
          the small main belt asteroid dinkinesh is a binary, two
          asteroids that orbit a common center of mass. the swri-led
          mission will now fly by 11 asteroids in its 12-year mission
          to jupiter’s trojan asteroids.
        
oct 18, 2023
        











swri dr. alan stern will conduct research in space
        

          dr. alan stern, planetary scientist and associate vice
          president of southwest research institute’s space science
          division, will fly aboard the virgin galactic commercial
          spaceship vss unity on a suborbital space mission.
        
oct 18, 2023
        











new model explains precious metals in earth's mangle
        

          swri's dr. simone marchi collaborated on a new study finding the first geophysically plausible scenario to explain the abundance of certain precious metals in the earth's malntle.
        
oct 9, 2023
        











nasa selects swri to lead lunar lander instrument suite

          nasa has selected southwest research institute to lead a  million lunar lander/rover instrument suite, dating an irregular mare patch with a lunar explorer, or dimple, designed to understand if the moon has been volcanically active in the geologically recent past.
        
jul 21, 2023
        











swri-led team finds ancient impacts could have fueled venus volcanism

          a swri-led team has modeled the early impact history of venus to explain it's youthful surface.
        
jul 20, 2023
        











swri to lead nasa/sservi center for lunar origin and evoloution

          swri has entered into a five-year, .5-million cooperative agreement with nasa to lead the center for lunar origin and evolution (cloe).
        
may 25, 2023
        











swri-led team successfully observes australian eclipse

          swri led a team in the unique citizen continental-america telescopic eclipse (cate) experiment to image the sun’s outer atmosphere, the corona, during a short solar eclipse on the opposite side of the earth
        
may 2, 2023
        











swri-developed instrument delivered for lunar lander mission

          swri recently delivered the lunar magnetotelluric sounder (lms) to firefly aerospace in cedar park, texas, for integration into the blue ghost lunar lander scheduled to arrive at the moon in 2024.
        
may 2, 2023
        











swri,jpl study suggests explanation for unusual radar signatures of icy satellites
        

          a study co-authored by swri senior research scientist dr. jason hofgartner explains the unusual radar signatures of icy satellites orbiting jupiter and saturn.
        
may 2, 2023
        











swri models explain canyons on pluto moon

          nasa’s new horizons spacecraft encountered the pluto-charon system, the southwest research institute-led science team discovered interesting, geologically active objects instead of the inert icy orbs previously envisioned.
        
feb 12, 2023
        











swri investigations reveal more evidence that mimas is a stealth ocean world

          swri scientist discovered surprising evidence that satern's smallest, innermost moon could support a liquid internal ocean.
        
feb 12, 2023
        











swri-led lucy team announces new asteroid target

          nasa’s lucy spacecraft will add another asteroid encounter to its 4-billion-mile journey.
        
jan 30, 2023
        


















 studying the solar system through research and exploration


	  southwest research institute's solar system science &
	  exploration division has over 100 employees and is located in
	  the wencel building at 1301 walnut st. in downtown boulder,
	  colorado.


	areas of research and development:
	
 space studies 
 planetary physics 
 planetary atmospheres and surfaces 
 lunar origin and evolution 
 solar physics 
 solar system dynamics 
 astronomy 
 computer systems 
 space operations 
 space technologies 
 mission operations 


	  southwest research institute (swri), based in san antonio,
	  texas, is an independent, nonprofit, applied engineering and
	  physical science research and development organization with
	  over 3000 employees. the solar system science &
	  exploration division's goals are excellence in space
	  research and the expansion and deepening of swri's space
	  research efforts. 
 






other swri news

upcoming colloquia


 
 
 







