







adna





































































































              home
            

              about us
            

              events
            

              festival
            

            donate
          



              join us
            

              association records
            

              contact
            















































































homeabout useventsfestivaldonate











join usassociation recordscontact









scroll






 

dedicated to the residents of downtown atlanta.

 









events & updates 




    rsvp: feb happy hour: goethe zentrum
  




    feb ‘25 general body livestream: diversion services
  




    district 4 townhall
  



adna links & info




    linktree
  



new to downtown? looking for info?check out our resources page! accepting suggestions for additional information!




    downtown resources
  



learn more about adna




    adna bylaws - revised 2021
  




    see our calendar
  




    adna's mission and goals
  



follow adna on instagram:




















































































get our monthly newsletter

 


    subscribe
  

 









what’s going on downtown?










photo by darin givens.





with so many events happening downtown, it takes several calendars to help you stay on top of things. know another good resource we should add to this list? share it with us: communications@atlantadna.org.centennial olympic park calendarspecial and ongoing events being held at the park.georgia world congress centercalendar and list of events at the gwcc, georgia dome, and centennial olympic park.mercedes benz stadiumfootball and more!central atlanta progress: downtown eventswhat’s coming up in downtown.city of atlanta public meetingsweek by week, city of atlanta public meeting schedule.city of atlanta calendarmonthly calendar of major events throughout the city.atlanta citysearchfind events, venues and reviews from citysearch critics as well as fellow atlantans.atlanta visitors and convention bureaufind events, special offers, and other things to do throughout atlanta.






 

join our 2024 meetings and events!




    see calendar
  

 









about intro



revolving info



join



what's going on downtown?



quote








 

































calendarcontact




powered by squarespace









