

 


city of york council website home page – city of york council






















































cookie consent by free privacy policy generator website









                    skip to content
                



                    skip to navigation
                











logo: visit the city of york council home page




my accountsearchcouncil services 
listen to our website using browsealoud




                        close
                        search form





how can we help you?


                                    search
                                




search








city of york council - home page










                                    search
                                




search






 











accounts and portalsaccounts and portalsparking permitsopen housing
                more
            accounts and portals linksreport problemsreport problemsreport roads and pavementsreport street lights
                more
            report problems linkspay onlinepay onlinepay council taxpay business rates
                more
            pay online linkswork with uswork with uscareer opportunitiesapprenticeships with us
                more
            work with us linkscontact uscontact uscontact your councilloremergency contacts
                more
            contact us links












get updates by email
york residents and businesses are invited to subscribe to get updates, and links to useful resources, of interest to you; we'll keep you updated with the latest information, by email. register for email updates













get latest news
get the latest news online; read the last 7 months' of articles published by our communications team.


 















current consultations
your views and feedback help us to develop the services we provide...



                have your say
             


local democracy
check our meetings calendar or council committees, and view webcasts to see how we make decisions that affect you...



                view webcasts
             















 

garden waste subscription scheme

                                        if you want us to collect your green wheelie bin at the kerbside, you'll need to subscribe and pay. households eligible to subscribe to the 2025 garden waste subscription scheme can now sign up.
                                    






 

the council plan; one city, for all

                                        our council plan for 2023 to 2027 sets out our vision and priorities for the next 4 years; we will establish conditions to make the city of york a healthier, fairer, more affordable, more sustainable and more accessible place, where everyone feels valued, creating more regional opportunities, which help today’s residents and benefit future generations.
                                    






 

help with the cost of living

                                        if you're struggling to pay everyday bills or unexpected costs then help is available. 
 £23 billion of support is unclaimed each year in the uk.

one off help is available via the household support fund or ongoing benefits such as council tax discounts or council tax support. don’t miss out.
                                    






 

register for email updates

                                        york residents and businesses are invited to subscribe to our email service, to get updates and links to useful resources.
                                    






 

fostering for city of york council

                                        we’re looking for ordinary people from all walks of life who want to do an extraordinary job. 
                                    






 

turn your engine off

                                        we're working to reduce air pollution by asking you to stop leaving your engine running when parked or waiting. our 'kick the habit' campaign raises the importance subject of clean air and the impact of pollution on our health, in a bid to change in the behaviour of drivers in our city.
                                    






 

register for ebilling

                                        use our citizen access council tax portal to apply for ebilling; you'll receive an ebilling reminder by email, prompting you to check your council tax bill online.
                                    
















        latest news
    

   start a new career in child and family social work
housing staff to support tenants experiencing domestic abuse
york furniture charity gets boosted through council-funded scheme

news centre





        follow us
    
like us on facebookfollow us on instagramsubscribe to our youtube channelfollow us on twitter
















contact usprivacyterms and conditionssecurityaccessibility 
copyright © 2025 city of york council.

                                    designed and powered by jadu









logo: visit the city of york council home page





                feedback
            

back to the top








close menu



                                    close
                                    menu




the council plan; one city, for allabout usbenefits and moneybirths, deaths and marriagesbusinesschildren and familiescouncil taxenvironment and animalshealth and social carehousingjobs, training and volunteeringparking and permitspeople and communitiesplanning and buildingschools and educationsports and leisuretravel and transportstreets, roads and pavementswaste and recycling
my accountreport problemspay onlinework with uscontact usnews centre



















