





silvercpu
















































	skip to content




 


home
about me
a day in the life
 



menu



home
about me
a day in the life
 




archives 


new years 2025every year before the new year begins, i look back at past recorded years. earlier entries have been edited for length. current year’s at the bottom if you want to skip to that.


a day in the life of lissy 2024wednesday, christmas, 12/25/24 7:10am you wake up, the kids aren’t up yet? you think about getting up and making breakfast or going back to sleep, but then you hear glenn shout. he runs into your room, “let’s open presents!” but he wants to cuddle first. wait, first he checks to make sure the snow is […]


new year survey 2024-251. what did you do in 2024 that you’d never done before? presented live at the software symposium2. did you keep your new year’s resolutions, and will you make more for next year? well, the women of ats group kinda died and i’ve been less involved in de&i because the band took up so much […]


disney world 2024saturday nov 2 you wouldn’t know it from the kids’ whining, but our flight, hotel checkin, dinner and pool time couldn’t have gone more smoothly. we’re across from my parents this year which is helpful. we also already have two character photos before even getting into the parks. sunday nov 3 i may have been […]


lego land 2024the fire alarm didn’t go off this time! actually, owen was sick the saturday before we left and the weather was supposed to be unbelievably hot with thunderstorms, so we really lucked out because no one got sick (until we got home) and the weather wasn’t too bad. if anything, it probably helped the crowds […]


new years 2024every year before the new year begins, i look back at past recorded years. earlier entries have been edited for length. current year’s at the bottom if you want to skip to that.


new year survey 2023-241. what did you do in 2023 that you’d never done before? had laparoscopic surgery2. did you keep your new year’s resolutions, and will you make more for next year? yes, all done with breastfeeding :d next year i want to get more involved in de&i events and the women of ats group.3. did anyone […]


a day in the life 2023tuesday december 5th, 2023 2am glenn is sick, he wakes up crying. you go into his room to comfort him. bryan says he’s been in a bunch of times already. you remind glenn that you need to sleep and owen is in the room with him, so he’s not alone. he goes back to sleep. […]


disney world 2023disney with two kids that aren’t that close in age is pretty difficult. fortunately we discovered glenn just hits the 38″ mark now, so he can do four new rides, though he’s not crazy about rollercoasters. so he did mine train and didn’t enjoy it much and wouldn’t go on slinky, but he did do […]


wildwood 2023we went in august, but i suppose i forgot to make a post. we didn’t stay very long, four days, three nights. lyn came with us which made dealing with glenn easier. our fist day, we headed to the beach after checking in. the water was nice and warm and the sand was super soft. […]



← older







 


all rights reserved









