






open source software in java


















recent projects
contact us











a
ajax
aspect-oriented
 
b
bloggers
build systems
bytecode
 
c
cms
cache solutions
charting & reporting
chat servers
code analyzers
code beautifiers
code coverage
collections
connection pools
crawlers
 
d
databases
 
e
ejb servers
erp & crm
esb
expression languages
 
f
forum soft
 
g
general purpose
groupware
 
h
html parsers
 
i
ides
installers
inversion of control
issue tracking
 
j
j2ee frameworks
jdbc
jms
jmx
jsp tag libraries
job schedulers
 
l
logging tools
 
m
mail clients
 
n
network clients
network servers
 
o
obfuscators
 
p
pdf libraries
parser generators
persistence
portals
profilers
 
r
rss & rdf tools
rule engines
 
s
sql clients
scripting languages
search engines
source control
 
t
template engines
testing tools
text processing
 
u
uml & modeling
 
v
validation
 
w
web frameworks
web mail
web servers
web services
web testing
wiki engines
 
x
xml parsers
xml ui toolkits
 





open source software in java
open source ajax frameworks
dwr - dwr is a java open source library which allows you to write ajax web sites. it allows code in a browser to use java functions running on a web server just as if it was in the browser. dwr works by dynamically generating javascript based on java classes. the code does some ajax magic to make it feel like the execution is happening on the browser, but in reality the server is executing the code and dwr is marshalling the data back and forwards.   
see all ajax
open source aspect-oriented frameworks in java
aspectj - aspectj is a seamless aspect-oriented extension to the java programming language, java platform compatible and easy to learn and use. aspectj enables the clean modularization of crosscutting concerns such as: error checking and handling, synchronization, context-sensitive behavior, performance optimizations, monitoring and logging, debugging support, multi-object protocols.   
see all aspect-oriented-frameworks
open source bloggers in java
the roller weblogger - a server-based weblogging software & a web application that is designed to support multiple simultaneous weblog users and visitors. roller supports all of the latest-and-greatest weblogging features such as comments, wysiwyg html editing, page templates, rss syndication, trackback, blogroll management, and provides an xml-rpc interface for blogging clients such as w:bloggar and nntp//rss.   
see all bloggers
open source build systems in java
ant - ant is a software tool for automating software build processes. it uses xml to describe the build process and its dependencies.
   
see all build-systems
open source bytecode libraries in java
javassist - javassist (java programming assistant) is a load-time reflective system for java. it is a class library for editing bytecodes in java; it enables java programs to define a new class at runtime and to modify a class file before the jvm loads it. unlike other similar systems, javassist provides source-level abstraction; programmers can modify a class file without detailed knowledge of the java bytecode. they do not have to even write an inserted bytecode sequence; javassist instead can compile a fragment of source text on line (for example, just a single statement). this ease of use is a unique feature of javassit against other tools.   
see all bytecode-libraries
open source cache solutions in java
oscache - oscache is a widely used, high performance j2ee caching framework. in addition to it's servlet-specific features, oscache can be used as a generic caching solution for any java application. a few of its generic features include:
* caching of arbitrary objects - you are not restricted to caching portions of jsp pages or http requests. any java object can be cached.
* comprehensive api - the oscache api gives you full programmatic control over all of oscache's features.
* persistent caching - the cache can optionally be disk-based, thereby allowing expensive-to-create data to remain cached even across application restarts.
* clustering - support for clustering of cached data can be enabled with a single configuration parameter. no code changes required.
* expiry of cache entries - you have a huge amount of control over how cached objects expire, including pluggable refreshpolicies if the default functionality does not meet your requirements.   
see all cache-solutions
open source charting & reporting tools in java
jfreechart - jfreechart is a free java class library for generating charts, including:
* pie charts (2d and 3d)
* bar charts (regular and stacked, with an optional 3d effect)
* line and area charts
* scatter plots and bubble charts
* time series, high/low/open/close charts and candle stick charts
* combination charts
* pareto charts
* gantt charts
* wind plots, meter charts and symbol charts
* wafer map charts   
see all charting-and-reporting
open source chat servers in java
freecs (the free chat server) - freecs is a free chatserver (webchat) written in java. its main features are:

* fully customizable layout (including the messages sent by users and the server)
* authentication by module (sql-authentication or no-authentication implemented)
* authorization-framework (who may use which command)
* networking is done with the new none-blocking-io-classes of java   
see all chat-servers
open source code analyzers in java
findbugs - findbugs looks for bugs in java programs. it can detect a variety of common coding mistakes, including thread synchronization problems, misuse of api methods, etc.   
see all code-analyzers
open source code beautifiers
jalopy - jalopy is a source code formatter for the sun java programming language. it layouts any valid java source code according to some widely configurable rules; to meet a certain coding style without putting a formatting burden on individual developers.   
see all code-beautifiers
open source code coverage tools in java
quilt - quilt is a java software development tool that measures  coverage  , the extent to which unit testing exercises the software under test. it is optimized for use with the  junit  unit test package, the  ant  java build facility, and the  maven  project management toolkit.   
see all code-coverage
open source collections libraries in java
trove - trove provides a \"free\", fast, lightweight implementations of the java.util collections api. these implementations are designed to be pluggable replacements for their jdk equivalents.   
see all collection-libraries
open source database connection pools
jakarta dbcp - dbcp is a database connection pool that relies on code in the jakarta commons-pool package to provide the underlying object pool mechanisms that it utilizes. applications can use the dbcp component directly or through the existing interface of their container / supporting framework.   
see all connection-pools
open source inversion of control containers
picocontainer - picocontainer is a lightweight embeddable container for components that honour dependency injection.   
see all containers
open source content management systems (cms) in java
infoglue - infoglue is an advanced, scalable and robust content management / portal platform written in 100% java. it is suitable for a wide range of applications and organisations. typical uses include public websites, portal solutions, intranets and extranets. the platform is released under the gpl-license and it can be run on almost any platform and most known databases.   
see all content-managment-systems
open source crawlers in java
heritrix - heritrix is the internet archive's open-source, extensible, web-scale, archival-quality web crawler project.   
see all crawlers
open source database engines in java
hypersonic sql - hsqldb is a relational database engine written in java, with a jdbc driver, supporting a rich subset of ansi-92 sql (bnf tree format). it offers a small (less than 160k), fast database engine which offers both in memory and disk based tables. embedded and server modes are available. additionally, it includes tools such as a minimal web server, in-memory query and management tools (can be run as applets) and a number of demonstration examples.   
see all database-engines
open source ejb servers
jboss - jboss is advanced middleware with a full j2ee based personality that it departments look for. but that is not all, the oem and isv community embraced jboss as a highly flexible service oriented architecture on which to build their own products.   
see all ejb-servers
open source enterprise service bus in java
servicemix - apache servicemix is an open source distributed enterprise service bus (esb) and soa toolkit built from the ground up on the semantics and apis of the java business integration (jbi) specification jsr 208 and released under the apache license.

servicemix is lightweight and easily embeddable, has integrated spring support and can be run at the edge of the network (inside a client or server), as a standalone esb provider or as a service within another esb. you can use servicemix in java se or a java ee application server.

servicemix uses activemq to provide remoting, clustering, reliability and distributed failover.   
see all enterprise-service-bus
open source erp & crm software
compiere erp - compiere is a open source erp software application with fully integrated crm software solutions. compiere is a fully integrated business solution for small-to-medium enterprises worldwide. compiere is based on business process rather then departmental boundaries.   
see all erp-crm
open source expression languages in java
ognl - ognl stands for object-graph navigation language; it is an expression language for getting and setting properties of java objects. you use the same expression for both getting and setting the value of a property.

the ognl.ognl class contains convenience methods for evaluating ognl expressions. you can do this in two stages, parsing an expression into an internal form and then using that internal form to either set or get the value of a property; or you can do it in a single stage, and get or set a property using the string form of the expression directly.

   
see all expression-languages
open source forum software in java
mvnforum - mvnforum is an open source, powerful, easy to use, easy to setup bulletin board (forum) built on the java j2ee technology (jsp/servlet). mvnforum is compatible with any servlet containers which supports jsp 1.2 and servlet 2.3.   
see all forum-software
open source general purpose libraries in java
j.a.d.e. java addition to default environment - the jade library provides \"context programming\" which allows: 
- objects to be allocated on the \"stack\" to avoid garbage collection and provide faster execution speed (poolcontext). - automatic concurrency in low level method to take advantage of multi-processors (or hyper-threading) in a transparent manner (concurrentcontext).
- thread-based inheritable local/global settings (localcontext).
this library also provides
- struct/union classes for interoperability with c/c++.
- a math package with the first (and unique) generic matrix class to solve linear systems of any kind.
- physical quantities for which the dimension checking is done in the form of class-type checking (e.g. the division of a length by a duration returns a velocity instance).
- real-time xml parser with no dynamic object creation (the world fastest by a factor 2-3x) and much, much more...   
see all general-purpose
open source groupware software in java
ivata op - ivata op is a great tool to enable teams to:

* find contacts in team and private address books
* share documents
* post articles & notes
* comment on articles
* receive notifications via mail
* plan meetings and other events in the calendar
* access email via the web
* store different document versions in a virtual drive   
see all groupware
open source html parsers in java
nekohtml - nekohtml is a simple html scanner and tag balancer that enables application programmers to parse html documents and access the information using standard xml interfaces. the parser can scan html files and \"fix up\" many common mistakes that human (and computer) authors make in writing html documents. nekohtml adds missing parent elements; automatically closes elements with optional end tags; and can handle mismatched inline element tags.   
see all html-parsers
open source ides in java
eclipse - eclipse is a kind of universal tool platform - an open extensible ide for anything and nothing in particular.   
see all ides
open source installers generators in java
izpack - izpack is an installers generator for the java platform. it produces lightweight installers that can be run on any operating system where a java virtual machine is available. depending on the operating system, it can be launched by a double-click or a simple 'java -jar installer.jar' on a shell. the most common use is to distribute applications for the java platform, but you can also use it for other kinds of projects. the main benefit of izpack is that it provides a clean and unique way of distributing a project to users using different operating systems.   
see all installer-generators
open source issue tracking software in java
scarab - the goal of the scarab project is to build an artifact tracking system that has the following features:

* a full feature set similar to those found in other artifact tracking systems: data entry, queries, reports, notifications to interested parties, collaborative accumulation of comments, dependency tracking
* in addition to the standard features, scarab has fully customizable and unlimited numbers of modules (your various projects), artifact types (defect, enhancement, requirement, etc), attributes (operating system, status, priority, etc), attribute options (p1, p2, p3) which can all be defined on a per module basis so that each of your modules is configured for your specific tracking requirements.
* built using java servlet technology for speed, scalability, maintainability, and ease of installation.
* import/export ability via xml allowing for easy migration from other systems (e.g. bugzilla).
* modular code design that allows manageable modifications of existing and new features over time.
* fully customizable through a set of administrative pages.
* easily modified ui look and feel.
* can be integrated into larger systems by re-implementing key interfaces.
* is a ready to use issue management system   
see all issue-trackers
open source j2ee frameworks
spring - spring is a layered java/j2ee application framework, based on code published in expert one-on-one j2ee design and development   
see all j2ee-frameworks
open source jdbc drivers
c-jdbc - c-jdbc is a free open source database cluster middleware that allows any java application (standalone application, servlet or ejb container, ...) to transparently access a cluster of databases through jdbc(tm). the database is distributed and replicated among several nodes and c-jdbc balances the queries among these nodes. c-jdbc handles node failures and provides support for checkpointing and hot recovery.   
see all jdbc
open source jms
openjms - openjms is an open source implementation of sun microsystems's  java message service api 1.0.2 specification. features include:     
*  point-to-point and publish-subscribe messaging models
* guaranteed delivery of messages
* synchronous and asynchronous message delivery
* persistence using jdbc
* local transactions
* message filtering using sql92-like selectors
* authentication
* administration gui
* xml-based configuration files
* in-memory and database garbage collection
* automatic client disconnection detection
* applet support
* integrates with servlet containers such as jakarta tomcat
* support for rmi, tcp, http and ssl protocol stacks
* support for large numbers of destinations and subscribers   
see all jms
open source jmx tools
xmojo - the xmojo project is a free open source implementation of jmx specification. this implementation is derived from adventnet's jmx implementation, which has been available in the industry since 1999. apart from complete implementation of jmx specification, xmojo also contains contributions of adaptors, such as html and rmi and rich tools, such as mbean browser.   
see all jmx
open source job schedulers in java
quartz - quartz is an open source job scheduling system that can be integrated with, or used along side virtually any j2ee or j2se application. quartz can be used to create simple or complex schedules for executing tens, hundreds, or even tens-of-thousands of jobs; jobs whose tasks are defined as standard java components or ejbs.   
see all job-schedulers
open source jsp tag libraries
display tag library - the display tag library is an open source suite of custom tags that provide high level web presentation patterns which will work in an mvc model. the library provides a significant amount of functionality while still being simple and straight-forward to use.   
see all jsp-tag-libraries
open source logging tools in java
log4j - log4j is a logging tool that allows you to log at runtime without modifying the application binary. the log4j package is designed so that logging statements can remain in shipped code without incurring a heavy performance cost. logging behavior can be controlled by editing a configuration file, without touching the application binary.   
see all logging
open source mail clients in java
columba - columba is an email client written in java, featuring a user-friendly graphical interface with wizards and internationalization support.

its a powerful email management tool with features to enhance your productivity and communication.   
see all mail-clients
open source network clients in java
jftp - jftp is a graphical java network and file transfer client.

it supports ftp using its own ftp api and various other protocols like smb, sftp, nfs, http, and file i/o using third party apis, includes many advanced features such as recursive directory up/download, browsing ftp servers while transferring files, ftp resuming and queueing, browsing the lan for windows shares, and more.   
see all network-clients
open source network servers in java
quickserver - quickserver is a free, open source java library for quick creation of robust and multi-threaded, multi-client tcp server applications. with quickserver one can just concentrate on just the application logic/protocol on hand.   
see all network-servers
open source obfuscators in java
proguard - proguard is a free java class file shrinker and obfuscator. it can detect and remove unused classes, fields, methods, and attributes. it can then rename the remaining classes, fields, and methods using short meaningless names. the resulting jars are smaller and harder to reverse-engineer.   
see all obfuscators
open source parser generators in java
antlr - another tool for language recognition, (formerly pccts) is a language tool that provides a framework for constructing recognizers, compilers, and translators from grammatical descriptions containing java, c#, or c++ actions. antlr provides excellent support for tree construction, tree walking, and translation.   
see all parser-generators
open source pdf libraries in java
itext - itext is a library that allows you to generate pdf files on the fly. the itext classes are very useful for people who need to generate read-only, platform independent documents containing text, lists, tables and images. the library is especially useful in combination with java(tm) technology-based servlets: the look and feel of html is browser dependent; with itext and pdf you can control exactly how your servlet's output will look.   
see all pdf-libraries
open source persistence frameworks in java
hibernate - hibernate is a powerful, ultra-high performance object/relational persistence and query service for java. hibernate lets you develop persistent objects following common java idiom - including association, inheritance, polymorphism, composition and the java collections framework. extremely fine-grained, richly typed object models are possible. the hibernate query language, designed as a \"minimal\" object-oriented extension to sql, provides an elegant bridge between the object and relational worlds. hibernate is now the most popular orm solution for java.   
see all persistence
open source portals in java
exo platform - the exo platform is a powerful open source - jsr 168 compliant - enterprise portal built from several modules. it's based on java server faces, pico container, jbossmx and aspectj.   
see all portals
open source profilers in java
jrat - jrat is the java runtime analysis toolkit. its purpose is to enable developers to better understand the runtime behavior of their java programs. the term \"behavior\" includes, but is not limited to performance profiling.   
see all profilers
open source rss & rdf tools in java
informa - informa project provides a rss (rich site summary) library based on the java platform. features include: import, export, storing, search, etc.   
see all rss-rdf-tools
open source rule engines in java
drools - drools is an object-oriented rule engine for java.  drools is an augmented implementation of forgy's rete algorithm tailored for the java language. adapting rete to an object-oriented interface allows for more natural expression of business rules with regards to business objects.

more importantly, drools provides for declarative logic programming and is flexible enough to match the semantics of your problem domain. the various parts that compose a rule may be extended to lend domain-specific sense to the rule.   
see all rule-engines
open source scripting languages in java
groovy - groovy is a new agile dynamic language for the jvm combining lots of great features from languages like python, ruby and smalltalk and making them available to the java developers using a java-like syntax.
groovy is designed to help you get things done on the java platform in a quicker, more concise and fun way - bringing the power of python and ruby inside the java platform.

groovy can be used as an alternative compiler to javac to generate standard java bytecode to be used by any java project or it can be used dynamically as an alternative language such as for scripting java objects, templating or writing unit test cases.   
see all scripting-languages
open source search engines in java
egothor - egothor is an open source, high-performance, full-featured text search engine written entirely in java. it is technology suitable for nearly any application that requires full-text search, especially cross-platform. it can be configured as a standalone engine, metasearcher, peer-to-peer hub, and, moreover, it can be used as a library for an application that needs full-text search.   
see all search-engines
source control tools in java
java cvs client - a library that implements a cvs protocol client in java. the library is essentially complete. there are a few non-essential commands still to be implemented but the code is stable.   
see all source-control
open source sql clients in java
squirrel sql client - squirrel sql client is a graphical java program that will allow you to view the structure of a jdbc compliant database, browse the data in tables, issue sql commands etc. the minimum version of java supported is 1.3   
see all sql-clients
open source template engines in java
velocity - velocity is a java-based template engine. it permits web page designers to reference methods defined in java code. velocity can be used to generate web pages, sql, postscript and other output from templates. it can be used either as a standalone utility for generating source code and reports, or as an integrated component of other systems   
see all template-engines
open source testing tools in java
junit - junit is a regression testing framework written by erich gamma and kent beck. it is used by the developer who implements unit tests in java.   
see all testing-tools
open source text processing tools
jakarta oro - the jakarta-oro java classes are a set of text-processing java classes that provide perl5 compatible regular expressions, awk-like regular expressions, glob expressions, and utility classes for performing substitutions, splits, filtering filenames, etc. this library is the successor to the oromatcher, awktools, perltools, and texttools libraries originally from oro, inc. despite little activity in the form of new development initiatives, issue reports, questions, and suggestions are responded to quickly.   
see all text-processing
open source uml & modeling in java
argouml - argouml is a powerful yet easy-to-use interactive, graphical software design environment that supports the design, development and documentation of object-oriented software applications.   
see all uml-modeling
open source validation frameworks
commons validator - commons validator provides the building blocks for both client side validation and server side data validation. it may be used standalone or with a framework like struts.   
see all validation
open source web frameworks in java
struts - the core of the struts framework is a flexible control layer based on standard technologies like java servlets, javabeans, resourcebundles, and xml, as well as various jakarta commons packages. struts encourages application architectures based on the model 2 approach, a variation of the classic model-view-controller (mvc) design paradigm.   
see all web-frameworks
open source web mail clients in java
jwebmail - webmail is a www-frontend to imap/pop3 mailboxes. you can compare it to the systems hotmail, yahoomail etc use. it allows a user to access his mailbox via the world wide web and do most things other mail programs allow to do, even if he is not sitting on his own personal computer or corporate lan.   
see all web-mail
open source web servers in java
jakarta tomcat - tomcat is the servlet container that is used in the official reference implementation for the java servlet and javaserver pages technologies. the java servlet and javaserver pages specifications are developed by sun under the java community process.   
see all web-servers
open source web services tools in java
axis - axis is the third generation of apache soap (which began at ibm as \"soap4j\"). it also includes:
* a simple stand-alone server,
* a server which plugs into servlet engines such as tomcat,
* extensive support for the web service description language (wsdl),
* emitter tooling that generates java classes from wsdl.
* some sample programs, and
* a tool for monitoring tcp/ip packets.   
see all web-services-tools
open source web testing tools in java
htmlunit - htmlunit is a java unit testing framework for testing web based applications. it is similar in concept to httpunit but is very different in implementation. which one is better for you depends on how you like to write your tests. httpunit models the http protocol so you deal with request and response objects. htmlunit on the other hand, models the returned document so that you deal with pages and forms and tables.   
see all web-testing-tools
open source wiki engines in java
jspwiki - a wikiwiki web clone written using jsps and servlets   
see all wiki-engines
open source xml parsers in java
xerces - the xerces java parser 1.4.4 supports the xml 1.0 recommendation and contains advanced parser functionality, such as support for the w3c's xml schema recommendation version 1.0, dom level 2 version 1.0, and sax version 2, in addition to supporting the industry-standard dom level 1 and sax version 1 apis.   
see all xml-parsers
open source xml ui toolkits in java
luxor - luxor is a free, open-source xml ui language (xul) toolkit in released under the gnu general public license (gpl) that lets you build uis using xml and includes an ultra-light weight, multi-threaded web server, a portal engine, a template engine (velocity), a scripting interpreter (python) and more.   
see all xml-user-interface-toolkits







  







                    
                            java is a trademark or registered trademark of sun microsystems, inc. in the united states
                            and other countries. this site is independent of sun microsystems, inc.
                        
                    






