
 iu southeast 






























skip to content
skip to main navigation
skip to search








indiana university southeast
indiana university southeast
iu southeast











menu
admissions
apply now
academics
students
athletics
news & events
alumni & giving
community
about


homeadmissionsapply nowacademicsstudentsathleticsnews & eventsalumni & givingcommunityabout



indiana university southeast


your brighter future begins here.your brighter future begins here.request information . get more information on our programs, campus life, financial aid, and more.career focused . great job. good salary. how do you define success? look at how our grads stack up.apply now . your brighter future can begin today.it's your time to shine.you've been dreaming of your future for a long time, and choosing the right university is the first step in achieving your goals. whatever your chosen path, we offer ample opportunities to get you there.find the degree program that's right for you.step 1: choose your area of interestarea of interest
art, design, performancebusiness and organizationscommunicationeducationscience, tech, engineeringhealth and wellnessenvironmentsociety, community, cultureglobal perspectiveslaw and justice
step 2: select your academic levelacademic level
bachelor's degreescertificates: graduatecertificates: undergraduatemaster's degreespost-master's/specialist degrees
step 3: view our available programschoose the programgo to program
 still unsure of what undergraduate program is right for you? learn more about our advising center for exploratory students (aces) or schedule an appointment with an admissions counselor.let iu southeast help you achieve your brighter futureaffordabilitylearn more about the numerous ways you can fund your college education.visit our beautiful campusexplore iu southeast virtually or by scheduling a socially distanced campus visit.150+ undergraduate degree programs50+ graduate degree programs100+student organizations99%of graduates employed or attending graduate schoolgrenadier spotlightsee why you belongplanning a visit to iu southeast is a great way to determine if it’s the right fit for you. we offer daily group tours, specialized personal tours, and even a virtual tour to introduce you to life at iu southeast.a campus visit can include speaking with faculty, visiting laboratories and studios, or talking with other students about their experiences at iu southeast. sign up for a visit today!plan a visitapply now for 2025whether you’re a high school senior, a transfer from another college or university, or an adult looking to complete your undergraduate degree, iu southeast is here to help you achieve your brighter future.applying never has been easier. there is no essay, no testing, and now, for residents of the united states, no application fee. why wait? your dream of a college degree and the job you’ve always wanted is just a click away.apply to iu southeastnot just an education. an experience.learn – connect – experienceat iu southeast, we truly want you to shine bright. that’s why your future, your career, is at the forefront of everything we do. we empower you to achieve the future you want by giving you skills employers want and we connect you to top companies for internships and to land that dream job.explore our approach to education


get connected to campusupcoming events
there are no events at this time.
follow us on social mediafacebookflickrinstagramlinkedinsnapchattwitteryoutubeupcoming games



feb
18



2/18 6:30 pm indiana university southeast men’s basketball at brescia university (ky.)

starts at 6:30 p.m.
owensboro, ky
-


feb
18



2/18 8:30 pm indiana university southeast women’s basketball at brescia university (ky.)

starts at 8:30 p.m.
owensboro, ky
-
 
ius athletics   game scheduleyour brighter future begins hererequest informationvisit campusapply now






contact, address and additional links



services

canvas
one.iu
library
askiu



email

about email at iu
outlook web access





for prospective students

request information



find

directory
a-z list
schedule of classes
map and directions
academic calendar
accreditation
faculty and staff resources





resources

it services
bookstore
diversity
non-discrimination notice
university police
required disclosures
bad weather policy
emergency information
accessible educational services





 indiana university southeast

      (812) 941-2333
      4201 grant line rd.
      new albany, in 47150
      


facebook
flickr
instagram
linkedin
snapchat
twitter
youtube


view the website in español











accessibility | college scorecard | privacy notice

 | 
copyright © 2025 the trustees of 
indiana university















