






































    
    newport ri hotels | weekend getaways bed and breakfast | beech tree inn and cottage
  
  















          


       home



  rooms



  policies



  the inn


   breakfast & amenities



  we love dogs



  about



  contact



  our pictures





  gift certificates



  guide to newport



  the newp scoop



  book now








  





       


   

(401) 847-9794


   

policies


   

book now






 



           

  beech tree inn & cottage
relax, recharge, repeat—when you’re here, you’re home.

  

book a room



 

  breakfast like home.
sizzle, smile, repeat—breakfast hot off the grill, just for you.

  

book a table



 

  comfort awaits you
clean, cozy, and homey—every stay, every time.

  

book a room









   

  book your perfect escape in newport!

   check-in:


 check-out:


  book now




     

call us




  

policies




    pay cash and save

    offer valid only if you book via 
beechtreeinn.com.to claim your discount please type cash in the "special request" field.your credit card will be authorized for the full amount until we receive cash payment, then we'll release the hold.this offer is not valid for reservations made through online travel agencies.

  

get in touch







    
      

  rooms
  

button










  
      

  the newp scoop
  

button










  
      

  breakfast
  

button












    
      

  we ♥ dogs
pet-friendly stays at beech tree inn: your home away from home  at beech tree inn & cottage, we know pets are family, which is why we proudly offer pet-friendly accommodations for your newport getaway. located in the heart of this historic seaside town, our inn ensures that both you and your furry companions feel right at home.  why choose beech tree inn for your pet-friendly stay?  spacious rooms designed with comfort in mind for you and your pet. convenient outdoor areas for strolls and playtime. access to nearby pet-friendly parks, beaches, and attractions. whether you're exploring newport’s scenic cliff walk, enjoying the harbor views, or simply relaxing at the inn, your pet will enjoy the trip as much as you do. with our warm hospitality and thoughtful amenities, we make traveling with pets stress-free and enjoyable.  plan your stay today! make your next trip unforgettable by choosing beech tree inn, where you and your pet are always welcome. book now to experience the best pet-friendly lodging newport has to offer!
  

button










  
      

  location
  

button










  
      

  about us
  

button












    guest reviews

   
 was our first stay, but it won’t be the last.the effort that the beech tree inn and cottage put into providing us with the most enjoyable experience is hard to match. they went above and beyond to make us feel welcome as soon as we arrived. the rooms were clean nicely and we were provided with any amenity, from a closet for storage to bottles of shampoo, lotion, etc. i am so happy that i stumbled upon this gem for my girlfriend and i, i would book there again without hesitation. plus, a delicious complimentary homemade breakfast never hurts.
justin c


 
 friendly and welcoming - a perfect place for a newport getaway!we had a wonderful stay at the beech tree inn. we have stayed here several times over the last five years - always clean, comfortable and the owners are very friendly. the breakfast is delicious and the location is nice- out of the fray but convenient to walk to downtown, the cliff walk, easton beach or the restaurants on broadway. we highly recommend the inn if you are planning to visit newport!
melnie55


 
 lovely inn.we have stayed in several b&b in newport and we really loved this place. friendly helpful hosts with their big friendly dog! impeccably clean. yummy breakfast. we paid extra to get a room with a hot tub--so relaxing. the fireplace was romantic. check in was different but all was fine. nice idea of key pad on the doors. safe neighborhood. i would return.
reaganteacher


 
 great stay!clean great staff owner(morgan) hands on an so kind and attentive. breakfast was good walking distance to restaurants and close to downtown. btw owners dog she was friendly too. stay here you will not regret. i plan on going again soon.
david c


 
 newport winner.quaint, well appointed old colonial. good location, you can walk to many quality restaurants, bars. booked room with gas fireplace, and real deal whirlpool tub. clean, spacious, comfortable. sitting room on 1st floor with books, snacks gas fireplace. nice breakfast, hosted by very outgoing, extremely responsive owner (and great friendly dog !). had small issue with some noise from another room that was resolved in less than 5 minutes. 100% would stay here again.
noschelo












       stay up to date:


  contact us
   your email

 first name

 last name




you're signed up and we look forward to delivering you the best offers and news!
oops, there was an error with your signup.please try again later.


  location
34 rhode island ave, newport, rhode island, united states



    beech tree inn and cottage




     © 2025 
beechtreeinn | all rights reserved | powered by cloudbeds



   

book a room


     

 

 





 privacy & cookies 
| 
terms & conditions


























































































































  
  share by:






 
  
  



 







