









dream pod 9 – welcome to dream pod 9
















































 






 
















 






toggle navigation




menu




news
blogs
games
support
downloads
galleries
kickstarters
 

















 

prev
1of1
next



news



happy valentine’s day from the staff at dream pod 9!

 february 14, 2025 1:03 am
	 robert dubois





it’s still only february 13th here in montreal, with a snow storm hitting today and schools closed. but around the world in new zealand its already valentine’s day february 14th 2025, so we’re getting our post out a bit early.



we asked artist john bell to have fun and he made a gear ball themed chibi artwork this year with the american super bowl being last weekend. cheer for our hero charging up the field to their loved one!






northern panda fire support gear – available now!

 february 1, 2025 7:26 am
	 robert dubois




the panda is a fire support gear for the northern faction of heavy gear blitz. it’s a more advanced version of the grizzly and was 3d modeled by tony baltera, based on a design shown in the old heavy gear vehicle compendium. checkout photos below of the assembled and painted panda, by alain gadbois. plus resin parts photo and a photo of the panda beside the original pewter grizzly miniature and an image of the panda hgb model stats sheet.
contents: 1x panda gear for the northern faction. includes all the variant weapons and 40mm round base. packaged is clam shell blister to protect the resin parts.
1/144 scale 3d printed abs like resin miniature, 47mm tall with base to top of the v-engine.
assembly and painting required, decals not included.
the panda is now available to purchase in the new releases section of the dream pod 9 online store at the following link.
https://store.dp9.com/new-releases















springer riders for all terra novan factions of heavy gear blitz – available now!

 january 7, 2025 4:14 pm
	 robert dubois




another big reveal today with the release of the new springer riders infantry for use with all the terra novan factions (north, south, peace river, nucoal, black talon, and leagueless) of heavy gear blitz. 3d modeler, taro kawagoe did an amazing job bring the terra novan springer to life in 3d, checkout the original color artwork below. he added some northern themed riders on their backs with weapons and flowing capes. then we had alain gadbois paint up the springer riders and we took photos of the painted team and individual minis at different angles and of the resin parts to…
happy new gear from dream pod 9!

 january 1, 2025 1:21 am
	 robert dubois







golden gear 2024 painting competition winners and honorable mentions!

 december 31, 2024 2:06 pm
	 robert dubois




the golden gear 2024 was another big success we received lots of amazing entries for all the categories. it took a while for our dp9 montreal staff judges (alain gadbois, john bell, and robert dubois) to select the winners and honorable mentions. congratulations to the winners listed below. best heavy gear blitz miniature winner: austin friestman – snakeye black mamba (prize: golden gear 2024 trophy and $125 usd dp9 online store rewards points credit). best heavy gear blitz combat group winner: piotr stankiewicz – black talon combat group (prize: golden gear 2024 trophy and $225 usd dp9 online store rewards…
merry christmas and happy holidays from dream pod 9!

 december 25, 2024 8:51 pm
	 robert dubois




just a quick post to wish everyone a merry christmas and happy holidays. its a white christmas in montreal, canada this year with a good snow fall on december 24th to get everyone in the christmas spirt. we hope you all have a great time with family and friends this holiday season.



blogs



golden gear 2024 painting competition – entry photos!
posted december 23, 2024 by robert dubois

the golden gear 2024 entry deadline has now passed and we’ve been busy this last week making the entry image graphics for all the entries received. the golden gear 2024 categories, prizes, and rules are listed below. dream pod 9’s montreal staff of robert dubois, john bell, and alain gadbois will be taking time over the next week to judge all the entries and tabulate them. then well make another post to announce golden gear 2024 winners and honorable mentions before years end. like in past years honorable mentions will each be receiving a $20 usd dp9 online store rewards points credit to their accounts. and everyone else that sent in an entry, but didn’t win or get an honorable mention with be getting a $5 usd dp9 online store rewards points credit to their accounts as a thank you for participating.
a big thank you to everyone who entered this year and we wish you all a merry christmas and happy new gear!
the categories
– best heavy gear blitz miniature
best heavy gear blitz miniature.
– best heavy gear blitz combat group
best heavy gear blitz combat group of 4 or more miniatures.
– best duelist
best duelist heavy gear blitz or arena miniature, should have at least 1 melee weapon.
– best custom build
best custom build must include some hgb or hga parts then painters are free to go wild and build the gear of their dreams.
the rules
miniatures: all heavy gear blitz & heavy gear arena minis can be entered into the golden gear painting competition. conversions and decals are allowed and encouraged. custom bases and plinths are allowed, hex bases are not required.
the prizes
– best hgb miniature winner receives a trophy plus $125 usd dp9 store credit.
– best hgb combat group winner receives a trophy plus $225 usd dp9 store credit.
– best duelist winner receives a trophy plus $125 usd dp9 store credit.
– best custom build winner receives a trophy plus $125 usd dp9 store credit.
submissions: email up to five photos per entry to rdubois@dp9.com, please include category and description of the minis entered plus your full name. by submitting your photos you grant dream pod 9 the right to publish the submitted photos. entrants may submit entries to multiple categories, however, every submission must be unique. current dream pod 9 staff are excluded from the competition.
entry deadline was december 15th 2024 at midnight eastern standard time.
visit the dp9 forum thread at the link below to see larger version miniature photos:
https://dp9forum.com/topic/27986-golden-gear-2024-painting-competition-entry-photos/






































































 


sharing a terra nova xmass song
posted december 22, 2024 by robert dubois



this morning i woke up to an early xmas present in my youtube videos feed that i wanted to share with everyone. heavy gear fan, smight78 on youtube made a heavy gear themed terra nova christmas carol that i want to share with all our heavy gear fans.



checkout the song/video at the following link and give the video a like and subscribe to smight78’s channel to thank him for the early xmas present.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htn-55hatwa














free ebooks
see the downloads page for more!


jovian wars miniatures assembly guideclick here to get the free pdf, hosted on drive thru rpg.




previous
next


dream pod 9 facebook pagelike us on facebook & receive all the latest news posts.
dream pod 9 online storeour online store is open 24/7 for all your hgb & jw needs.
dream pod 9 forumhgb and jw rules discussion, local demos, news, and more.
gear grindervisit the gear grinder website for fast hgb force building.
fusion modelsvisit the fusion models section of the dp9 online store.




search for:





recent posts


happy valentine’s day from the staff at dream pod 9!
february 14, 2025


important changes to the dream pod 9 online store due to us tariff of 25% on canadian imports to the usa!
february 3, 2025


northern panda fire support gear – available now!
february 1, 2025


springer riders for all terra novan factions of heavy gear blitz – available now!
january 7, 2025


happy new gear from dream pod 9!
january 1, 2025


 




firstmag created by themes4wp










 




















































































loading comments...



 



													you must be logged in to post a comment.												



























































