cisco press: source for cisco technology, ccna, ccnp, ccie self-study | cisco press
						



					if(isenablega){
					if(currentenvironment == 'qa'){
					
					}else{
					
					}
					}
				cisco press


view your cart
        


join|sign in

searchshop by certnew titles and certification informationccstccnacyberopsdevnetccnp enterpriseccnp data centerccnp securityccnp collaborationccieccdeformatsbooksebooksexam voucherspractice testsproduct supportregister a productsoftwarevideocisco networking academyvideo trainingexploreaboutaffiliate programauthorschapters & articlesdeals & promotionsnewsletterspress & media relationssalesseriessupport








ccna
automation
ccnp







coming soon  | just released   






 ccst networking: latency, delay, speed test vs. iperf
prepare for your ccst networking exam in 31 days. review the different measurements for network performance, the sources of delay, testing network performance online, and testing network performance using the windows iperf tool.
 implementing basic ospf features
configuring ospf, using mostly default settings for all the optional features, requires only a few commands. here you will learn how to implement ospfv2 using network commands and interface subcommands. this sample chapter from ccna 200-301 official cert guide covers the following ccna 200-301 v1.1 exam objectives: 3.0 ip connectivity to 3.4.d router id.
 first hop redundancy protocols
first hop redundancy protocols (fhrps) add the function of redundancy and load sharing for the default router function in any subnet. in this sample chapter you will learn the purpose, functions, and concepts of fhrps. this chapter covers the following exam objectives from the ccna 200-301 v1.1 exam: 3.0 ip connectivity and 3.5 fhrps
 sd-wan and dmvpn
learn common design strategies in sd-wan and dmvpn deployments, and how to design and deploy these two technologies to integrate with other ibn domains, in this sample chapter from designing real-world multi-domain networks.
 pyats triggers and verifications
the pyats library (genie) provides the genie harness to execute network tests with dynamic and robust capabilities. the genie harness can be daunting for new users of the pyats library (genie), as there are many configuration options and parameters. by the end of the chapter, you'll understand the powerful capabilities of genie harness and how to write and execute triggers and verifications.
 the meraki admin experience
the cisco meraki platform can now be used to manage all digital cloud operations in one single integration. in this sample chapter from cisco meraki fundamentals: cloud-managed operations, you will learn how the dashboard can help administrators monitor and proactively address potential issues in their day-to-day workflow.






• cisco certification information
• networking technology series
• sign up for special offers
• register your product
• shipping information
• schedule your exam with pearson vue
• follow @ciscopress on twitter







ebook deal of the week







ccnp security sise 300-715 official cert guide premium edition	


                        sale price: $39.99
                    

                            you save 50%
                        

learn more


buy











video deal of the week







tcp/ip fundamentals livelessons, 2nd edition	


                        sale price: $119.99
                    

                            you save 60%
                        

learn more


buy







just released










cisco certified support technician (ccst) it support - 100-140 official cert guide


                            by mark smith, david bayne, john pickard



            $39.99 
                (save 20%)
        















cisco certified support technician (ccst) it support - 100-140 official cert guide premium edition and practice test


                            by mark smith, david bayne, john pickard



            $47.99 
                (save 20%)
        















segment routing for service provider and enterprise networks


                            by florian deragisch, leonir hoxha, rene minder, matthys rabe, kateel vijayananda



            $71.99 
                (save 20%)
        






see all books



coming soon












redefining hacking: a comprehensive guide to red teaming and bug bounty hunting in an ai-driven world


                            by omar santos, savannah lazzara, wesley thurner



            $38.39 
                (save 20%)
        













redefining hacking: a comprehensive guide to red teaming and bug bounty hunting in an ai-driven world


                            by omar santos, savannah lazzara, wesley thurner



            $47.99 
                (save 20%)
        






see all coming soon books






aboutaffiliatescisco systems, inc.cookiesfaqlegal noticeordering informationpearson+privacy noticedo not sell my personal informationsupportwrite for us© 2025 pearson education, cisco press. all rights reserved.
								221 river street, hoboken, nj 07030
