



calendar of events and event calendars with e-mail reminders from eventsgalore.net












eventsgalore.net


for event providers


for event seekers


rates



contact us


about us






eventsgalore.net® "connecting people and events using web calendars with automatic e-mail reminders!"





welcome to eventsgalore.net!

 after 16 years, the eventsgalore.net service was shut down in 2017. while it was more popular than expected with people who created events calendars on eventsgalore.net, i was hoping a few of their many subscribers would create a calendar for their own org, and it would grow. but this never happened and i was losing money, so i shut it down. also, some unscrupulous folks made things difficult by "borrowing" my domain and even attacking the site on a couple of occasions. stressful.
 

 i learned a lot about business, user interfaces, and some new coding tricks, so it was worth it.
 
 information about the site has been left up for posterity. contact jim winkle with questions.
 






for event providers (more)

want to increase attendance at your events? put your organization's
calendar of events on the web using eventsgalore.net and people can receive 
automatic e-mail reminders of your events!

there are probably many people who would like to come to your events, but they simply
need a friendly reminder.





how it works


 create a calendar: 
you can do it in one minute. no software installation necessary. no html knowledge required.
 login, and add some events: enter a title, date, time, duration, and description if you want. 
 get subscribers, promote your calendar:

 existing customers: have a sign-up sheet at your counter (ask for e-mail addresses) and subscribe interested people. or tell them how to subscribe themselves via a newsletter article or handbill they can take with them.
 new customers: direct people to your eventsgalore.net calendar in your ads. anyone can view your calendar on the web, so people will also find your events with web searches.





eventsgalore.net will automatically send an e-mail reminder to subscribers before events. this is a foolproof way to make it easy for people to remember to come to your events.



testimonials


 "wow, the calendar software is really easy to use and a great community builder. thanks for providing 
this!" -- rose, who lists produce available at a

farmer's market.
 "it's easy and fast to update events, which is hard to do with printed newsletters.
customers have appreciated getting reminders and updates on classes." -- amy, co-owner of

a cafe and knitting studio with classes.


 "i was manually sending e-mail reminders about our events, but not anymore... one less thing to 
remember to do!" -- beth, owner of

a store which offers workshops and talks related to personal and 
spiritual growth.



calendar ideas (more)


 entertainment: music, performance art, movies.
 community: community events, meetings, school activities, special interest groups.
 sales: store sales, rummage sales.
 other: press releases, blogs, announcements. 




eventsgalore.net |
 for event providers |
 for event seekers |
 rates |
 
contact us |
 about us





terms of service - privacy policy
 © 2001-2017 eventsgalore.net llc. all rights reserved.
 eventsgalore.net® is a registered trademark of eventsgalore.net llc.
 please contact the eventsgalore.net help desk
 for assistance.



