
















 the published data of robert munafo at mrob 




mdbtxt1mdbtxt2proceed to safety

mrob
  
ries numbers largenum sequences mandelbrot
  
xmorphia



search:








the published data of robert munafo    


 
 xkcd readers: ries page is here 









robert munafo




new xmorphia gallery
 ries
 living screensavers


 
 

explore gray-scott reaction-diffusion (nifty organic patterns
produced by my highly-optimized pde solver).
my research paper and talk, etc. are here.
                     the "inverse equation solver" that quickly finds
                      closed-form approximations for any number.
                      as seen in xkcd
 some screensavers that use live
                                            video and massive glsl calculation
                                            to create cool effects.

robots
 numbers and large numbers
 hypercalc


 
 

the intuitively self-training rilybot 4,
and other projects with lego®  
                     interesting properties of numbers like 27 and 143;
                 googol, googolplex, 27㉗27, and others far far beyond.
                                          the calculator that doesn't overflow
                                           (with javascript web app and standalone perl versions)

mandelbrot set
 a5646
 eden file format


 
 

mu-ency, the encyclopedia of the mandelbrot
set. somewhat technical, and incomplete.
                     how i enumerated the 184321511 taxonomic classifications
                   of 12 items; one of many pages on integer sequences.
                                          working out the internal data
                                           format of this game, and also
                                           lunacraft

q04b  logcpu  spec cpu conversion

  
 

based on 2048, with color graphics, boosts, and a lot more (artwork
by randall munroe).
                  a multi-core load monitor should use a log-log-scale!
                                      probably of interest to computer
                                       history buffs.




my resume (a bit untraditional, like me).

more pages and topics, grouped by subject:



mathematics
dice : links to examples of all known types of dice, mainly
organised by number of sides; and lists of tabletop games telling which
dice are used for each.

exponentially distributed dice : dice to roll random
numbers whose logarithms are evenly distributed. benford: it's not
just the law — it's how we roll.

formal power series algorithms (for now, just the
square root)

generating functions are discussed in the context of
decimal expansions of fractions like 1/98 = 0.0102040816...

how many squares : one of the more popular types
of mathematical troll-bait.

hypercalc is my "calculator that cannot overflow",
available as a web app and a more powerful
perl version for unix/linux/mac os x and cygwin.

integer sequences : i have many pages on specific integer
sequences like a181785 and a020916 (some of
which required quite specialized high-speed programs); pages on
sequence categories like 2nd-order linear recurrence and
narayana numbers; and a sorted table of
sequences i find interesting, with links to these and many other
pages.

large numbers : the -illion names, tetration and
faster-growing functions, graham's number, and other fascinating ways
to go far beyond the merely astronomical.

lucas garron's "three indistinguishable dice" problem
: a fun little puzzle involving how to make better use of a basically
useless three-dice-in-a-box thingy. as seen on numberphile.

mcsfind : a program that will find the simplest
recurrence-generated integer sequence given some initial terms.

minimally complex sequences : an exhaustive index of integer
sequences generated by simple "classical" formulas.


my laws of mathematics : kinda humorous, kinda serious.

numbers : notable properties of specific numbers, like
2.685452..., 107, and
45360.

puzzles : not always mathematical, but those are the ones
that i seem to discuss more often. mit mystery hunt stuff is here too.

riemann zeta function mp3 file : music that only a
number theorist would love...

rubik's cube and other rectangular delights : my
unique solution algorithms from 1982, some software, and a survey of
similar puzzles like the 2×2×3.

sloandora : an interactive browser for the
oeis, using a text
concordance metric.



science
computational science :


i discovered that the gray-scott system supports
patterns about as complex as those in conway's game
of life. this page links to the paper i wrote and the
talk i gave on the same topic.

"popular" science :

orrery : a solar system model built from lego parts.

size scales exhibit : an adapted and improved version
of the amnh rose center exhibit.

slide rules : notes about slide rules and photos of
ones i made myself.

solar system : some facts and figures about the planets
and their orbits.

tides : a step-by-step explanation of the tides, designed
to explain all the differences that occur from one day to the next and
from one location to another.



computer science
here are most of the topics that will not be obsolete with
[company]'s next release of [product].

alternative number systems : a list of the most popular
alternatives to fixed-point (integer) and floating-point
representations, and the advantages and disadvantages of each.

answers to questions on stack exchange sites
: i couldn't add corrections or comments directly, so i have published
them here.

automeme : a tool for the automatic generation of
"mad-libs" style texts, with a simple and powerful specification
language.

diameter-degree or "ttl" problem : a graph theory
problem related to wiring multi-processor computer networks.

floating-point formats : a list of the ranges and
precisions of various floating-point implementations over the years.

functional computation : a set of
recursive definitions starting with a minimal set of lisp-like functions,
and specifically related to work of turing and gödel.


my high-performance projects : just a brief summary of all
the cpu-intensive projects i've created over the years, from
z80 assembly-language to the present.

hypercalc : the calculator that doesn't overflow.
available as a javascript web application
courtesy of kenny tm~ chan, and in a standalone perl version that
supports 295-digit precision and is programmable in basic.

logcpu : a simple, very efficient load monitor for macos x.
(this is in the general cs category because it is a good example of
elegant display and ui)

minimal rnn implementation in python : a
recurrent neural network that models plain text, based on
this gist by
@karpathy, but greatly enhanced.

mira : a text-only web browser with unique features,
designed for scholars and others who conduct research on the internet.

perl scripts : the language of choice of those who have that
occasional "hankerin' for some hackerin'"

png-csum-fix :
program that recomputes the crcs in a png file; also allows changing
colour table (palette) entries on the fly.

programming languages : an automated survey of the
popularity of various computer languages.

rhtf : the "embarassingly-readable" markup language i
created for these webpages.

simpleget : a small stand-alone replacement for the
perl library lwp::simple.

the spec benchmarks : conversion formulas for the
industry-standard cpu benchmarks.



this qr does not loop.


computers, videogames, etc.
items in this section are brand-specific, dated, and/or purely
recreational.

apple ii colors : an exact calculation of the rgb
values of the lores (color=) and hires (hcolor=) colors on the apple
][, derived by converting through the y r-y b-y and yuv systems.

apple product history : list of computer and pda
models released by apple, some with details.

chip's challenge : maps and hints, and some
walkthroughs, for the atari lynx version of the videogame.

computer history : the history of the
development of computers, with a focus on performance issues and the
adoption of supercomputer design ideas into desktop machines.

the eden world builder file format :
eden world builder is a
minecraft-like game for ios. i worked out the internal data format
so i could print maps.

eden world builder : other pages about
eden world builder, including a change log
and versions of my main creation mega city tokyo unified.

fitbit flex : technical specifications, a list of the
flashing light patterns, and some instructions that should have been
included in the manual.

ghiblicraft projects by alan becker : some
minecraft worlds i have worked on, that were inspired by the films "my
neighbour totoro" and "spirited away" (among others).

ibook: how to prevent sleep : a simple, cheap and
reversible way to prevent the ibook from going to sleep when you close
the lid.

libreoffice bugs and workarounds : making a great
free software project slightly greater.

the lunacraft/mooncraft file format :
lunacraft, originally called
mooncraft is
a minecraft-like game for ios. i worked out the internal data
format so i could print maps and recover from the dreaded
"terrain regen bug".

lynx chip's challenge : my maps and hints
rendered with a custom font.

macbook pro : mainly concerned with hard drive
upgrades.

minecraft: commands, files, versions : a start at
reconciling the lack of documentation for those who need to run
an older version of minefraft java edition.

missile : my first macintosh program also happens to be
one of the few programs that ran from the mac's introduction in 1984 until
the switch to intel twenty years later.

playstation : my notes about sony playstation games.

pokã©mon go raid-ladder nuzlocke : a set of nuzlocke
rules that are suitable for the pokã©mon go gym raid system.

pokã©mon sword and shield : presently just an
online calculator to help you find when and where to buy the tr you
want.

q04b : based on 2048, with color graphics, boosts, and a
lot more (artwork by randall munroe).

sdram : a list of some older sdram chip types giving their
speed and size.

textedit: fixing the margins bug : how to alter
textedit's printing code so that it respects the margins from page
setup.

unix project build tools : a partial history
of the tools (cc, make, etc.) used to build from source and why it
keeps getting more and more complicated.

xapple2 : my modifications to add accurate sound
reproduction (/dev/audio) to the xapple2 apple ][ emulator for un*x
and linux.



other pages of perhaps lesser interest:
abbreviations : common phrases that are frequently made
obscure by abbreviation.

archetypes : a periodic table of jungian personality
archetypes.

associativity matrix : a little twisty maze of thoughts, all different.

blogs : in addition to my primary blog,
robert munafo's general weblog, i also have two blogs
hosted by blog-specific websites:
robert munafo on blogspot and
robert munafo on wordpress.

core values : an attempt to describe my
preferences for how to prioritise life and make decisions (thus,
highly subjective and in need of continual revision).

data : miscellaneous small bits of data i want to publish.

experimental page : for my experiments with html and
javascript (it's published mainly so i can check it from gatewayed
isp's like aol and webtv, and limited viewers like smartphones).

extropianism : why we shouldn't feel quite so bad
about the future.

filk : some funny lyrics i've written.

friends : links to web pages of various friends and
co-conspirators.

gearing ideas and notes : mosty related to my
orrery work.

general blog : a weblog of articles not limited to any
particular topic.

history of music : focusing on the industrialized
distribution of music as a recent and unnatural phenomenon.

index to the one true thread : silliness and serious
creativity for hopelessly obsessed xkcd fans.

linux rules : duh.

mamma mia : the broadway musical.

mbti : a karnaugh map of the myers-briggs personality
types

mispronounced words : my bid for the "most useless
collection of data on a web page" world record.

mit ocw 18.06sc errata : has several corrections and
a cross-reference guide to the newer textbook by prof. strang.

movies : some material i have written that relates to a
few movies. (see also the top movies list.)

nest thermostat: using auxiliary heat : one of the
many topics that are poorly documented on the official website.

non-obvious answers to the stupid problems life gives us :
like how to find a practical lid-wrench.

non-obvious answers to the senseless impediments google throws at us
: pretty much what it says on the tin.

pod people : from apple customers to werewolves —
organized and classified for your amusement and as a public service.

pvc espas : a musical instrument i have built.

sampa : a clear concise way to represent phonetics in
ascii.

south park on the gun debate, without blood or bullets
: fan fiction written for early 2013.

split sleep : sleeping twice per day for greater
efficiency

top movies : my list of top movies of all time, rated by
attendance (number of tickets sold) in u.s. theatres.

xkcd 1190 "time" : discussion forum index





you do.


incomplete work

the following links represent projects that i lost interest in.

apple computer : notes about the company and its history
(currently just covers the "1984" commercial)

dvcrs : the "digital vcrs" tivo and replaytv.

f161 : high-precision floating-point data types. this
software is complete, but effort to document it is not.

united states constitution : reordered so as to place
each provisison of the amendments in its most logical place within the
original seven articles.

windows answers : answers to questions encountered by
microsoft windowstm users.



abandoned or obsolete

the following are articles that i no longer consider accurate.

digital video : quicktime codec performance, efficiency
and quality. (was accurate around 2002)

garageband : hints and tips relating to the apple program
garageband (became obsolete with ilife 05).

identity fraud : how to discover and cancel fraudulent
credit applications made in your name. (this is out of date mainly
because of changes due to the patriot act.)

stages of civilization : a brief discussion of
where we've been and where we are headed.



waiting

accuracy yet to be determined.

predictions of the future : written in 2000, most has
neither been disproven nor has come to pass.



 
 

 my old google searchstories video 





lego is a registered trademark of the lego company, which does not
sponsor, authorize, or endorse this site.


windows is a registered trademark of microsoft corporation.


this website is the property of munafo robotics. is and its content
are not connected to or endorsed by any other company or corporation.






robert munafo's home pages on aws   
© 1996-2024 robert p. munafo.
   about    contact

this work is licensed under a creative commons
attribution-noncommercial 4.0 international license.
details here.


this page was written in the "embarrassingly readable" markup language rhtf, and was last updated on 2022 nov 29. s.30

