



	
        
    economic development

        - fort erie
























































































close alert banner












skip to content





		back to forterie.ca
	




eservicesmyfeengagereport an issuecontact us






































search














                            
    
        economic development
   
    
                        



























fort erie...becausefort erie advantageour partnerstourismaccommodationsattractions and entertainmentevents calendarcommunity eventsshop fort eriebusiness directorynews and eventsattend an eventhost an eventedts services


























 business licencing start or grow business host a community event programs & incentives edts team





read morecommunity profile gain further insight on fort erie's strategic location, demographics, employment data, labour trends, and so much more!read morefilm in fort erie lights, camera, action! click here to unlock an enchanting world of filming opportunities and breathtaking backdrops.read moretop 10 things to do unlock fort erie's wonders! click here to embark on an unforgettable exploration of scenic delights and hidden treasures.read more2024/2025 fort erie visitor guidedive into a world of hidden gems, local treasures, and unforgettable experiences waiting to be explored. plan your perfect getaway now!








featured news


loading news feed...

 
 





upcoming events in fort erie
a brief look at the most recent upcoming events happening in fort erie.  please submit your event here.



loading calendar feed...


full events calendar








156new businesses
fort erie welcomed over 156 new businesses since the start of 2020.36kpopulation
36,209 was the current estimated population of fort erie in 2023. source: statistics canada 2024.70.18attainment levels
70.18% of fort erie residents between the ages of 25-64 have a post-secondary education. source: statistics canada 2022. 802building permits
802 building permits were issued in fort erie for residential (751), commercial (35), industrial (13), and institutional (3) for a total construction value of $207 million.














stay in touch
sign up to receive information from the town of fort erie directly to your inbox. check out the various categories of general news, and emergency notifications.
subscribe today









living in fort erierecreation and culturebuild and investtown hallengage with us































24-hour emergency hotline: 905.871.1600
send an email

town hall: 1 municipal centre drive, fort erie on l2a 2s6
hours of operation: monday to friday, 8:30 am to 4:30 pm






© town of fort erie
accessibilityprivacyfreedom of informationfeedbacksitemapcontact usland acknowledgement



by ghd digital













































close old browser notification


browser compatibility notification
it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.









