



welcome to m&t bank | people’s united bank and m&t bank: what to expect | m&t bank


































skip to main content




                personal
            



                business
            



                commercial
            



                platinum
            














lock


                    log in>



























navigation menu





search
























personal
                


personal home page


checking accounts


debit cards


savings account & cd options


mortgages


lines of credit and personal loans


credit cards


insurance


investments & retirement


multicultural banking


financial education center


platinum client




business
                


business home page


bank


manage cash flow


online & mobile services


finance


resources & insights


cybersecurity


business education center


business banking welcome




commercial
                


commercial home page


finance


industry solutions


invest & grow


resources & insights


cybersecurity


m&t financial services


m&t capital and leasing corporation


m&t equipment finance corporation




español
                


español


representantes bancarios minoristas


gerentes de relaciones bancarias comerciales











search







locations







help center











log in







mortgage assistance programs


faqs


common banking tasks


locations & atms


about m&t


banking security


careers



















































common tasks
reset your online banking passcode

find your routing number
report a stolen debit or credit card
change your name on your account/cards
pay your consumer loan, line or credit card
make an appointment




help by topic
careers

contact m&t
f a qs

mortgage
multicultural banking
online & mobile services
fraud & security





looking for
something else?
use our online help center
so you can find your answers and
get back to what matters most
to you.




help center












































xf for header icons



























            welcome center home
            
        





            personal faqs
            
        





            mortgage faqs
            
        





            business faqs
            
        





            commercial faqs
            
        




















































		
			get the details about the transition from people's united.
		
	












welcome united bank credit card holders
visit our frequently asked questions for instructions about your account transition to m&t systems.

personal account holders >
business account holders >






























personal
get answers to frequently asked questions about your personal account transition to m&t systems.




read personal faqs




















business 
access the details you need about your business account transition to m&t systems.




read business faqs




















commercial
explore faqs about your commercial accounts and services transition to m&t.




read commercial faqs




















mortgage
learn about your mortgage account transition to m&t systems through these faqs.




read mortgage faqs






























hear from our bankers.
we asked our bankers some important questions about m&t and the transition from people's united. listen to what they had to say in their own words.
watch videos



































beware of phishing attempts



		
			security & protection
		
	

scammers look to gain access to your sensitive account information by any means necessary, including deceptive emails, texts and phone calls that may look like they are coming from people's united or m&t bank.

learn more on how to be aware of the different types of fraud so you can help protect your personal and financial information.






learn more

























		
			account disclosures
		
	



review the terms and conditions or change in terms for each of your accounts.











personal customers

consumer deposit account terms & conditions (pdf)
notice of changes to digital services for personal accounts (pdf)
consumer individual retirement account (ira) terms & conditions (pdf)
consumer individual retirement account (ira) dual disclosure letter (pdf) (with accounts at both people's united & m&t)





business & commercial customers

notice of changes to digital services for business accounts (pdf)
notice of change in terms to your business loan account(s) (pdf)
notice of change in terms to your business line of credit account(s) (pdf)
corporate card/commerial card change in terms (pdf)

commercial deposit account terms & conditions (pdf)
treasury management terms (pdf)






















unless otherwise specified, all advertised offers and terms and conditions of accounts and services are subject to change at any time without notice. after an account is opened or service begins, it is subject to its features, conditions and terms, which are subject to change at any time in accordance with applicable laws and agreements. please contact an m&t representative for details.
visa® is a registered trademark of visa international service association.
u.s. checking or savings account required to use zelle. transactions between enrolled consumers typically occur in minutes. zelle and the zelle related marks are wholly owned by early warning services, llc and are used herein under license. other product and company names mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.
apple® and iphone® are registered trademarks of apple, inc. registered in the u.s. and other countries. android™ is a trademark of google, llc. use of these trademarks are subject to the respective owner's permission.
google play™ store is a trademark of google llc the app store℠ is a servicemark of apple inc. use of these trademarks is subject to the respective owner's permission. m&t bank is not endorsed, sponsored, affiliated with or otherwise authorized by apple inc. or google llc.
























                    why bank with m&t?
                

                    we understand what’s important. that’s why we’ve built a banking experience with you in mind. 
                

                    help us make your banking experience better.
                    
send feedback





                        contact us
                    






1-800-724-2440







locations & atms







make an appointment







more ways to reach us










                    about
                



about m&t




careers




investor relations







security










                    search
                




facebook







twitter







linkedin
















                    ​equal housing lender. © 2025 m&t bank. member fdic. all rights reserved.​
            




privacy & preference center


sitemap


digital services agreement


esign consent


terms of use



























                what can we help you with today?
            


search














search results are ready
















































personal / business
commercial












personal / business
commercial



personal / business login

user id



password





remember user id






							help with user id or password
						










log in >










commercial login

user id





remember user id






							forgot password
						






log in >













security & privacy


log in to web infoplu$




other personal and business services...
other commercial services...









web infoplu$


online banking


account view


view all >











cash order


centresuite


accessone


m&t supplier pay


view all >





				enroll now
			
















		
			we are inspired by our multicultural communities.
		
	



m&t is dedicated to investing in the growth and sustainability of the clients and businesses we serve, attracting and retaining diverse colleagues so we can truly reflect our communities.




learn more




































you are leaving our site
please note that:

the third-party website is governed by a different set of terms and conditions and privacy policy than the m&t website and you should review those terms, conditions and privacy policy prior to reviewing the content of the third-party website
m&t is providing a link to the third-party website as a convenience and does not necessarily control the content of, or endorse, the third-party website, its owner/operator or any information, products or services that are made available on or through it
m&t makes no representations or warranties regarding the information, products or services provided through the third-party website

such third-party website's owner/operator may be regulated by governmental entities and laws that are different than those that regulate m&t.
equal housing lender. member fdic. bank nmls #381076. ©2023 m&t bank. all rights reserved.




continue











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































