

home - the catbird seatthe catbird seat








































 






























































welcome to the catbird seat!



























‘the bluebird of happiness’








glad you could join me!here’s your handy, dandy  birdwatcher’s guide:part i is an exhibit of some of the world’s most powerful birds of prey and the vultures that clean up their kill.~ ~ ~ part ii gives you a tour of the nests for these birds – some of which might even be found in your own back yard.~ ~ ~part iii shows you the prey!~ ~ ~so, whenever you’re ready, just let your mouse be your guide (but watch out that it doesn’t get eaten alive!)blog











‘once i had a dream!’













‘today i heard a bird sing’

















  i am a firm believer in the people.  if given the truth they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis.  the great point is to bring them the real facts.— abraham lincoln











your catbird seat guide











 > the catbird’s forum <











special sightings

































options














you’re visitor number 



































washington d.c peace rallydixie chicks “i hope”













guestbook archives









a week in iraq









impeach bush!







email:

thecatbird@the-catbird-seat.net






















recent sightings from the catbird seat







who is alberto gonzales, and why is he trying to silence this catbird?       it’s official!  the office of the u.s. trustee, part of the united states dept. of justice, has obtained a court order directing yahoo! small business hosting to “terminate and close down” this website!  to get an idea of the who and the why, fly now to see (while you still can) the buzzards in the halls of justice!racial tensions beginning to boil in hawaii’s melting pot!     a violent road-rage altercation between native hawaiians and a white soldier and his wife is provoking new questions about whether hawaii’s harmonious “aloha spirit” is real or just a greeting for tourists.  fanning the flames is a bill in congress known as the “akaka bill” — a controversial bill introduced by senator dan akaka which many say is designed to create a separatist, race-based, state-within-a-state. to get a closer look at this brewing racial stew, fly to apartheid…hawaiian style! power takeover: txu announces $32 bil sale to private firms!     the directors of txu corp., texas’ largest electricity producer, have agreed to be sold to a group of private-equity firms led by takeover vultures kohlberg, kravis & roberts in what would be the largest private buyout in u.s. corporate history – if shareholders go along.  to see how the takeover vultures plan to gobble up this public utility firm, fly over to the taking of txu!hershey to cut 1,500 jobs – that fly south in a great w-h-o-o-s-h!      according to reuters, hershey company has announced that it will cut about 1,500 jobs as it tries to streamline manufacturing to improve profits.  hershey also said it will build a new, cost-efficient manufacturing plant in monterrey, mexico.  for the shocking untold story behind the story, go to how to pluck a non-profit!kamehameha has a new trustee – aba lobbyist corbett kalama!     in line with their continuing efforts to steal and conceal the legacy of princess bernice pauahi bishop from its rightful heirs, the nation’s largest charitable trust has anointed a new trustee.  to take a gander at kamehameha schools’ new rooster, fly over to dirty money, dirty politics & bishop estate – part vii: the princess weeps.senate judiciary committee targets corruption (about time!)    senate judiciary chairman, pat leahy, has introduced bills creating criminal penalties for war profiteers and corporate cheats.  “americans want the culture of corruption to end.  from war profiteers and corrupt officials in iraq, to convicted administration officials, to influence-peddling lobbyists and, regrettably, even members of congress, too many supposed public servants have been serving their own interests, rather than the public interests,” said leahy.  for more (he names names)…fly over to leahy targets corruption!agents say mark foley sex scandal is only the tip of the iceberg!    investigative reporter tom flocco writes that jack abramoff operated a sex/spy ring in washington, dc that provided male and female heterosexual, homosexual, lesbian, bisexual and underage children for sexual services to numerous congressmen, senators, national media hosts, top military officers and other federal officials who were compromised and made susceptible to blackmail.  see these high-ranking vultures caught in the spotlight, tramp over to see the birds in the lobby!







the catbird store





















