


















uo counseling services














      skip to main content
    












one stop


apply


visit


give




search







search this site


search









search




menu






counseling services menu



therapy and services



therapy and services overview


getting started


individual therapy


groups



groups overview


group therapy faq


groups offered





crisis support


let’s talk


psychiatry


referrals


substance use





events and workshops



events and workshops overview


wellness campaigns


suicide prevention


mental health awareness month





support a student



support a student overview


helping a friend


faculty and staff


parents and families



parents and families overview


how families can support students








self-care



self-care overview


common concerns


coping strategies


well-being tools


be well blog



be well blog overview


celebrating women’s history month: the ladies of psychology


dating and relationship non-negotiables


effectively managing emotions during stressful times


maintaining mental wellness while studying abroad





collegiate recovery center





about



about overview


confidentiality and privacy policy


documentation


our team


practicum program


student advisory board


diversity





get help now





take action



one stop


apply


visit


give












counseling services


university health services


 



main navigation


therapy and services


events and workshops


support a student


self-care


about


get help now














welcome









here whenever you need usyour college experience is one of growth and learning. we all face a variety of challenges and obstacles in college and in life. you may come across moments that are not easy to talk about—struggling academically, navigating personal relationships, what it's like to live with mental health concerns. it can seem like you are the only one dealing with these issues, but you are not alone. we have a team that cares deeply about your development and success. we are here to support you through the challenges and celebrate your successes. counseling servicesconfidentialitywell-being assessmentsreport a concernprevention and outreachour team




accessing mental health servicesuniversity health services provides an integrated approach to provide mental health services. this approach allows students to have coordinated and comprehensive mental health care from our team of counselors, case managers, and psychiatrists. our mental health providers understand the variety of challenges students face and we are experts in providing mental health care for university students. we offer an open, safe, and confidential environment to help students through issues that may interfere with their personal and academic success.mental health access team
















getting support is different for everyone. it could be talking one-on-one or attending a workshop. we are here to help you identify strategies that work best for you.let’s talkgroup therapywelltrackbe well blogwell-being assessmentscoping strategies

















current programs and servicescounseling services currently offers a hybrid of in-person and virtual (zoom) programs and services. clinical services are by appointment only, scheduled either same day or within a week. we offer a range of short-term individual clinical services, including single-session intervention and short-term focused individual therapy (one to six sessions per academic year), group therapy, case management to assist in finding local mental health resources, consultation, and other mental health workshops.how to schedule an appointment:if you are interested in speaking with one of our therapists, for support or to learn more about our services, call to schedule a clinical consultation at 541-346-3227.hybrid mental health servicesself-care resourcesteletherapy faqs




24-hour support and crisis line541-346-3227any time counseling services is closed a mental health professional is available to provide support and connect you with resources. to connect directly to the three-digit, nationwide suicide and crisis lifeline, call 988. winter term hoursm 9:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.t 9:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.w 9:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.th 9:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.f 9:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.sa closedsu closedcontact counseling services1590 e 13th aveeugene, or 97403-1217phone: 541-346-3227fax: 541-346-2842 map541-346-3227

























division of student life

division of student life
university career center
office of the dean of students
erb memorial union
holden center for leadership and community engagement
department of physical education and recreation
parent and family programs





student services

office of financial aid and scholarships
office of the registrar
university counseling services
university health services
university housing
university testing center








counseling services

1590 e 13th ave eugene,     or  97403 
p: 541-346-3227 f: 541-346-2842 












 



 













report a concern
nondiscrimination and title ix
accessibility
privacy policy
careers
about
find people



©
university of oregon.
          
all rights reserved.











