























general news | hosted























      skip to main content
    



















newspoliticsentertainmentsportstechnology

















latest general news


teens from a boston skating club, their mothers, and coaches among passengers killed in air crash
jan. 30, 2025 14:36  pm est

              washington (ap) — a crash between an american airlines jet and an army helicopter has killed teen figure skaters returning from a national meet with their mothers and coaches, as well as a group of union steamfitters from the washington, d.c. area. 
              they were among 60 travelers and...



israelis and palestinians rejoice after more hostages and prisoners are freed
jan. 30, 2025 14:35  pm est

              khan younis, gaza strip (ap) — eight more hostages were freed from the gaza strip by hamas-led militants on thursday in a sometimes chaotic process that briefly delayed israel's release of 110 palestinian prisoners and underscored the fragility of the ceasefire that began earlier this month. 
   ...



the latest: three of president donald trump’s cabinet picks face senate hearings
jan. 30, 2025 14:34  pm est

              three of president donald trump’s cabinet picks prepared to face skepticism and intense grilling from democratic senators during their confirmation hearings thursday. 
              what we’re following: 
              
                1. robert f. kennedy jr.’s second hearing: kennedy will...



justice department sues to block $14 billion juniper buyout by hewlett packard enterprise
jan. 30, 2025 14:32  pm est

              the justice department sued to block hewlett packard enterprise's $14 billion acquisition of rival juniper networks on thursday, the first attempt to stop a merger by a new trump administration that is expected to take a softer approach to mergers. 
              the justice complaint alleges that...



big oil wants a lot from trump. it has an ally in doug burgum, the president's interior pick
jan. 30, 2025 14:24  pm est

              bismarck, n.d. (ap) — when north dakota's petroleum association was going to hold a banquet honoring top fracking executives last year, it turned to gov. doug burgum. the two-term republican, now president donald trump's pick to lead the interior department, co-hosted the event — at the...



amazon sues state agency to block release of company records to bezos-owned washington post
jan. 30, 2025 14:23  pm est

              amazon is suing a washington state agency to prevent the release of some company materials to the washington post, the newspaper which is owned by amazon founder jeff bezos.  
              in a lawsuit filed this week in king county superior court, the seattle-based company asked the court to step...



fresh lawsuit hits oregon city at the heart of supreme court ruling on homeless encampments
jan. 30, 2025 14:19  pm est

              portland, ore. (ap) — the small oregon city at the heart of a major u.s. supreme court ruling last year that allowed cities across the country to enforce homeless camping bans is facing a fresh lawsuit over its camping rules, as advocates find new ways to challenge them in a legal landscape...



tulsi gabbard, trump's pick to oversee us spy agencies, grilled about snowden, syria and russia
jan. 30, 2025 14:16  pm est

              washington (ap) — tulsi gabbard, president donald trump's pick to be director of national intelligence, faced sharp criticism from democrats and republicans alike thursday during a fiery confirmation hearing focused on her past comments sympathetic to russia, a meeting with syria's now-deposed...



should sundance stay in utah? state leaders and locals rally to keep the independent film festival
jan. 30, 2025 14:15  pm est

              park city, utah (ap) — with the 2025 sundance film festival underway, utah leaders, locals and longtime attendees are making a final push — one that could include paying millions of dollars — to keep the world-renowned film festival as its directors consider uprooting. 
             ...



trump consoles crash victims then dives into politics with attack on diversity initiatives
jan. 30, 2025 14:08  pm est

              washington (ap) — president donald trump on thursday responded to the deadliest american aviation disaster in more than two decades by blaming diversity initiatives for undermining safety and questioning the actions of a u.s. army helicopter pilot involved in the midair collision with a...



loading more stories













©2022 the associated press. all rights reserved.

terms under which this site is provided. learn more about our privacy policy.



























































