







save - suicide awareness voices of education







































 








skip to content

 

close 



in a crisis? call or text 988.
save does not provide emergency or crisis intervention. if you are located in the united states, call 911 for medical emergencies. call the suicide and crisis lifeline at 988 if you or someone you know is experiencing suicidal thoughts.

view additional crisis services


in a crisis? call or text 988.





save.org - suicide awareness voices of education










 


menu


close


programsoverviewlethal means safetyeducation and trainingoverviewthe green bandana projectsave educational materialssupport for suicide loss survivorsoverviewafter a suicide lossnamed memorial programoverviewonline gallery
find helpoverviewcrisis servicesfind a suicide loss support groupfor yourselffor someone elsefor suicide loss survivorsfor suicide attempt survivors
learnoverviewwarning signs of suicidesuicide statisticscommon misconceptionsmental illness and suicidepreventing suiciderisk factors and protective factors
get involvedoverviewadvocacyoverviewkayla’s hope: helping others, protecting everyonedonateeventsfundraisenewslettersponsor an eventvolunteer
aboutoverviewboardnewsfinancialscareers
search


mediamedia recommendationspress releases
contact
shop
terms of service
privacy policy



		donate
		










educate. advocate. protect. support.
dedicated to the prevention of suicide
save – suicide awareness voices of education is a national nonprofit working to prevent the tragedy of suicide through education, advocacy, lethal means safety efforts, and support for suicide loss survivors.
 


learn more →


suicide awareness voices of education
our work is based on the belief that suicide is preventable. through raising public awareness, educating communities, training key stakeholders, advocating for systemic change, and providing unwavering support for loss survivors, we know we can save lives.








													find help
							

these resources can help if you, or someone you know, is struggling with thoughts of suicide or if you’re grappling with suicide loss.

find help








													discover our programs
							

save’s programs and services focus on four key areas: education, training, advocacy, and suicide loss support.


learn more








													learn about suicide
							

learn about suicide facts and statistics, the warning signs of suicide, and how suicide can be prevented.

learn more








													get involved
							

help save fulfill our mission through a financial donation or volunteering time or services.

learn more





kids: keep it digitally safe
every click has a cost. that’s why save supports the kids warning labels scholarship contest for safer digital spaces. we’re joining more than a dozen other organizations in raising awareness about the dangers of unregulated social media and advocating for change. it’s time to #labeltherisk.

the kids campaign launches february 13




about save
in august of 1989, six minneapolis couples joined together with a common cause. each had lost a child to suicide. together, they created save to educate individuals and communities about suicide prevention and to serve as a voice for suicide loss survivors.

more about save and our team




news



february 13, 2025
minnesota nonprofit wants help to create social media warning labels
logging on to social media can bring teens to one of the most dangerous places in their lives, and it’s more than just cyberbullying, said erich mische, ceo of save. 


february 11, 2025
save joins global scholarship contest for warning labels about social media harms to youth
kids has officially launched a global scholarship contest raising awareness of the dangers youth face on unregulated platforms and encouraging systemic change. 


february 6, 2025
save, coalition applaud new york social media bills, online safety leadership
the new york social media warning label act represents another major opportunity to advance groundbreaking design-based kids’ online safety legislation. 


see all the latest









sign up for the save newsletter
connect with save to learn about events, advocacy, and the latest on how you can help prevent suicide.

sign up








follow us

save on twitter (x)
save on facebook
save on instagram
save on youtube
save on linkedin



financials
shop
media
contact
privacy policy
terms of service



		donate
		
















© 2025 save. all rights reserved.
save is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization and all donations are tax-deductible to the fullest extent of the law. ein 41-1702239

web design by plaudit





						this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
						privacy policy and
						terms of service apply.
						
































close


