










home - ybor city chamber of commerce


























































  














skip to content














 
member loginjoin todaycontact us



























































menu 
visit yborgift shop visitor gift shopdirectory find a memberevents / news featured events events list events calendar news/ happeningsmember center membership info member resources membership levels become a member member advertising & promotional opportunities member benefits member login member to member dealsabout us about the chamber ybor city historic district team board of directors contact usgovernment relations florida statistics advocacy surveys city of tampa service request linkjob postingshot deals








 























welcome to the national historic landmark district of ybor city and  the ybor city chamber of commerce!






the ybor chamber was established in 1930 to serve area businesses and organizations making our community a better place to live, work, learn, visit, and play.   in 2000, ybor city chamber of commerce visitor information center was opened to welcome visitors from around the world to the heart of tampa, ybor city.  for more information, contact the ybor chamber office at (813) 248-3712 or the visitor information center at (813) 241-8838.

















					visitor				








					directory				








					gift shop				








					events				








					hot deals				






















mark your calendar










view all events


































premium investors























welcome new members
















                                zoom room ybor/st                            














                                tampa y                            














                                brothers colors painting                            














                                ybor chiro                            













                                crystal clear washing                             













                                bay area notary and legal services                             














                                w & y                             














                                sky puppy                             






next
previous




















learn more
















 
visit ybor 
thinking of visiting ybor city? click here for the visitor information center site to learn about tours, attractions, dining, lodging, & more!
learn more 



















 
advocacy 
whether you are a startup or a well-established business, we advocate for you!
learn more 



















 
advertising & promotion 
we offer numerous advertising and promotional opportunities including the visitor map & guide, business directory, e-newsletter & website banner ads, enhanced directory listings, sponsorships, and more!
learn more 

















 
heart of tampa 
historic ybor city has launched a new campaign, heart of tampa, to celebrate its strong history, diversity, and collective economic impact to the area. as the heart of tampa, historic ybor city is the essence of tampa – from the culture to the new businesses that reach success and thrive off of the diversity. download a phone or desktop background to show your support and love of our historic district here.
 






























join our email list






click map & guide
to view






























 












© 2025 ybor city chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












invest in you. invest in ybor.




















ybor chamber business office













1800 east 9th ave  tampa, fl 33605 














813-248-3712 














email us 










































 © 

 ybor city chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 


















