











x2cms website builder - the quickest and easiest way to a great website








website builder
web development
website design
resellers
private label





        	 
        	


home
packages
features
templates
questions
tour
buy now 






x2cms website builder
the quick & easy way to a great website
 

  select your package that suits you best 
   
  choose your website design from 200+ pro web templates 
   
build your website quickly and easily 
   
  promote your website with our free tools 




standard package
ideal for startups, clubs, personal sites
$4.95 


professional package
ideal for business and power users
 $9.80 


ecommerce store builder
professional online store solution
$49.90 



everything you need to create your own professional website - without the expense...





x2cms website builder
          as easy to use as a word processor, no html or scripting to learn and all you need is a browser.

200+ professional web templates
          choose from over 200  designs or
          have your template customized by x2cms. want
          to change design? you wont lose your content!

unique web plugins
          calendar, google maps, newsletters - we          make the added features your site needs
          simple and easy to install.



web traffic statistics
          detailed traffic statistics of your website
          visitors in an easy to read format - choose
          from multiple statistic packages.

site creation wizard
          get started quickly with our wizard to create
          pages, navigation links, content layout and
          even your site map. just add content!

protected pages
x2cms allows you to password protect
pages of your website - ideal for clubs
companies and organizations.



professional webmail and email
          webmail includes contacts, calendars, tasks
          and can synchronize with outlook. connect
          to email via any software including mobiles.

reliable web hosting
includes web hosting and full control via  control panel - add   software, databases 
          and configure your hosting.

image tools and editor
our built in image tool lets you resize,
crop and manipulate your images. even
add your logo to template designs.





the quickest and easiest way to a fantastic website
no html to learn, no additional software required - get your site online in minutes

follow our four simple steps to creating a fantastic website with x2cms website builder:





select the package that suits you best - choose from our standard package (ideal for startups) professional package (great for pros, business and power users) or the ecommerce store builder for selling products online.



choose a website design from over 200 professionally created templates exclusive to x2cms. you can also opt to have x2cms staff customize your template design, layout, colors, images, add your logo - the sky is the limit!



build your website - using our online website builder you can create a site in minutes without needing an expensive web designer - no html to learn, no software to download and no steep learning curve!



promote your website - start driving traffic to your site fast with our free tools and jargon free guides to how the search engines really work. we take you step by step through a simple process to create a busy, popular website.



limited time offer - have your website customized by x2cms for only $99
template recolor + add your logo/images + create links +  website builder + email + much more...



we start with an x2cms template you choose then select your modifications - change images, have the base colors match your color style and add your logo. finally we add 
  the starting pages for your site and your navigation links. for a small additional fee we 
  can even create your pages for you from content you provide. more details >>


 customer testimonials: 



"i'd tried other site builders and even                            downloaded half a dozen html editors  but with x2cms i built              my website first time, and their support team were fantastic "


james, canada





"i couldn't believe how easy it was to add forms, 
          maps and a calendar - the plugins alone saved me weeks of trial and error"

mandy, united kingdom






"i thought it would take me weeks to learn html - instead i created my site in an afternoon"


stefan, usa






"i love the new designs, i'm now  building x2cms sites for friends & family"

louise, portugal






"thank you x2cms, i just built a 30 page site with contact forms and a search function within a couple of hours - i can't believe how easy the x2cms website builder is to use" 

april, usa






"brilliant, easy, powerful - just the best!" 

bernard, france






everything you need to create your own professional website - without the expense...
• over 200 unique, high quality templates            • use multiple templates on the same site            • rollback - made a mistake with a web page? use the history tool to go back to a previous version      • one click web application install - choose from a vast range of software to install with one click including market leaders such as phpbb and gallery • one click insert html and insert javascript / adsense / affiliate code!            • free powerful visitor statistics for your new website            • free domain name for life with most packages       • search engine friendly pages            • free search engine submission            • full flash and html tutorials            • expert and friendly help and advice 24 hours a day            • unlike other website builders x2cms develops alongside you and allows access direct to the html - run asp, php, asp.net scripts - you will never need to change hosts because you have outgrown your website builder • insert flash, videos, contact us scripts • forms can have required fields, catchpa to avoid spam • wide range of plugins with new plugins added regularly - x2cms is the only website builder you will ever need.




x2cms website builder -  the quickest and easiest way to a great website including 200 free  templates, hosting and email  











 

contacts|
            affiliates|
            about us|
            resources|
            terms & conditions|
            privacy policy|
            sitemap

        © x2cms web solutionswebsite builderx2cmsprivate label website builder1997-2013   






this site uses cookies and other tracking technologies to analyze use of our products and services. view policy
accept







