





















            idx/mls by idx broker ™ - multiple listing service search tools for realtors and real estate websites        





































                    thank you!
                

                    thank you for your interest in idx broker! we look forward to connecting.
                
can't wait? take a tour of our application, or see how some of our most successful clients have integrated idx search with their sites.
            




                call
            

                chat
            

                email
            

                order
            





1 (541) 343-3912
login
order now







toggle navigation






                            menu
                        









                                login
                            



                                order now
                            

home


                                plans & pricing
                                



mls/idx search


                                        idx broker ™ lite
                                    



                                        idx broker ™ platinum
                                    



                                        compare plans
                                    


websites with idx


                                        idx broker ™ elite
                                    





                                benefits
                                





                                        simple and effective search
                                    



                                        fully customizable - make it yours
                                    



                                        lead metrics that deliver
                                    



                                        ideal lead user experience
                                    



                                        protect your site with ssl
                                    



                                        impress for idx broker wordpress plugin
                                    



                                        agent idx case study
                                    



                                        showcase sold listings
                                    



                                        sophisticated idx lead routing
                                    



                                        easy agent management
                                    



                                        example sites
                                    





                                mls coverage
                                



mls data providers
realtor® boards




                                help
                                



take a tour
find a developer
integrations
knowledgebase
what is idx?
idx webinars
contact us













                        customizable home search and lead management solutions
                    
the tools you need to provide an easy and effective home search.

                        take a tour
                    










join members of these real estate firms using our idx packages






































market reports
showcase your expertise and enhance your client experience by offering monthly overviews of the real estate market at a local level.

                                    learn more
                                







ideal lead ux
leverage automation tools, ai-driven features, interactive maps and stunning details templates – all built with your clients in mind.

                                    learn more
                                







impress for idx broker ™ - wordpress plugin for realtors
our robust wordpress plugin system helps manage your listings, website search capabilities, and seo boosting tools. integrate search widgets, listings showcases, community pages and more!

                                    learn more
                                






previous



next












                        idx/mls home search plans
                    





                                    platinum
                                



                                    modern map templates, powerful lead capture tools, seo and more!
                                


                                        plans starting at $90.00/mo.
                                    

                                        modern, interactive search & display map templates with home atlas.
                                    

                                        deliver a seamless lead home search experience, optimized for user flow.
                                    

                                        powerful features to help you manage your office and teams.
                                    







                                    lite
                                


                                the essential map search and saved link features clients need.
                            


                                    starting at $55.00/mo.


                                    unlimited map results, customizable map search and details pages.
                                

                                    standard saved search controls to create predefined saved search link.
                                

                                    idx that works with any website - especially wordpress sites.
                                











                                        elite
                                    


                                    the ultimate real estate website solution with advanced idx features.
                                


                                        starting at $145.00/mo.


                                        customizable website designs with stunning templates and branding options.
                                    

                                        seo-friendly and fully responsive for a seamless mobile experience.
                                    

                                        advanced idx features including map-based searches, lead capture forms, and more.
                                    






                        compare
                    


                            call us! (541) 343-3912
                        









idx broker ™ packages
add any of the following packages to your idx/mls home search plan





                    agent package
                


                        starting at $55.00 for lite, $90.00 for platinum users.
                    

                        take full advantage of advanced mls/idx search tools available on every page including live
                        
                            map search
                        
                        (platinum-only) at no extra cost!
                    

                        add your own style with our popular
                        impress for idx broker wordpress plugin.
                        it comes included with every idx broker account and works with any wordpress theme.
                    

                        choose between required or optional signup on nearly any idx page and capture more leads!


                        easily build custom predefined results, complete with
                        
                            search-engine friendly urls.
                        


                        add sold, pending, and/or pocket listings to your integrated idx website.
                    


                            advanced traffic analytics
                        
                        - page visit reports by source, search engine, lead, etc.
                    




                    team package
                


                        the perfect idx solution for a two agent team or small office.
                    

                        all of the benefits of the agent account along with the management tools available to offices. enjoy the best of both worlds!
                    

                        a very affordable solution for small teams at only $20 more than agent idx!
                    

                        add featured listings, an agent roster, and bio pages to your team website.
                    

route leads to team members via the control panel or automate via round-robin, price, city, and other filters.
                    

                        both agents get their own email updates and lead/listing management tools with no long-term contracts or usage fees!
                    

                        easily upgrade to an office idx as your team grows.




                    office package
                


                        the most popular idx solution available for offices!
                    

give your agents the tools they need and the perks they want to thrive!


                        promote your agents on their featured listing detail pages and easily add an agent roster page to your website.
                    

                        give agents their own customizable sub header for every idx office search page!
                    

                        use our free impress for idx broker wordpress plugin to easily integrate idx content into your wordpress site.
                    

control or automate lead assignment - it's completely up to you and easy to setup.
                    

                        add an unlimited number of widgets to your site.
                    

                        idx broker provides the tools to make it easy to run a successful real estate office.






                sign up now
            










                        idx broker ™ blog
                    










                            introducing idx broker elite: the ultimate idx website solution for real estate success
                        


                            february 4, 2025
                        



                                                    standing out in today’s competitive real estate market is more important than ever, and your online presence needs to be nothing short of extraordinary. that’s why...
                                            




                            enhance your listings: idx broker’s new ‘offer of compensation’ feature
                        


                            september 26, 2024
                        



                                                      idx broker is excited to announce a new feature to enhance your listings. users can now easily add commission details with the new 'offer of compensation' field, giving...
                                            




                            shielding your idx website: a comprehensive guide to data security measures
                        


                            june 3, 2024
                        



                                                    in the digital realm of real estate, where idx websites serve as the cornerstone of property listings and client interactions, safeguarding sensitive data is paramount. as a...
                                            





loving the upgraded product! i am seeing rankings, traffic and incoming calls increase already. thank you!

ken jansen, realtor®





loving the upgraded product! i am seeing rankings, traffic and incoming calls increase already. thank you!

ken jansen, realtor®





                            product 
                        


knowledgebase


product features


compare versions


take a tour


mls coverage


realtor® boards


idx webinars


testimonials


examples





                            company
                        



                                    careers
                                



                                    contact
                                



                                    blog
                                



                                    what is idx?
                                



                                    terms & privacy
                                



                                    sitemap
                                





                            idx partners
                        



                                    find a developer
                                



                                    developer partner program
                                



                                    wordpress themes
                                



                                    api docs
                                



                                    become an affiliate
                                





                            support
                        

our team is here to help. call (541) 343-3912, or email support.























                        data services provided by idx, llc
                        
                        copyright ©
                        2025                        idx, llc,  all rights reserved.





            the trademarks mls ®,
            multiple listing service ®
            and the associated logos are owned by
            the canadian real estate association (crea)
            in canada and identify the quality of services provided
            by real estate professionals.
        





×
ask us anything





                                    first name
                                

required



                                    last name
                                

required



                                  email
                                

required



                                    ask us anything
                                











submit








































