













17th judicial district















17thjudicialdistrict.com













seventeenth judicial district for the state of colorado circa 2002 -2006

 
this was the official website for the seventeenth judicial district for the state of colorado. it has been preserved by bryan boothe as part of his project to archive sites focused on government services. bryan's interest in the government's responsibility to regulate websites' content and the challenges of removing google search results began while working for a local business that was harmed by bogus negative content showing up in searches for the company name on google's first page. the step brother of the owner was convicted of robbery and was serving time in prison. google's search results displayed the news item referencing this fact at the top of the page suggesting there was a relationship between the crime and the business. both the publisher and google would not remove the damaging search results and both were protected legally. the business could have paid a search consultant to bury the result, but the owners could not afford the cost. this website has a good presentation of the problems google is creating by not appropriately monitoring their search results. he has since become a strong advocate for the regulation of google's search in an effort to force accountability on the search giant. he also has been interested in the domains of sites once owned by or reporting information on government policies. he was intrigued to find that many of the original domains no longer appeared on line due to domain registration failures, and chose to purchase and reconstitute these websites as a hobby. paul peterson, an educator at penn state, discovered bryan's small collection of sites and provided funding to expand the set of sites, determined to use them in a course on internet law that addresses the challenges of removing google search results, among other topics. bryan's sites are now part of the university's curriculum.

content is from the site's 2002 -2006 archived pages.

the current website for the the seventeenth judicial district for the state of colorado is found at: www.courts.state.co.us/courts/district/index.cfm?district_id=17
 
if we are to keep our democracy, there must be one commandment:
"thou shalt not ration justice." -- learned hand
    the seventeenth judicial district for the state of colorado includes adams county and the city and county of broomfield.  there are ten district court judges, seven county court judges and six magistrates who serve on the bench in the seventeenth judicial district.  the seventeenth judicial district is the fifth largest judicial district in the state of colorado.  the court serves over four hundred twenty seven thousand people including residents of two counties and ten municipalities or towns.
the judges and staff of the seventeenth judicial district hope that this site is informative and helpful.
the judges and staff of the seventeenth judicial district, located at 1100 judicial center drive in brighton, colorado and 17 descombes drive in broomfield, colorado, have developed this site on the world wide web as a service to the members of the communities that we serve.   this site is intended to impart information that may be useful to both attorneys and non-lawyers regarding court contacts, court resources, counseling resources, government information and related subjects.  
    the court officials  page contains brief biographical sketches of the judges, magistrates and key administrators in the seventeenth judicial district.  the court information page contains directions to the courthouse, information regarding jury duty, telephone numbers for the district and county court divisions, probation, child support collection, county attorney's office, district attorney's office and more.  additionally, for court information regarding the city and county of broomfield, you may review the city and county of broomfield  page.  this page contains directions to the city and county of broomfield courthouse, information regarding jury duty, telephone numbers for the district and county court divisions, probation, child support collection, city attorney's office, district attorney's office and more.
    additionally, information related to misdemeanor and traffic county court matters can be accessed at the traffic and misdemeanors page.  this page contains information which will be of assistance in understanding how such matters are processed and what your rights are.
    information regarding the new simplified domestic relations procedures can be accessed at the simplified domestic relations page.  this page contains information which will be of assistance in understanding how such matters are processed.
    the public information page includes information pertaining to legal service organizations, other court and governmental agencies, and links to adams county government and most of the municipalities situated in the seventeenth judicial district.  a new addition to the seventeenth judicial district public information page is a description of  the seventeenth judicial district pilot programs.  these programs are innovative efforts directed at dealing with a more systematic approach to more effectively resolving current issues of concern in the judicial department.
    for citizens needing information related to processing cases without an attorney, resources related to obtaining information about attorneys, counselors and other related topics, the seventeenth judicial district has created a self-help center.  the self-help center not only contains  forms and brochures with information regarding the processing of cases it also has information related to  non-adversarial alternatives for resolving or avoiding litigation.  
    the self-help center  also includes a resource center which contains information about counseling services, domestic violence protective resources, mental health providers, alcohol and drug treatment agencies, and alternative dispute resolution options.  
    for educators, the seventeenth judicial district has established the classroom to courtroom project.  teachers or other educators may make arrangements for court related activities including courtroom observing, lectures or other classroom activities.  students or teachers may access and use a number of handouts prepared to assist them in teaching or better understanding the judicial process at this page.
    the judges and staff of the seventeenth judicial district hope that the information and resources  included in this web site are helpful in imparting needed assistance to our community.
 


 




 






court locations and driving directions

 




general information about the seventeenth judicial district
       the seventeenth judicial district consists of ten district court divisions, seven county court divisions and six magistrate divisions assigned to hear cases arising in  adams county, colorado and the city and county of broomfield, colorado.  
    the courts for the seventeenth judicial district can be found at two locations.  cases arising in adams county are heard at the adams county justice center, 1100 judicial center drive, brighton, colorado 80601.  cases arising in the city and county of broomfield are heard at the city and county of broomfield police and courts building, 17 descombes drive, broomfield, colorado 80020.  a history of the seventeenth judicial districtgives a brief historical overview of the seventeenth judicial district's evolution.
    information on this page deals exclusively with the adams county justice center.  for information related to the city and county of broomfield pleasevisit the city and county of broomfield information page. 
information and directions to the adams county justice center
    there are nine district court divisions, six county court divisions, and six magistrate divisions in the adams county justice center located at 1100 judicial center drive in brighton, colorado 80601.
directions and map to the adams county justice center
 to obtain driving directions, mapping information, hours of operation, and information regarding public transportation, please visit the directions to the adams county justice center page.
adams county justice center hours of operation 



courthouse hours
8:00 o'clock a.m. to 5:00 o'clock p.m., monday through friday, excluding court holidays. schedule of court holidays


clerk's window hours
8:00 o'clock a.m. to noon and 1:00 o'clock p.m. to 5:00 o'clock p.m., monday through friday excluding court holidays


file room hours
8:00 o'clock a.m. to noon and 1:00 o'clock p.m. to 4:00 o'clock p.m., monday through friday excluding court holidays



information for jury service
    if you have been called for jury service, the jury service page has information which may be of assistance to you.  to obtain general information pertaining to all jurors in the state of colorado regarding what they can expect in jury service including the rights as well as obligations of jurors and their employers, please read the colorado judicial department pamphlet.to obtain answers to questions that jurors commonly ask, please see frequently asked questions.
 to determine whether you will need to report for jury service:    do i need to report?.  if for any reason this link is not working or does not contain your juror information, call (303) 654-3212 after 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the evening before your appearance date and listen to the recorded message.
    the seventeenth judicial district has created virtual jury tours to assist jurors in better understanding of where they will go and what they will do when they reach the courthouse.  the virtual jury tours explain what will be expected of prospective jurors from courthouse security, show jurors where the jury commissioner is located, and provide a quick overview of what jury service will entail.  each tour has instructions on how to use the tour.  to view these instructions click on the viewing the virtual tour link on each page.  it is recommended that you review the instructions to learn about the video control button functions in each movie.  the tour, including watching the instructional video, takes about seven (7) minutes.
    the virtual jury tour for adams county is an interactive guide which requires your browser to have the macromedia flash player.  to download a free copy of the player, visit the macromedia flash player download site.
jury commissioner




deborah tiffany

(303) 654-3210





    if you have questions regarding the specifics of your jury summons or service you may contact the jury commissioner's office.  if you have received a jury summons  reporting information is provided the evening before the date which you have been summonsed to appear.  you may obtain this information by calling (303) 654-3212 after 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the evening before your appearance date.  you will receive detailed information regarding your jury service.  time for check-in varies and is included in the messages which the jury commissioner prepares on a daily basis.  
    if you are required to report for jury duty, you should first check in at the windows at the jury commissioner's office.  the jury commissioner's check-in counter is located on the first floor of the adams county justice center.  after entering through the main entrance to the facility, proceed to the first corridor on your right and you will see the jury commissioner's office and check-in counter beneath the signs clearly setting forth the location at the south end of the corridor.   
where will my case be heard?
the type of case you have determines where your case will be heard.  if you have a major criminal case, such as a felony filing, a divorce case, a juvenile case or civil case which exceeds $15,000.00 in damages, generally your case will be heard in the district court.  if you have a civil case of less than $15,000.00, a traffic case or misdemeanor case, your case will generally be heard in county court.  if both parties want an expeditious handling of their case and their case only seeks money damages less than $7,500.00, the case may be heard in the small claims division of the county court where the rules of evidence and procedure are simplified.  to see if your case is on the court's docket, review the following section.
court dockets, division setting practices and civil case filing information
the court docketing page includes information regarding weekly court dockets, division specific setting practices, or  information regarding civil case filing practices.
schedule of filing fees
    to determine how much it costs to file a case, review the schedule of filing feesin adobe acrobat format.  please note that these fees are subject to periodic revision or change.
   you will need to load the adobe acrobat  reader to view the schedule of filing fees.  the reader can be downloaded free of charge at:
directory of telephone numbers
    the following directory of telephone numbers may be used to contact the individual court division handling your case:
district court division telephone numbers




division a - district court civil    
(303) 654-3290


division b - district court family law   
(303) 654-3249


division b-1 - district court family law magistrate            
(303) 654-3244


division c - district court civil 
(303) 654-3260


division d - district court juvenile  
(303) 654-3280


division d-1 - district court juvenile magistrate 
(303) 654-3285


division d-2 - district court juvenile magistrate
(303) 654-3281


division d-3 - protection orders and small claims magistrate
(303) 654-3276


division e - district court criminal   
(303) 654-3270


division f - district court criminal 
(303) 654-3240


division g - district court criminal      
(303) 654-3250


division k - district court family law
(303) 654-3257


division k-1 - district court family law magistrate
(303) 654-3234


division l - district court criminal
(303) 654-3259




county court division telephone numbers




division 1 - county court civil   
(303) 654-3330


division 2 - county court criminal  
(303) 654-3340


division 3 - county court criminal 
(303) 654-3350


division 4 - county court criminal      
(303) 654-3360


division 5 - county court criminal
(303) 654-3320


division 6 - county court criminal
(303) 654-3380


division r - magistrate 
(303) 654-3370




other telephone numbers and information  for court related services and officials:
adams county justice center information




main switchboard  

(303) 659-1161





administration




melinda taylor, court administrator    

(303) 654-3205





clerk of the combined court





eloise cohen, clerk of the combined courts  


(303) 654-3202





court interpreter coordination services




colleen kent, coordinating interpreter

(303) 654-3377





probation offices




mike garcia, chief probation officer
(303) 451-5555


thornton probation office (main office)
(303) 451-5555


brighton probation office 
(303) 654-3408


brighton alcohol unit  
(303) 654-3408


commerce city probation office
(720) 322-1370


aurora probation office (isp)
(303) 363-9450




for an office directory with listings for specific probation department employees in adobe acrobat format, please view the   telephone directory.
additional information can be accessed at the probation services page
diversion and supervision programs



intervention brighton office 
(303) 654-0555


intervention northglenn office
(303) 450-6000


juvenile diversion       
(303) 623-3467



adams community corrections program




administration

(720) 322-1381



in-take
                     (720) 872-8316 ext. 215


loft house
(303) 289-4543


phoenix center
(303) 287-8205


community service center
(720) 872-8316




office of the district attorney 




don quick, district attorney main office
(303) 659-7720


victim witness/trial support   
(303) 655-3899


district attorney e-mail address
 dquick@da17.state.co.us




additional information is available at the district attorney's website
office of the county attorney




james d. robinson, county attorney 

(303) 654-6116





additional information is available at the county attorney's website
child support collection, family support unit




information center

(303) 227-2233





office of the public defender




brighton office  

(303) 659-4274





additional information is available at the colorado public defenders website
adams county sheriff's office




doug darr, sheriff      

(303) 654-1850





additional information is available at the adams county sheriff's office
court appointed special advocates of adams and broomfield counties (casa) - brighton office




sharon schrage, executive director

(303) 654-3378





additional information can be accessed at casa of adams and broomfield counties
allocation of parental responsibility evaluations




brighton counseling center

(303) 659-6280





transcriptions of tape recorded county court and district court proceedings




georgia wagner




 




 

 
adams county information:
jurors with numbers 0601 to 1300 for august 14, 2006 must report for jury duty.  please call (303) 654-3212 after 5:00 o'clock p.m. the night before you are scheduled for jury duty and listen to the recorded message to make certain that there has not been a cancellation or scheduling change regarding your trial after these numbers have been posted.  
if your number is one of those listed to report, please report to the jury commissioner on the first floor of the adams county justice center, 1100 judicial center drive, brighton, colorado 80601.  to review  juror reporting status for the week, visit do i need to report? for more information, visit the jury service page. for driving directions, information regarding public transportation, and hours of operation, visit the directions to the adams county justice center page. take a virtual jury tour to learn more about jury service.
 
city and county of broomfield information:
all jurors  for august 14, 2006 are excused from jury duty.    
if your number is one of those scheduled to report, please report to the jury commissioner on the first floor of the city and county of broomfield courthouse, 17 descombes drive, broomfield colorado.  to review juror reporting status for the week, visit do i need to report?   for more information visit the jury service page.  for driving directions, information regarding public transportation, and hours of operation, visit the directions to the broomfield courthouse page.  take a virtual jury tour to learn more about jury service.
 
 


 

 
the following items are prohibited from being brought into the courthouse:
knives, guns, explosives, aerosols, gases, scissors, handcuff keys, chemicals, needles, including knitting needles, tools, screws, nails, pipe,  and gerbers.
any prohibited item will be confiscated.  if you attempt to introduce any of these items into the courthouse you may be subject to criminal prosecution.
cameras and video equipment are only permitted in the courthouse by specific order of the court authorizing their use.
 
information you need to know after receiving a juror summons 
introduction
please click to read notice regarding fraudulent juror surveys
jury service is not only the legal and civic obligation of every citizen, it is also a constitutional right to be considered for service as a juror.  the law requires that jury panels reflect a fair cross-section of the community to insure that all participants receive a fair trial.  your service as a juror is indispensable to this important part of our constitutional democracy.  your service as a juror will undoubtedly be respected and appreciated by litigants, attorneys, judges, court staff and other citizens.  the judges and staff of the seventeenth judicial district thank you for your service as a juror.
to obtain general information pertaining to all jurors in the state of colorado regarding what they can expect in jury service, including the rights as well as obligations of jurors and their employers, please review the pamphlet prepared by the colorado judicial department.
frequently asked questions
to obtain answers to questions that jurors commonly ask, please review  frequently asked questions.   the links in this window will answer many of the questions frequently asked by jurors.  the jury service page, adams county court information page and city and county of broomfield court information page all contain other information that will assist jurors in understanding their service as jurors or obtaining other general information regarding the adams county combined courts and broomfield combined courts.  the judges and staff of the seventeenth judicial district once again thank you for your important service as a juror.
how do i find out if i have to attend court and where do i go?
in adams county, juror numbers are updated weekly.   to determine whether you will need to report for jury service, please click do i need to report?  if for any reason this link is not working or does not contain your juror information, call (303) 654-3212 after 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the evening before your appearance date and listen to the recorded message.  for directions to the adams county justice center click directions to the adams county justice center. for a map to the adams county justice center, click map to adams county.  
in the city and county of broomfield, juror numbers are updated weekly.  to determine whether you will need to report for jury service, please click  do i need to report?   if for any reason this link is not working or does not contain your juror information, call  (720) 887-2165 at least one day before your juror service. for directions to the city and county of broomfield police and courts building click directions to the broomfield courthouse. for a map to the city and county of broomfield police and courts building click map to broomfield county.  
information about public transportation to either courthouse, can be obtained by visiting the regional transportation district website.
virtual jury tours
the seventeenth judicial district has created virtual jury tours to assist jurors in better understanding of where they will go and what they will do when they reach the courthouse.  the virtual jury tours explain what will be expected of prospective jurors from courthouse security, show jurors where the jury commissioner is located, and provide a quick overview of what jury service will entail.  each tour has instructions on how to use the tour.  to view these instructions click on the viewing the virtual tour link on each page.  it is recommended that you review the instructions to learn about the video control button functions in each movie.  the tour, including watching the instructional video, takes about seven (7) minutes.
you may watch the virtual jury tour for adams county or the virtual jury tour for the city and county of broomfield.   this interactive guide requires your browser to have the macromedia flash player.  to download a free copy of the player, visit the macromedia flash player download site.
the juror's role in a trial

to serve as a juror a person does not need to have knowledge of the law or other special skills.  a citizen must use common sense, keep an open mind, and be fair, impartial, and honest. each lawyer advocates for his or her side of the case. the judge determines the law that will control the trial. jurors must decide what the facts are by listening carefully to the evidence presented and actively participating in jury deliberations. jurors apply the law as the judge has explained it to the  facts that the jury finds to come to a decision.
legal qualifications for jury service
in order to serve as a juror in the state of colorado, you must meet certain minimal requirements.  these requirements are:


you must be eighteen (18) years of age or older


you must live in the county that summonsed you for service


you must be able to read, speak, and understand english


you must not have served on a jury for five or more days in the past twelve months


you must not be solely responsible for the daily care of a permanently disabled person


you must not have a mental or physical disability that would prevent your ability to serve as a juror, although reasonable accommodations must be made to permit you to serve as a juror as a result of a physical disability.


reasons that you may be excused from jury service
employment, medical or other conflicts
if you have a work conflict, doctor's appointment, school conflict or other such reason for being unavailable to serve as a juror, colorado law permits you to be granted one postponement to another day.  you should contact the jury commissioner in your jurisdiction to discuss this with him or her.  in adams county call (303) 654-3210 and explain your situation.  in the city and county of broomfield call (720) 887-2165.   you should call before the day that you are scheduled to appear.  your jury commissioner will assist you in rescheduling your service.
if you no longer reside in the county that summonsed you
if you are no longer a resident of adams county or the city and county of broomfield, you are not eligible for service if you no longer live there.  you must inform the jury commissioner of your new address to be excused from service.  in adams county call (303) 654-3210 and explain your situation.  in the city and county of broomfield call (720) 887-2165.   you should call before the day that you are scheduled to appear.
if you suffer from a medical condition that prohibits you from serving as a juror
if you have a medical condition that would preclude you from being able to serve as a juror, and you are under seventy-two (72) years of age, you must have a physician's statement indicating that you could not serve as a juror. 
if you are over the age of seventy-two (72) and have a physical or mental condition that would hinder your service as a juror, please fill out the juror questionnaire and write "physically unable to serve" on it.  then return the questionnaire to the jury commissioner's office.
special issues for stay-at-home parents
if you are a stay-at-home parent, you can be reimbursed up to $15.00 per day for childcare expenses necessitated by  jury service.  you may also be eligible for reimbursement of mileage.  you should call the jury commissioner in your jurisdiction to learn more about these matters.  in  adams county call (303) 654-3210 and explain your situation.  in the city and county of broomfield call (720) 887-2165.   you should call before the day that you are scheduled to appear.
if you are not a citizen of the united states
if you are not a citizen of the united states and have received a juror's summons, please make certain that you have your green card or passport visa number available.  provide that information on your juror questionnaire and return the questionnaire to the jury commissioner.
college students
if you reside in the county while you are attending college, then you are eligible for jury duty.  just as employers cannot punish employees for attending jury duty, college professors cannot punish students for attending jury duty.  if you must reschedule because of finals or other important events, you are eligible to reschedule your service once as a matter of right.  see the employment,_medical_or_other_conflicts section above to learn how to be excused.
additionally, if you are living in another county while attending college you can be excused from jury service.  you should fill out your juror questionnaire, completing the address that you presently are living and return the questionnaire to your jury commissioner to be excused.
how do i request a postponement or to be excused?
if you desire to request a postponement or to be excused, you can contact the jury commissioner in your county at the telephone number listed in the reasons that you may be excused from jury service  section of this page or  click on the appropriate link below, fill out the electronic form requesting postponement or excuse and follow the directions to notify the jury commissioner in your county.
for the adams county combined courts request for postponement or excuse.
for the combined courts for the city and county of broomfield, click request for postponement or excuse.
am i paid for jury service?
colorado law provides that an employer is responsible for the first three days of jury service.  the state will then pay $50.00 per day for each day of jury service after the first three days.  if you are self-employed, you are responsible for your own expenses for the first three days and then will be paid at the same rate as jurors who are not self-employed for each day thereafter.  unemployed persons are entitled to reimbursements of certain expenses during the first three days of trial.  you should speak to the jury commissioner to obtain specific information.
 

 
17thjudicialdistrict.com












