

















































home
firm overview
attorneys
practice areas

administrative law
business and commercial law

business formation
collections
commercial litigation
contract disputes
corporate governance


construction laws

construction liens and payment bonds
contractor licensing
government bidding and acquisitions
miller act claims


family law
labor and employment law

immigration law


real estate law

estate planning services




resources
publications






home





home



bostwick & price p.c. is a salt lake city area law firm experienced in a broad range of practice areas that will serve your business or help in your personal concerns.
thorough knowledge of utah construction law
our lawyers are well known within the utah construction industry for our expertise in construction law, which is one of the most complex areas of the law. we have labored in the industry and know the construction and real estate business from within.
we have been actively involved in helping utah legislators draft and create laws that will help the business owner and strengthen the industry.
our backgrounds and combined expertise uniquely position us to understand your specific business concerns and how to resolve your issues in the legal arena.
for the business

construction law
business and commercial law
labor and employment law

our firm is av preeminent*, the highest designation under martindale-hubbell’s peer review rating system.
contact us
801-961-7400,   darrel@bostwickprice.com
*av preeminent is a certification mark of reed elsevier properties inc., used in accordance with the martindale-hubbell certification procedures, standards and policies. martindale-hubbell is the facilitator of a peer review rating process. ratings reflect the confidential opinions of members of the bar and the judiciary. martindale-hubbell ratings fall into two categories: legal ability and general ethical standards.











please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.contact information *e-mail *phone # *description of your legal issue *disclaimer *i have read the disclaimer.the use of the internet or this form for communication with the firm or any individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client relationship. confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent through this form.emailsubmit  our office location
bostwick law, llc
p.o. box 95409
south jordan, ut 84095
phone: 801-961-7400
fax: 801-961-7406
map and directions





 © 2025
frontier theme














