

discount moissanite jewelry & moissanite engagement rings 14k gold, loose stones



















 




moissanite jewelry



rings


	earrings


	pendants


loose stones


special order


	sale items


antique rings



moissanite information



about moissanite


	in the news


	faq


history


gaurantee


tester


brilliance


stone cutting



company information



terms/policies


sitemap


about us


complete product list


order


resources


contact

shipping


ring size conversion

why shop?

fast shipping
30 day returns
impeccable quality

more....


 














we have been making 
            moissanite jewelry since it's release in 1998.  we were the 
            first moissanite jewelers on the internet!

consumer warning:  please do not 
            overpay for your moissanite jewelry
we have 2 charles & colvard certified jewelers on staff with 
            over 60 years combined experience manufacturing only the best fine 
            14k gold jewelry.





fast shipping - 30 day returns - 
            impeccable quality
 






all moissanite rings
engagement rings
3 stone rings
            wedding bands


find the perfect bridal engagement ring, three stone 
			ring, or wedding band in solid 14 karat gold, white gold, or 
			platinum. traditional and modern styles solitaire rings available.





            all antique moissanite jewelry
engagement rings
            3 stone rings
            wedding bands

we have the largest selection of antique 
			engagement rings, 3 stone rings, and wedding bands anywhere!  
			all heavy, high quality solid 14 karat gold solitaire ring settings. 
			our antique wedding sets are fine quality.








 






moissanite earrings



from traditional stud 
				earrings, 3 stone, or
				antique we've got it all at great prices! best prices on 
				moissanite earring guaranteed! we will match or beat any 
				competitors pricing.



 



moissanite pendants




we carry solitaire pendants, 
				tension set, antique, and the new journey pendant that's on 
				fire! see another pendant somewhere else, but like our prices, 
				send us an
				
				email and let us show you how we can beat their price by up 
				to 50%.


















moissanite
                loose stones



                we carry only top-quality charles & colvard  

® gemstones, which are carefully hand inspected & chosen to meet
                our highest quality standards to ensure the whitest stone 
                possible.
these are top quality stones 
                and come with a certificate of authenticity from charles and colvard.


































































moissanite is unquestionably the best & most realistic diamond substitute in the 
		world. moissanite's brilliance, hardness, weight
		
and scratch resistance 
		rival all other gemstones. this precious jewel possesses all the romance 
		and passion of rubies, emeralds, diamond and sapphires. please look over our 
		website, read our information & see our unique collection of  
		jewelry. more fire then diamonds! when it comes to moissanite vs. 
		diamond there is no question of cost comparison and value.  no one 
		can tell the difference!




special order

these items can be special ordered.  
      most have large stone sizes and custom designs.  we can make or 
		reproduce any ring that you may want at our great prices!


on sale now!




      don't pass up these great offers! some items below wholesale!
our discount moissanite overstock is 
		running out, please order now due to the recent spike in gold prices and 
		our overstock depletion!






stud 
      earrings sale!









latest testimonial



i received my art deco ring today and it is beautiful.  i 
  looked at the moissanite ring in the sunlight and compared to my diamond 
  engagement ring (which is a vs1 g color) the moissanite ring looked much more 
  beautiful.  thank you ... for all your help.  i will purchase some more 
  moissanite jewelry in the future and will certainly recommend your site.  in 
  this economy, ladies think about purchasing a moissanite ring. you will not be 
  sorry!
marie c.




more testimonials










name






email*
















here at
        moissanitejewelry.com you can be assured to receive the best jewelry at
        wholesale prices (bridal, engagement rings, wedding bands, eternity rings, three 
		stone rings, jewels, wedding sets and earrings), guaranteed! we will beat any competitors advertised
        website price! we strongly feel that we are the lowest priced 
        dealer in the world. if you see a piece of jewelry at another website,
        give us a call and let us show you how we can beat their price by up to
        50%. many of our jewelry pieces (moissanite diamond engagement rings, earrings, and
        pendants) are the same exact pieces you see at other jewelers for up to
        twice the cost.  beware of jewelers offering "free"
        layaway, "free" gift box, "free" shipping, "free" sizing, "free"
        appraisal, "free" examination, "free" everything, but charging
        up to twice the price for
        the jewelry. we offer many of these free services included in our
        wholesale prices. all of our jewelry is in stock and ready for shipment
        (ring sizing may take 1-3 days), other jewelers may take weeks before
        you receive your item. these are just a few of the reasons to shop with
        jewelers studio, designing and manufacturing fine jewelry for over 30
        years.
moissanite created by charles and colvard 
		is a spectacular stone created in the lab, that has fire, brilliance, 
		luster and incredible hardness unlike any stone you have ever seen even 
		better then a diamond. they 
		are rapidly becoming the symbol of the smart, the savvy and fashionable 
		people worldwide.  the loose stones are near colorless and 
        have a comparable color to diamonds of about an i-j and clarity that is about a vvs1 
        or better.
         







   moissanite
diamonds | moissanite 

 









home - 
			moissanitejewelry.com

			moissanitejewelry.com











 






email: 
			
			info@moissanitejewelry.com



  
     
			     
			  
			   
			
 
			   


                 




copyright © 1999-2018  
			moissanitejewelry.com





