




























welcome to long bay beach resort, british virgin islands








































 







            book your dream escape 182 days in advance and enjoy 30% off stays of 5 nights or more.
        












about




rooms




eat + drink




amenities




special offers




news




weddings and events




more




say "i do"




contact




location




resort membership program




own a piece of paradise




resort fact sheet




protect your trip with travel insurance




privacy policy










                book now
              









escape to laid-back luxury at our boutique hotel in tortola, a top british virgin islands resort.









welcome tolong bay beach resortbritish virgin islands


nestled on the picturesque shore of long bay beach, relax in nature and experience the laidback luxury of the caribbean at this scenic hideaway.






















beachfront rooms overlooking soft white sand, rolling surf and iconic island peaks.


    learn more about our rooms  









designed to capture and elevate the casual atmosphere of long bay beach, enjoy the luxuries of comfort and fine cuisine as you relax alongside crystal blue waters.


    learn more about our restaurants  














rolling waves and lush hiking trails offer a natural playground for island adventures and deep rejuvenation to unfold.


    learn more about our experiences  











recent reviews








              @longbaybvi
            






bring dreams to life. 

every wave that kisses the
 





where the only worry is what cocktail to order nex


 





send this to someone you want to have dinner with 
 





rekindle the passion, reawaken the romance, and re
 





you won’t believe where our fleet can take you!

 





your story begins here. are you ready?

close your


 


 













newsletter



get exclusive updates from long bay beach resort

email*

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  

















contact

                  long bay, west end tortola,
vg1130, british virgin islands

info@longbay.com
reservations@longbay.com

+1 (284) 345-3773



































local information
road town, vg75°partly cloudythufrisat82°f / 73°f81°f / 72°f81°f / 73°froad town, vg weather forecast ▸


























contact




hotel policy




privacy policy




privacy settings




the long bay journal




own a piece of paradise




world luxury hotel awards








© 2025 long bay beach resort




























