


classic sports cars classic car collectors british sports cars






































lotus
mg
triumph
jaguar
austin healy
tvr
other english cars
japanese cars
european marques








toad hall home page
the simmons homestead inn
bill putman's home page
how this got started
directions



























a really 
        great collection of over 50 classic sports cars, mostly english with some 
        japanese and european ones thrown in. there are a dozen lotuses, half 
        a dozen mgs, triumphs and jaguars, and a bunch of austin healeys, tvrs, 
        datsuns, and ferrari, mazda, morgan, ac, sunbeam, mini, and a few more.
 and, of course, they are all 
        red. 
 








toad 
            hall kinda started out with a few sports cars housed in a shed 
		behind the simmons homestead inn in hyannis port on cape cod. over the 
		past dozen years the number of sheds and cars grew and grew. finally 
		when there were some three dozen cars, the sheds all got tied together 
		and enclosed. now there are more than 50 inside and another bunch 
		outside that at least can get driven around. most are classics from the 
		50s to the 80s. most are english, all are red. there are several cars of 
		which less than a dozen are in the states, but the rest simply will 
		bring back happy memories to the older folks. the cars are all nicely 
		restored, and they are all handsome drivers, that is if you can get them 
		out of a now rather crowded garage. the toad hall collection has just 
		been open a year, but everyone who has visited it has had a really great 
		experience. it's now one of the largest collections of sports cars in 
		the country. you just gotta come and check it out.



						
             



 
 if 
              you remember back in your childhood, 
              or maybe more recently, you probably read the book or saw the walt 
              disney movie the wind in the willows by kenneth grahame, written 
              back in 1908. about a bunch of animal characters in england in the 
              late 1800s. the leading guy was toad, lord of toad hall. he was 
              totally fascinated by the then new motorcar. and, all of toad's 
              cars were red too. this same fascination is carried forward today 
              at the toad hall sports car museum at the simmons homestead inn 
              in hyannis port, massachusetts, right in the center of cape cod. 
                






 






 this 
              collection of classic sports cars is the private collection of bill 
              putman, innkeeper of sorts at the simmons homestead inn it was just 
              opened up to the public for the first time in 2003. it's open daily 
              from 11 a.m. till 5 p.m. year round. admission is $8 per adult, 
              big kids from 10 to 16 are $4, and kids under 10 are free if they 
              come with their folks. we will make one exception for bored spouses 
              and only charge them $4, and we have chairs for them while waiting 
              for the car nuts to finish up. then there is an added 'benefit' 
              if you are staying as a guest at the simmons homestead inn. you 
              can get in free! bring a camera 
              if you want. if you are old enough not to rip things off the dashboard, 
              bill might let you sit in one of them to bring back the old times. 
              this is a place to enjoy. 







the 
              cars are all registered and run if you can get them out of the garage. 
              place has gotten a bit crowded over the years as it grew out of 
              control. oh well. you can get a preview by going up to the top and 
              clicking on the various marques.

              you can also go to the directions page and find out how to get here. 
              toad hall and the simmons homestead inn are in hyannis port, just 
              outside of hyannis smack in the middle of cape cod.

              also feel free to call us at 1-508-778-4934 or e-mail us at toadhallcars@aol.com
toad 
              hall sports car museum is a great place to spend some time and really 
              enjoy these classic red little critters.


















lotus
mg
triumph
jaguar
austin healy
tvr
other english cars
japanese cars
european marques








toad hall home page
the simmons homestead inn
bill putman's home page
how this got started
directions






									 
toad hall classic sports car museum
										at the simmons homestead inn
										288 scudder avenue
										hyannis port ma 02647
										telephone 1-508-778-4934
										e-mail us at toadhallcars@aol.com























