















the world leader in low-level laser technology - erchonia


























































 
 





























skip to main content




ecommunity



 


|


                  search 


















products


lasers for fat loss
lasers for pain
foot fungus lasers
therapeutic, stands & accessories
veterinary


technology


laser applications
laser classification
research


events
resources


blog & news
videos
references
faq


about
contact
 
find a provider

















search



search





























the world leader in low-level laser technology
erchonia is the world leader in the field of low-level laser technology dedicated to producing safe, effective solutions designed for physicians, chiropractors, physical therapists, health clinics, and veterinarians worldwide. achieving 22 fda clearances and praised by harvard for excellence in research.

 learn more            







the world leader in low-level laser technology
erchonia is the world leader in the field of low-level laser technology dedicated to producing safe, effective solutions designed for physicians, chiropractors, physical therapists, health clinics, and veterinarians worldwide. achieving 22 fda clearances and praised by harvard for excellence in research.

 learn more        













how laser therapy works.


erchonia uses low level lasers in the visible light spectrum. the primary mechanism for the absorption of visible light photons is the elevation of electrons to higher energy levels. this is known as molecular excitement and can be explained deeper through visible/ uv spectroscopy.
visible light photons match the energy volt (ev) or frequency between the orbits of electrons to move the electron to a higher state (excite). it is in this excited state that chemical reactions of molecules occur. one of the most important chemical reactions is when photons of visible light energy strike certain atoms, that energy may push an electron to a higher energy level where it can be picked up by an electron acceptor. the electron transport chain uses the high-energy electrons to convert adp into atp. the electron transport chain (etc) is the primary source of atp production in the body and is vital for life!



learn more









what is low level laser therapy?
low level laser therapy (lllt), also known as or cold laser
therapy, is a non-invasive, pain-free treatment utilizing specific
wavelengths of light to stimulate cellular activity and promote
natural healing processes. erchonia’s state-of-the-art lllt
devices deliver targeted, low-intensity laser beams to the
affected tissue, enhancing cell metabolism, reducing
inflammation, and accelerating tissue repair. widely used for pain
management, wound healing, and various musculoskeletal
conditions, erchonia’s lllt offers a safe, effective, and drug-free
solution for patients seeking relief and improved quality of life.

 learn more










erchonia’s 1 treatment challenge
experience the transformation with erchonia’s low-level lasers
we invite you to watch an inspiring video featuring real-life stories from individuals who have experienced the remarkable benefits of erchonia’s low-level laser treatments. our 1 treatment challenge has changed lives, and now it’s your turn to see how.
why watch the video?

real testimonials, real results: hear directly from those who have felt the transformative effects of our lasers.
pain relief redefined: learn how erchonia’s technology is providing a non-invasive solution to chronic pain.
increased mobility: witness the joy of regaining range of motion and freedom of movement.
see the difference: visual proof of how just one treatment can make a significant impact.


the erchonia difference
our cutting-edge low-level lasers are at the forefront of pain management and mobility enhancement. erchonia’s commitment to non-invasive, pain-free treatment is not just a promise – it’s a reality, as you’ll see in the video.
ready to take the next step?
after watching the testimonials, you might feel inspired to experience the benefits for yourself. it’s easy – just click on our “find a provider” button. this will guide you to a qualified professional who can introduce you to the wonders of erchonia’s laser treatments.
 
🔍 find a provider









🔍 find a provider






products





lasers for fat loss







lasers for pain









foot fungus lasers







therapeutic stands & accessories







veterinary lasers









upcoming events







feb
21




webinar

integrated functional neurology | live stream available


dr. chad woolnerdr. andrew wellstrevor berry dc dacnberchonia hq or live stream  |   12:00 pm est  |   $299.00 





view all events









faq
frequently asked questions



what is low-level laser therapy (3lt®)?
low-level laser therapy is the use of low intensity photonic energy as a treatment modality.




how does low-level laser (3lt®) work?
photonic stimuli excite the body’s cells infusing them with energy, with the three primary reactions being, reduction of inflammation, cell function and increased blood flow.




what are the benefits of low-laser therapy?
low level laser therapy is a non-invasive, fast and effective modality that has been proven in clinical trials to reduce pain, reduce edema, and promote healing.



faq









“to all skeptics, i am now a believer. i beseech all of you. give the laser treatments a chance.”


                  bill geed, u.s.m.c.                







“this is one of the finest pieces of equipment i own – probably the best. the engineering is superb and you should be proud of the excellent design and function of these lasers. for me i have no doubt, this laser has literally saved my life.”


                  dr. bert rodriguez                







i would recommend the use of the fx-635 for all practitioners who deal with chronic low back pain. back pain does not discriminate between genders, ethnic groups and activity levels. the fx is the choice for all back pain suffers.


                  satisfied customer                







“literally within one day the pain was gone! for me, it was miraculous! dr. gunn has since done two other areas of pain with laser treatments. both areas are now pain free as well. i am so grateful for dr. gunn and laser therapy. my quality of life has drastically improved!”


                  donna nash                










need more info? contact us today.
contact us








seminars
news
partners
contact
 









terms & conditions | privacy policy
                        © copyright erchonia corporation. 2025 all rights reserved.
                    









 








we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
gdpr privacy policy



accept

 






 


 


































change cookie settings







close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
you can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.










enable all
save changes

 











