






maui scuba diving – mike severns diving | two-tank boat dives for certified scuba divers




































navigation


dives
our award winning blog
guides
contact
testimonials


dives
our award winning blog
guides
contact
testimonials











maui scuba diving
43 years of exceptional scuba diving
to our dear divers and friends
we know this will come as a surprise to many of you. in mid-september 2022 we completed the sale of mike severns diving. we are happy to say that our boat, pilikai, is continuing in service with new owners, javier and christina cantellops, under the new company name of island style diving.
for the past 35 years my treasured crew members and i have had the unparalleled joy of sharing underwater adventures with you. the discoveries, the epic animal encounters, the beautiful photographs, the laughter and pure fun of spending time together as divers will be treasured for the rest of our lives. 
we are still as passionate as ever about giving people the highest quality diving on maui, but we feel it is better to exit gracefully when we are still healthy and not too old, rather than to wait until we have passed this point. the time felt perfect to pass the torch to the next generation and i am thrilled to be doing that with javier and christina. 
the hardest part of letting go will be not seeing our repeating divers, some of whom have been with us the entire 35 years that i have been here at mike severns diving (and for even a few years before i came along). 
we humbly thank you for trusting us to keep you safe, for wanting to learn about the animals, for laughing with us, and for being so supportive of us as individuals, as well as supportive of mike severns diving during its 43 years of operation. you’ve brought us immeasurable joy. 
~ pauline fiene







maui underwater photography
hawaii’s endemic species
hawaii marine life
maui whale season
our award-winning blog
recommended reading
scuba diving t-shirts
useful links
come visit us on facebook






© mike severns diving –  all rights reserved.website: dzinepod






 
















