







prozac truth - what you need to know











































 





home


side effects


taper


resources


contact


privacy policy


disclaimer















what you need to know














 posted: december 28, 2019 by prozac truth

the physician’s psychoactive medication resource guide


do you have a patient suffering from medication side effects? do you have patients that are ready to get off their medications? a step-by-step method is now available. insomnia, anxiety, head symptoms are the common withdrawal side effects from psychoactive drugs which stops most people form being able to completely get off their medication. those symptoms no longer need to get in the way of a successful taper.
deciding how fast to titrate off a medication can be a confusing decision. which medication to taper first needs to be based on drug/drug inerations associated with the cyp enzymes. did you know, if you taper a patient off the antidepressant first, while they concurrently take a benzodiazepine, the patient will go into withdrawal on the benzodiazepine as well?
click here for the methods used by physicians worldwide to taper patients off psychoactive medications.
how to get off psychoactive drugs safely covers:

things to be aware of
what to do before you reduce benzodiazepines, anti-anxiety drugs, anticonvulsants and sleep medications
what to do before you reduce an antidepressant
what to do before you reduce an antipsychotic medication
what to do before you reduce adhd medications or stimulants
how to reduce benzodiazepines, anti-anxiety medications, anticonvulsants and sleep medications
how to reduce antidepressants
how to reduce antipsychotic medication
how to reduce adhd medication and stimulants
what you can do to eliminate side effects if you are alrealdy tapering a drug or quit a drug and are still suffering

the latest edition of how to get off psychotropic drugs safely, is now available as an e-book and at amazon.com. this bestselling book details what to do to avoid prozac withdrawal side effects, what you can do to eliminate existing prozac withdrawal side effects and how to reduce the prozac safely. click here for the e-book which allows you to receive the book instantly
review by dr. hyla cass m.d. psychiatrist “here is an essential handbook on how to safely and more easily wean yourself (under medical supervision) off the heavily over-prescribed psychotropic medications. i have used the program with my patients and it works!” hyla cass m.d. author of supplement your prescription









 posted: december 9, 2019 by prozac truth

prozac cardiovascular side effects

here are the side effects of prozac involving the heart and the blood vessels.
1. palpitation – unusual and not normal heartbeat, that is sometimes irregular, but rapid and forceful thumping or fluttering. it can be brought on by shock, excitement, exertion, or medical stimulants. a person is normally unaware of his/her heartbeat.
2. hypertension – is high blood pressure, which is a symptom of disease in the blood vessels leading away from the heart. hypertension is known as the “silent killer”. the symptoms are usually not obvious, however it can lead to damage to the heart, brain, kidneys and eye, and even to stroke and kidney failure. treatment includes dietary and lifestyle changes.
3. bradycardia – the heart rate is slowed from 72 beats per minute, which is normal, to below 60 beats per minute in an adult.
4. tachycardia – the heart rate is speeded up to above 100 beats per minute in an adult. normal adult heart rate is 72 beats per minute.
5. ecg abnormal – a test called an electrocardiogram (ecg) that records the activity of the heart. it measures heartbeats as will as the position and size of the heart’s four chambers. it also measures if there is damage to the heart and the effects of drugs or mechanical devices like a pacemaker on the heart. when the test is abnormal this means that one or more of the following are present: heart disease, defects, beating too fast or too slow, disease of the blood vessels leading from the heart or of the heart valves, and/or a past or about to occur heart attack.
6. varicose vein – unusually swollen veins near the surface of the skin that sometimes appear twisted and knotted, but always enlarged. they are called hemorrhoids when they appear around the rectum. the cause is attributed to hereditary weakness in the veins aggravated by obesity, pregnancy, pressure from standing, aging, etc. severe cases may develop swelling in the legs, ankles and feet, eczema and/or ulcers in the affected areas.
lexapro side effects
7. flushing – the skin all over the body turns red.









search  



recent posts


the physician’s psychoactive medication resource guide


prozac cardiovascular side effects














copyright © 2021 · all rights reserved · prozac truth


























