






athletic training






































































































































skip to main content
harris college
department of kinesiology



menu






home


undergraduate


graduate






athletic training


kinesiology


ph.d. in health sciences





student experience


faculty & staff






publications





research & outreach






applied metabolic & physiology lab


liink center for healthy play


locomotor performance lab


motor behavior lab


physical activity & developmental disability lab


sport & exercise psychology lab










athletic training


kinesiology

graduate

athletic training




main contentathletic trainers are highly qualified, multi-skilled health care professionals who
                     collaborate with physicians to provide preventative services, emergency care, clinical
                     diagnosis, therapeutic intervention and rehabilitation of injuries and medical conditions.
                     the master of science in athletic training (msat) will prepare graduates to be confident
                     health care providers and life-long learners by providing quality didactic, clinical
                     and interprofessional experiences.





athletic training admission
two options exist for tcu’s msat program:
early admission master’s program (3+2)
earn a bachelor of science in movement science and a master of science in athletic training in just five years. the bachelor's degree
                     is awarded before the fourth year, unlocking a 40% tuition discount after that. students
                     may also qualify for scholarships in the final six semesters of this 5-year program.
two-year program
if you already have a bachelor’s degree and the necessary prerequisites, this is the
                     option for you. you'll receive a 40% tuition discount each semester and may also qualify
                     for an additional tuition-based scholarships.
admission
degree plan
program brochure
clinical experiences
students in the master of science in athletic training program will complete both
                     integrative and immersive experiences in intercollegiate sports, high schools, rehabilitation
                     clinics, physician practices and practice advancement settings.
an immersive clinical experience is a practice-intensive experience that allows the
                     student to experience the totality of care provided by athletic trainers. students
                     will also complete an immersive field experience in the summer of their second year.
field experiences have included physician practices, intercollegiate sports (texas
                     a&m, unt, houston christian university, ut el paso, university of minnesota), and
                     professional sports (minnesota vikings, dallas cowboys, houston texans, tennessee
                     titans and las vegas aces).
professional licensure & certification disclosure
athletic training workshop leader

join us behind the scenes of tcu’s athletic training workshop, where student athletic
                        trainers step into leadership roles to mentor and inspire the next generation of aspiring
                        athletic trainers. 
in this immersive, one-week on-campus workshop, high school students get hands-on
                        experience, learning about the athletic training profession and various treatment
                        modalities directly from tcu's student athletic trainers. from teaching essential
                        skills to sharing valuable resources and insights that may not be available at their
                        schools, our student leaders provide guidance, answer questions and help shape the
                        future of athletic training. 
watch to see how tcu's student athletic trainers provide an experience that fosters
                        growth and creates a supportive community for future athletic trainers.
athletic training faculty




stephanie jevas

                              					director, athletic training program and professor of professional practice
                              					817-257-5733s.jevas@tcu.eduview profile





kristina white

                              					assistant professor of professional practice and clinical coordinator of athletic
                              training
                              					817-257-6737kristina.white@tcu.eduview profile




student organizations
athletic training students’ association (atsa)

supports athletic training education in a manner that promotes the highest quality
                                 health care to the physically active.
promotes active improvement in the athletic training education and service.
contributes to the welfare of athletic training students, staff and other health care
                                 providers associated with tcu athletic training program.
promotes and encourages students’ participation in athletic health care at tcu.
promotes and encourages collaborative relationships with students and professionals
                                 of other health care disciplines.
stimulates professionalism among student members.



professional organizations
national athletic trainers’ associationthe national athletic trainers’ association represents more than 45,000 members across
                              the u.s. and supports advancement of the profession and growth of athletic trainers.
southwest athletic trainers’ associationa district of the national athletic trainers’ association, the southwest athletic
                              trainers' association enhances care for patients and supports athletic trainers in
                              texas and arkansas.





texas christian university is accredited by the commission on accreditation of athletic
                        training education (caate) located at 2001 k street nw, 3rd floor north, washington, d.c. 20006. the program
                        will have its next comprehensive review during the 2030-2031 academic year. see caate program
                        data and outcomes for the tcu athletic training program including accreditation status,
                        board of certification pass rates and employment data, here.




stay informed
explore the latest news and updates from harris college.
news


what’s happening at harris?
stay up-to-date on upcoming events and exciting opportunities in harris college.
events


research labs
explore our seven laboratory and research spaces.
see our labs

you’re welcome here




learn how we’re committed to impacting global health through equitable, accessible
                              and inclusive education, scholarship and innovation.

our pledge



student experience
see what sets us apart. learn why tcu is where you belong.
become a horned frog





harris college

university recreation centerrickel academic wing3005 stadium drivefort worth, texas 76109directions
817-257-7665
tcu box 297730fort worth, texas 76129
e.pettijohn@tcu.edu




facebook

instagram
give





work at tcu
accessibility
notice of nondiscrimination
title ix
legal disclosures
privacy
accreditation



all content © 2025 texas christian university. all rights reserved.



top










texas christian university





search




















©
