





















you live your faith when you bless the poor - operation blessing































































 

















 

            live updates :
        



following the devastating california wildfires, our disaster relief team is on the ground actively distributing hot meals, baby formula, hygiene kits, generators, and providing aid to firefightersour disaster relief team is still on the ground in the asheville area of north carolina to help rebuild homes, businesses, and lives after hurricane helene. 















what we do

clean water
disaster relief
hunger relief
medical care


get involved

donate today
giving catalog
become a fundraiser
join mailing list
volunteer
planned giving
surgeries catalog
give by mail
careers


news & stories

field reports

clean water stories
disaster relief reports
medical care stories
hunger relief stories
blessings magazine




where we work

regions

united states
africa
asia
caribbean
europe
latin america
middle east




who we are

who we are

leadership
our financials
frequently asked questions
careers
contact us




 
donate







search :















                             you live your faith when you bless the poor 
                        

 donate

a mission you can believe in. a charity you can trust.


















our mission

             operation blessing and our partners are dedicated to demonstrating god’s love by alleviating human need and suffering in the united states and around the world.        




what we do




hunger relief

                           in the united states, and around the world, you are helping fill hungry bellies and fight hunger-related health problems through compassionate hunger relief programs in homes, schools, churches, and entire communities!








clean water

                           water is essential to life and with operation blessing you are bringing clean water to the poor and suffering through thoughtful and innovative clean water solutions that have the power to shape a brighter future.








disaster relief

                           from floods and hurricanes here in the u.s., to earthquakes and humanitarian crises around the world, your partnership helps operation blessing to be first on the ground with relief and long-term recovery for those facing devastation and loss.








medical care

                           through medical and dental brigades, community health volunteer training, ultrasound and women’s health programs, and life-changing surgeries, you are helping to heal our world’s sick and hurting with kindness and care. 















our stories


 







rebuilding lives: bringing hope after wildfires

"i've lost my community, and it's just so sad for all of my friends because it's not just that you've lost a home—you've lost your soul," janine shared. "your whole reason for living is gone, completely gone."










a harvest of hope for widows in nigeria

nigeria – imagine losing your spouse and being left alone, with few resources, to provide for your family. that was the harsh reality for rose and 32 other women in uke, nigeria. but thanks to your compassionate support, a life-changing opportunity was waiting to replace their uncertainty and fear with confident hope. a true harvest read more…










the miracle of healed hearts

china – a hole in the heart—those simple words carry the weight of a terrifying diagnosis for many children around the world. for mingruis, a young boy from china, this condition was a death sentence. but through the grace of modern medicine, and the generosity of operation blessing donors like you, mingruis’ heart was healed read more…










fresh hope through clean water—on both sides of the globe!

worldwide – because of friends like you, we are turning dreams of clean water into reality for hundreds of remote villages around the world each year. in fact, fresh hope through clean water is possible for many because of our generous partners. during the last fiscal year over 59,000 people received clean water, changing many read more…


 
















                        a mission you can believe in. a charity you can trust.                    
donate now



			other ( $ )	

minimum price: $1.00


monthly gift quantity


give now



			other ( $ )	

minimum price: $1.00


one-time gift quantity


give now
 




monthly gift






a special gift







$100



$50



$19







donate










                                    want to designate your gift? browse our giving catalog!                                



                                    want to designate your gift? browse our giving catalog!                                















our mission

                        the mission of operation blessing (ob) is to bring help and hope to a hurting world, empowering people in need through compassionate, christ-centered relief and development programs.

along with our faithful supporters, we put a special emphasis on not only providing physical relief to those in immediate need, but also equipping them to create sustainable solutions to combat poverty. operation blessing partners are devoted to being god's hands and feet in the world.                        




learn more

give now
planned giving
about operation blessing
contact us
privacy policy
terms of use and legal terms
careers
cookie settings
 







stay informed



be the first to know about new life-changing programs, urgent needs, and more! sign up to receive important updates right to your inbox.your name your email commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  
































                        977 centerville turnpike virginia beach, va 23463                    




                        800.730.2537                    






            copyright © 2025 by operation blessing
        



 






























