


  


























helping injured workers get better, faster.











































    skip to main content




                   contact us careers refer a case refer an ime find a provider 
    

search 




       solutions  solutions overview  manage employee injuries  alternative transitional duty  clinicalcare24  telephonic case management  catastrophic injury management  crisis response  field case management  medicare set-aside  utilization review  pharmacy intervention  vocational case management  ergonomics and physical demands  certified managed care plans  genex canada   navigate claims  independent medical exams  ime peer review  functional capacity exams  independent review organization  fitness for duty  fmla exams  impairment ratings   manage disability & absence  disability medical evaluations  short-term and long-term disability  absence management for payers  std and adaaa services for employers   social security disability  carrier & self insured  disabled individuals  medicare counseling services  social security team  social security lookup  social security training  ticket to work     insights  events  inside workers’ comp  genexperts  trends report   adjuster tools  genex locations  from the heart  ceu webinars   client tools  refer a case  refer an ime  find a provider  social security lookup  customer reporting   about genex  values & culture  leadership  news  locations   
  
 

 
           p&c industry leaders   helping injured employees get better, faster  genex helps injured employees return to their jobs in a safe and efficient manner through compassionate medical management while reducing total claim cost.       
   
           the trusted provider 
of managed care services   workers’ compensation and disability payers rely on genex to deliver superior results and transform their bottom lines.
  our solutions         
   
          creating a brighter future for those we serve   genex is the most experienced managed care provider in the industry, delivering clinical services and solutions that improve productivity, contain costs, and help injured employees get better faster.
     
       manage employee injuries  with national coverage and local expertise, our clinical services help you improve productivity, contain costs, and help injured employees get better faster.   
       navigate claims  as managed care specialists, workers’ compensation payers and risk managers rely on genex to achieve superior results through expertise, assured quality, and local knowledge.   
       manage disability & absence  specialized, customizable services delivered by in-house disability experts help you reduce claims costs, improve processing efficiency and ensure you remain compliant with regulatory requirements.   
       social security disability  nationwide representation services for claimants who are referred by insurance carriers, self-insured employers and individuals independently seeking representation services.   
   
           achieve superior claims outcomes   as managed care specialists, workers’ compensation payers and risk managers rely on genex to achieve superior results through expertise, assured quality, and local knowledge.
genex has been proven to:
improve return-to-work outcomes by more than 35%*
reduce the overall cost of medical care on lost-time cases by 41%
*as compared to wcri industry benchmarks
 
        
   
           industry trends & insights  get the latest insights and industry updates you need to know.  






                  enlyte
            
article
inside the digital shift of new york workers’ compensation

              november 13, 2024
          
5
 min read
explore the innovative digital transformation of new york's workers' compensation system with the ny workers' compensation board's 2024 conference highlights. discover how the onboard: limited release system modernizes processes, enhances efficiency, and improves outcomes for stakeholders through real-time data access and an adaptive electronic system.







                  enlyte
            
article
ai and ergonomics: merging technology with human expertise for optimal workplace solution

              october 30, 2024
          
5
 min read
read the following article to explore the powerful partnership between ai-driven insights and the expertise of ergonomists to create a healthier, safter, more adaptive workplace. 







                  enlyte
            
article
focusing on a physical work injury could mean missing a mental health challenge

              october 22, 2024
          
1
 min read
discover how comprehensive employee care, from effective claim management to mental health support, enhances recovery outcomes




   view insights         
   
           need to reduce your total cost of risk?   to help lower your total cost of risk and return injured workers to work as quickly as possible, we offer a free consultation with a workers’ comp expert. together, we will begin to build a workers’ comp program to meet your company’s unique needs.
  schedule a consultation         
   
           an enlyte company   enlyte is mitchell, genex and coventry, a family of businesses with one shared vision. we bring together the best of the p&c industry in a single, powerful organization connected by one overarching goal: transforming your performance now, so you can chart a course to a better future.
  learn more         
   
         mitchell  technology & expertise driving better claims outcomes  mitchell simplifies and accelerates claims management and collision repair processes through the broadest range of technology solutions, networks, and partners in the p&c industry.  learn more         coventry  getting people back to what they love  coventry works with employers, insurers and third-party administrators to offers network, clinical and specialty solutions for workers’ compensation, auto, and disability care-management.  learn more         
   




         careers  contact  minnesota rehabilitation services 
 


terms of use


privacy practices


california privacy rights


    twitter  twitter  twitter                                   ©2025 enlyte group, llc.           










