



	texas animal nutrition council (tanc)














skip to main content


















home




join/renew




officers




conferences




proceedings















home


join/renew


officers


conferences


proceedings






























about the texas animal nutrition council
the texas animal nutrition council, a nonprofit educational and professional association, was founded in 1992, as a forum to disseminate up-to-date information on animal nutrition and management to its members. membership consists of nutritionists, veterinarians, university faculty, and industry representatives primarily interested in livestock nutrition and management. members represent a substantial number of dairy operations and feed companies in texas. the council is not organized for the promotion of the business or private affairs of any of its members, individually or jointly. (tanc council bylaws)
the council meets regularly, primarily in central and north texas. each meeting has an invited speaker to address current topics of interest. the annual meeting, held in february, is normally in stephenville, texas, while the fall meeting is in the texas panhandle. a third meeting is held in conjunction with the mid-south ruminant nutrition conference. the board of directors consists of president, vice-president, secretary/treasurer, and two directors.
in the spring of 2000, the council drafted and approved the following resolution statement regarding phosphorus nutrition in dairy cattle:
"it is the position of the texas animal nutrition council that our members formulate rations for their clients' herds with the lowest level of p possible consistent with animal health and productivity. this is based on state and national research demonstrating that minimizing dietary p will reduce manure p excretion without being detrimental to animal health and production."
the letter demonstrates the council's support of the dairy industry in texas and its ongoing efforts toward environmental stewardship. (tanc resolution statement)







about tanc meetings 
the council in conjunction with support from industry and the texas a&m agrilife extension service, sponsors the mid-south ruminant nutrition conference held each spring near the dallas/fort worth airport. the first conference was held in april 1994, and is recognized by arpas and tvma for continuing education credits.







about tanc membership
membership is open to individuals trained or working as animal industry representatives in texas and surrounding areas. annual dues are $75.00, payable at the beginning of each calendar year. click here to pay dues.
pay dues
if you are interested in becoming a member, click here for the on-line application or please fill out the printable membership application form and return it with a check made payable to texas animal nutrition council to the address shown on the application.
join now








important dates



























texas animal nutrition council (tanc)



1800 s oak st ste 100
champaign, il
61820-6974


 217-356-3182

 



login
terms of use | 
				privacy















