


answering questions concerning enemas, colonic irrigation, colon health









enema information also colonic irrigation,
colon hydrotherapy 










how to use an enema, why use an enema, what do i use to give or receive.
        check out the enema information and  the faq's page.
        there are additives on the "enema recipes" page,
        plus advice about different enema equipment and
        products.                                             











enema easy as
    123    how too
enema faq's
    facts & information
enema
high enemas
    filling the whole colon
constipation


herbal enemas
enema recipes 
colon
colonic
colon hydrotherapy


general enema information
intestinal cleansing
    products
care&cleaning
    of equipment
the four quart enema
enema questions
    & answers forum



the enema has been used for centuries for a healthier
life.
 
 
testimonials



"thank you "health information
    fitness" and my friend fred "
    i had been constipated for almost a week! i had taken several laxatives did not work
    a friend of mine told me about this site and all i needed was a little water. i said
    "a little water?" yes all you need to do is take an enema. to make a long story
    short i finally did and was surprised to learn that it relieved my constipation in under a
    half hour. without waiting a day or so for a laxative to work  thanks again fred
    marsha1219@yahoo.com


"health information
    fitness" and discovering enemas 
    i have suffered from constipation for years. i've used every laxative on the market and
    was tired
    of waiting 24 hours or more for them to take effect.  i discovered this web site on
    the internet, that said
    a good old-fashioned enema could relieve my constipation in a few minutes.  i had
    heard of enemas
    but thought they were only something used in hospitals, was i surprised at how fast they
    relieved my constipation.
    thanks  again "health information
    fitness"
    rachelp@hotmail.com


thank you, thank you     for building this
    information site about enemas and colon health  ! ! 
    77mike@yahoo.com




enemas once were a common home remedy, recommended
and used by "dr mom"  (and should be again)
and medical professionals alike. 
in recent years, enemas seem not to be prescribed very much by medical professionals.
many remember lying across mother's lap getting filled with an enema
ancient egyptians wrote of using the enema. colon
cleaning has been used
in everything from relieving simple constipation including elaborate fantasies !




you can use your back button to return to the
previous page.

main page


for
qualaity enema and colonic supplies + much much more
visit enema supply.com

you will be
absolutely amazed at the supply of herbs and herbal products!!


 
if it's about
health...we're there!  yoga for the mind and body + an assortment of great products.




coffee enemas have amazing benefits for
detoxifying the liver.  try wilson's.


 


file inventory
page

warning: do not use enemas or laxatives if abdominal
pain, nausea, or vomiting are present unless directed by your health care provider.
  rectal bleeding or failure to have a bowel movement after use of a laxative or
enema may indicate a serious condition.
  discontinue use and consult your health care provider. 
  statements contained within these web pages are for informational purposes
only,
and have not been evaluated by the fda. 
  these products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any
disease.
  if pregnant or have an existing medical condition consult your healthcare
provider before using.

 



it was nothing to see a bag hanging behind the bathroom door, or
    behind the closet door in the 50's & 60's and even into the 70's. 
    it was common place, and even talked about in the neighbor hood, between moms.

    where has the bag gone? as mentioned princes diana used colonics, may west , many other
    actors, and today even some figure skaters before there performance take enemas. 
    this is no different than brushing teeth, swallowing pills, washing hair.

     yet\ where has the bag gone ?

    would you feel funny leaving it out behind the bathroom door if friends came over ? or
    leaving an enema can on the counter top, with the hose and nozzle over the tub ? 

    why do we feel shy about this ? 

    most of us realize, that the enema can be a great healing tool!
    and most of us know the enema does not hurt, in fact it can feel good and also helps in
    stress reduction. it's like an internal massage and shower which  helps release
    natural endorphins etc, it also relaxes the mind & body which we all need today. 

    the ones of us who use colonics and enemas know how great we feel afterwards, then why are
    we so shy about this very healthy procedure ?

    i say!!!!! " ban the stress / the poor health / and bring back "the bathroom
    hooks" " hang your enema bag proudly" & explain why you do this healing
    procedure to others.





