 paradise pools | custom pools & spas in austin, texas      
skip to content


facebook
 



instagram
 


 
(512) 515-7665


 
info@paradisepools.com




 aboutservicesgallery
aboutservicesgallery


contact us



 

 custom pool designer & builder in austin, texassince 1986, paradise pools & spas has been designing and building beautiful, custom pools for homeowners throughout the austin area.


get a free design

portfolioexplore our previous work


















integrityin everything we do, integrity is central. with our transparent pricing and honest work ethic, you can trust you are in reliable hands.
relationshipswe are proudly a referral-based business, with over 70% of business coming from referrals, we ensure your experience will create a lasting impression.
qualitywe’ve been in the pool building business for almost 40 years. our company stands the test of time – and so do our pools, with a lifetime structural warranty.custom pool & spa servicesconsultation & designeveryone has their own vision of paradise. our consultation is where we discover yours.there are no cookie cutter pools here. paradise pools & spas designs truly custom pools and outdoor living space that will provide year-round enjoyment for you and your family. from pergolas, to fire pits, to outdoor kitchens, the possibilities are endless. our advanced 3d design software brings your vision to life.we offer free consultations and custom design services.

 
site assessment and walkthrough

 
design development

 
3d rendering and approval

 
material selection

 
technical design and engineering

 
environmental considerations

 
permitting and regulations

 
project management


get a free consultation


custom pool constructionour team of talented custom pool builders are experts in every part of the process – we have been performing top-quality work for austin area homeowners just like you for almost 40 years. with the owner of paradise pools & spas personally supervising every step of the process, we ensure superior craftsmanship that stands the test of time.custom pool construction typically takes anywhere from 45 to 90 working days, and our teams do everything in their power to minimize disturbances to your day-to-day life. we are committed to treating your space like it’s our own.

 
excavation and site preparation

 
steel and gunite construction

 
plumbing and filtration systems

 
electrical and lighting installation

 
finishing and surface treatment

 
automation and control systems

 
safety and accessibility features

 
tile, coping, and water feature installation


explore all services


pool remodeling serviceswhether it’s just time for a refresh, or you’re looking for ways to get even more enjoyment out of your backyard, paradise pools & spas is happy to help with your remodeling project.our remodeling services aren’t limited to pool remodeling, retiling, or resurfacing, though – we’d be more than happy to help you by adding water features, outdoor kitchens, fire features, shade covers, and other enhancements.

 
pool surface refinishing

 
tile and coping replacement

 
equipment upgrades and retrofitting

 
structural repairs and reinforcement

 
deck resurfacing and expansion

 
water feature enhancements

 
lighting and automation integration

 
accessibility and safety upgrades


explore all services


ready to get the most out of your outdoor space?



 
get a free consultation

our financing plan optionsparadise pools & spas has partnered with two trusted companies to provide swimming pool financing.lyon financialfor over 40 years, lyon financial has established itself as the leading provider of swimming pool financing. we’ve partnered with lyon financial to provide hassle-free, personalized financing for your dream pool!lightstreamlightstream is the leading online consumer lender in the country, offering quick, hassle-free pool financing. experience low, fixed rates without fees or prepayment penalties, and get ready to transform your backyard.
lyon financial

 
loans up to $200,000

 
30-year terms

 
low, fixed rates

 
staged funding per pool contract


get started


lightstream

 
loans from $5,000 to $100,000

 
24 to 84-month loan terms

 
online loan process

 
no fees


get started


family owned and operated for almost 40 yearsparadise pools & spas has been passed down through three generations, and is still run by the same family to this day. originally founded in the 1960s as mcgee pools by the current owner’s grandfather, logan and britany now carry on the family legacy.from our family to yours, it is an honor to work alongside family each day, creating backyard sanctuaries where your own family will make many happy and lasting memories.our office is located in the heart of liberty hill, and we are proud to support and give back to our community. fragile x syndrome and disability advocacy is also near and dear to our hearts – you can learn more about fragile x here.


learn more

hear what other happy customers have to say about working with usrod b.logan and rusty exceeded expectations regarding the build quality, cleanliness of the job site, and the time it took to install our pool. we could not be happier. these are good people that stand by their work.★★★★★ 5/5brian w.they do quality work. our project has turned out absolutely beautiful. this is a family business that deserves the stellar reputation they already have. go with paradise pools and you will not be sorry.★★★★★ 5/5tiffany c.paradise pools & spas installed my pool and i can not be more happier with the finished product. i told carl what i was wanting and he nailed the design. great family-owned business to work with.★★★★★ 5/5revive your outdoor space with a custom pool


request consultation



 servicesgalleryaboutcontactservicesgalleryaboutcontact


facebook
 



instagram
 



yelp
 



houzz
 


©2025 paradise pools & spasprivacy policywebsite by blackhawk
aboutservicesgalleryaboutservicesgallery
follow along:


facebook-f
 



yelp
 



houzz
 
        



