




jasper chamber of commerce































jasper chamber of commercehome
about jasper

map
geography
population
climate
history
sister city pfaffenweiler


live here

city services
driver’s license
religion
education
housing
apartment listings
library
shopping
healthcare
child care
organizations/social services
time zone map
girls on the run
rojac/train depot bricks


work here
visit here

dubois county tourism
recreation
arts & leisure
spirit of jasper train excursions


membership

member directory
mission statement
benefits
application
dues schedule
board of directors


contact us





from the earliest settlers from kentucky and tennessee that migrated to jasper through the settlers coming from the black forest area in germany, jasper began to thrive. a rich history, strong values, and high ethics are the backbone of the economic and domestic success of jasper.
few communities are blessed with the assets that make jasper such a wonderful place to live, work, raise a family and retire. beautiful homes, friendly neighborhoods, an abundance of business opportunities, excellent schools, extensive parks, churches with various denominations, exemplary health care services, and ample shopping enable residents to enjoy a high standard of life in jasper.
visitors from near and far enjoy the many attractions, recreational opportunities, cultural art venues, museums, events & festivals that jasper has to offer. the many restaurants throughout jasper provide fine dining along with fast and convenient foods. various hotels provide a comfortable place to stay while visiting jasper.
jasper was voted as one of “america’s best communities”, “one of the 10 best places to live in indiana” and received the 2015 president’s award.
whether you are a lifelong, new or prospective resident of jasper, you will find this website a valuable resource for information about jasper, the jasper chamber of commerce, and its members.
we invite you to become a valuable asset to this great town of jasper and consider becoming a member by downloading the membership form. we would love for you to join us and welcome new ideas on how to maintain the high standards of this beautiful town of jasper.member directory
hometown hiring
contact information
location & mailing address
jasper chamber of commerce302 west 6th street
	p.o. box 307
	jasper, in 47547-0307
phone
812-482-6866

recent news
more news
city government
dubois county tourism
economic development
heart of jasper
copyright © 2025 · jasper chamber on genesis framework · wordpress · log in

