



	bucher hydraulics: innovative hydraulic drive and control technologies



















































general termsloginternglobal sales contacts











bucher hydraulics





companyculture and valueshistorybucher industriessafety and qualityenvironment and sustainabilitylocationscontactproductspumps and motorsvalvescylinderspower unitselectronicssystem solutionscustom solutionsareas of useelevator hydraulicsconstruction equipmentenergyergonomic workbenchesmunicipal equipmentagricultural machineryforestry machineryconveying and lifting equipmentindustrial hydraulicsgeneral machine functionsnewsnewsblogtechnical articleselectrification of mobile machinesexhibitionsjobs & careersjob portallocationsapprenticeshipsstudies and degreesrecruiting eventsjoin our teamencnitfrdesuche



































pumps and motorsvalvescylinderspower unitselectronicssystem solutionscustom solutions









bucher hydraulics
where conventional solutions stop, innovation begins. with this in mind, we at bucher hydraulics always strive to set new standards in technology, quality, manufacturing, delivery, and customer care.









what's new01.12.2024calendar 2025: the fusion of electric and hydraulic power
13.11.2024bucher hydraulics acquires hydman oy (finland)
17.10.2024new film: feel our heartbeat!
29.08.2024safe energy supply in electrified vehicles
15.08.2024cooperation with me mobil elektronik


exhibitions



february
17-20
2025


natm
nashville, usa




march
04-07
2025


work truck week
indianapolis, usa




march/april
31-04
2025


hannover messe
hanover, germany




april
07-13
2025


bauma
munich, germany






quick access


image flyer
pdf | 1.4 mb





product overview bucher hydraulics
pdf | 4.4 mb





product overview bucher hydraulics mobile drives
pdf | 6.6 mb


cartridges common cavitiesbucher hydraulics brazilbucher hydraulics wuxi








new image filmfeel our heartbeat!


new configurator for gpp powerpacksdesign your own powerpack


electrification of mobile machinesbetter control and efficiency than ever before








elevator hydraulicsenergy-efficient and future-proofed


mobile drives - power electronicsmobile electric drive technology for electromobility


dyna-lift®ergonomic and height-adjustable workbenches






step into the world of hydraulics



a big welcome to our world of hydraulics.
hydraulics is the study of the flow behavior of fluids when used for transmitting signals, forces, and power. for us, this means that we are always working with the pressure of the oil flow. not only from a physical perspective, but also in terms of new ideas and adapting to the wishes of our customers. we direct our ideas towards the needs of the market.
about us - welcome to bucher hydraulics!




 

job and career opportunities at bucher hydraulics 



at bucher hydraulics, we live a culture that promotes open communication, personal development, and intensive teamwork across the board. this expertise is only one part of our success, however. the above-average commitment, the high levels of dedication and the initiative of our people form an immense potential on which to draw.
locations and job opportunities












contactdisclaimergeneral termsprivacy policycompliancecookie settings
bucher hydraulics auf facebook
bucher hydraulics auf twitter
bucher hydraulics auf linkedin
bucher hydraulics auf youtube























