







njpca - new jersey primary care association - home









































































































 

 












skip to content









facebook
twitter
 

 
 





  

njpca
our community your health  our commitment

 




njpca
close

about us

mission and history
what is a community health center?
new jersey’s community health centers
njpca board of directors
sponsorship & exhibitor opportunities
job openings/career resources
contact us
directions


programs/initiatives

public health awareness campaigns
grants (members only)
ending the hiv epidemic
diabetes prevention tools for patients
diabetes prevention tools for providers
quality improvement
patient centered medical home
workforce initiatives
my health finder resource tool
data resources
meaningful use
oral health
adolescent health
rural health
intimate partner violence
early childhood development
cancer awareness and resources in new jersey


health center operations

board governance
emergency management
outreach and enrollment
program requirements


policy

state policy and issues
federal policy and issues
2025 njpca fqhc bifold snapshot


news/events

events calendar
center team news update archive
njpca community health e-magazine archive






show search form




search for:



 



primary menu for mobile 
primary menu for desktop 
 
 










search for:









 
 
 
 









 



 











 

learn more 

your health, our commitment 

at the new jersey primary care association, we are committed to keeping your family healthy.  the new jersey primary care association represents 23 federally qualified health centers and their 138 sites throughout new jersey.  fqhcs are also known as community health centers. 







 

learn more 

currently in theaters: what is a chc? 

watch njpca's video that describes how community health centers help keep you healthy. 







 

learn more 

your body called and left a message: answer the call for diabetes awareness 

the new jersey primary care association has teamed up with the new jersey department of health to get diabetes information to people who need it most. whether you are a doctor, nurse or patient, this page provides you with the toolbox of information and places to contact to keep you healthy. 



 







						"njpca is committed to its mission of planning, promoting and facilitating equal access to quality health care for individuals and their families."						


								learn more >> 

about us the new jersey primary care association (“njpca”) supports the community health centers and the satellite community-based ambulatory healthcare facilities throughout the state of new jersey. community health centers are also known as fqhcs or federally qualified health centers. fqhcs are authorized under section 330(a) of the public health services act to provide healthcare to populations in their service areas. click here to learn more about fqhcs/community health centers.

our mission the njpca’s primary goal is to provide for the expansion and provision of quality, cost-effective and efficient primary healthcare through community health centers while seeking new and expanded revenue sources for these services.

access to quality healthcare there are 23 fqhcs that operate 138 sites in neighborhoods throughout the state, including school-based and mobile sites in each of the 21 counties of new jersey. community health centers provide healthcare services to over half a million new jerseyeans annually.
fqhcs provide access to affordable medications
community health centers provide access to affordable medications such as insulin through the 340b drug pricing program. for more information, watch a video that describes the types of pharmacy services that health centers provide.

upcoming eventsno events



			click here to become a sponsor/exhibitor		


 







		njpca is proudly powered by wordpress 






































