




epodiatry
































skip to content


epodiatry

			just another wordpress site		







the use of urea creams for the foot

urea is an natural and organic substance that is probably most familiar because of its purpose within a fertilizer utilized in farming. urea takes on an important part in your bodies metabolic process and is a vital method by which the body excretes excessive nitrogen. urea is manufactured in your liver from an ammonia compound… continue reading the use of urea creams for the foot


published february 15, 2023categorized as dermatology tagged cracked heels, skin conditions 



mueller-weiss syndrome of the tarsal navicular

the mueller weiss disorder is a infrequent source of pain in the midfoot in adults that has been also referred to as brailsford disease. it is a sudden onset osteonecrosis of the tarsal navicular within the foot. there’s a a lot more well-known condition of the navicular in young childen known as köhler disease, which… continue reading mueller-weiss syndrome of the tarsal navicular


published april 26, 2021categorized as orthopedics tagged navicular 



can a marathon be run barefoot?

a better question might be, should you run a marathon barefoot? firstly, yes you can run a marathon barefoot. abebe bikala did that on 10 september 1960 at the rome olympics, winning the gold medal without shoe. abebe was a last minute addition to the ethiopian team for the marathon and the team did not… continue reading can a marathon be run barefoot?


published march 16, 2021categorized as uncategorized  



what causes an abductory twist

what is it?the abductory twist is considered as the rapid medial movement of the heel just has it starts to come off the ground. what does it look like during a gait analysis?see this video: what causes it?there are two reasons or explanations as to what might be causing an abductory twist during gait:1. as… continue reading what causes an abductory twist


published march 15, 2021categorized as biomechanics  



we are rebuilding this site

here is the legacy epodiatry website


published march 11, 2021categorized as uncategorized  






search…





recent posts


the use of urea creams for the foot


mueller-weiss syndrome of the tarsal navicular


can a marathon be run barefoot?


what causes an abductory twist


we are rebuilding this site


recent commentsarchives

february 2023
april 2021
march 2021

categories

biomechanics

dermatology

orthopedics

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 



																						epodiatry																		

				proudly powered by wordpress.			



 















