 



pride and joy families | binghamton university




























skip to main content




binghamton university: the state university of new york

pride and joy families 

searchmenu 









search








pride and joy familiespride and joy familieswho we arewhat we doresources



pride and joy families






find a provider


lgbtq welcoming providers and services.
click here







contact us

we are here for you. reach out to us and we will reach back to you.
                        contact us






who we are
pride and joy families (lgbtq+ family building project) works to support lgbtqiap+
                     people and families to live happy, healthy, and flourishing lives. we develop resources
                     and support for lgbtq+ parents, both prospective and current, lgbtq+ youth, and lgbtq+
                     people looking to build community in a chosen family. 
one of our primary goals is to build community and solidarity among lgbtq+ individuals
                     and families in central new york. we do this through hosting community support groups
                     and social events for queer people of all ages! check out the links on our website
                     or email our project lead at egold@binghamton.edu to learn more about upcoming events or be added to our mailing list!
did you know we offer free cultural responsiveness trainings to healthcare, human
                     services providers, schools, and administrative offices? we offer trainings on topics
                     ranging from lgbtq 101, what is privilege and power?, lgbtq families and family formation,
                     form changes to create affirming spaces for lgbtq people, welcoming environments and
                     how to create them in the workplace. interested in a specialty training? reach out
                     to us and we can put something together!
check out the links on our website and contact us for more information about trainings,
                     workshops,and events!


past events
community event: fall family forums
sunday december 3, 2023 @ 1:00pm
university downtown center 220

through fall family forums, community members will have the opportunity to learn from
                     and ask questions of local scholars engaged in transformative work with the lgbtq+
                     community while sharing their experiences to better understand how this collective
                     knowledge can impact thier daily lives. food, refreshments, and select prizes will
                     be proivded as well as time to socilaize with other community members.
training: gender affirming model & adult gender assessment
monday, may 13, 12:00 – 3:00 pm
location: binghamton university downtown centerdescription:the gender wellness center, pride and joy families, and binghamton university
                     dept. of social work invite mental health clinicians to attend their next co-sponsored
                     training, monday, may 13th in binghamton, ny. please share this invitation with interested
                     colleagues.
goals for the session: 1-understand the history and theoretical basis of the gender
                     affirming model of care. 2-gain an understanding of a multi-faceted approach to working
                     with clients to explore and clarify their individual gender identity, and assess readiness
                     for medical/ surgical transition options. 3-learn from peers and build community,
                     by participant sharing of clinical examples and questions.
presenters: justine woolner-wise, lmsw; patti noon, lmsw; susan turell, phd
​​binghamton rainbow kids support group
saturday, april 6, 1-3:00 pmlocation: identity youth center, 206 state street, binghamtondescription: binghamton rainbow kids is a new support group for families with lgbtq+
                     children ages 12 and younger. the group will offer kids the chance to socialize with
                     one another in the care of youth facilitators while their parents/caregivers meet
                     and engage in their own supportive conversation. karen fuller, credentialed family
                     peer advocate with more than 10 years of experience working with families of trans
                     youth, oversees the group and will facilitate the parents' discussion. binghamton
                     rainbow kids is offered free of charge and is open to all families with a young lgbtq
                     child. sponsors of the new group are identity youth center (binghamton), pride and
                     joy families (binghamton), and the q center (syracuse). information and to rsvp for
                     future gatherings, please contact karen fuller at (800) 475-2430 or kfuller@acrhealth.org.
                     the group launched in  january 2019 and meets at identity youth center, 206 state
                     street, binghamton. 
​
affirm mental health provider trainingdate: thursday, april 4-friday, april 5, 2019location: doubletree hotel, binghamton, ny 13902description: affirmative cognitive behavioral therapy w/lgbtq+ populations
please join pride and joy families and the binghamton university dept. of social work
                     for a unique training for mental health providers. 13.5 social work contact hours
                     were offered.
affirm: affirmative cognitive behavioral therapy with lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender,
                     and questioning (lgbtq+) populations is an advanced, two-day training on the science
                     and practice of applying affirmative cognitive behavioral therapy with lgbtq+ populations.
trainers: ashley austin, lcsw, phd & shelley craig, lcsw, phdnew registration fees just announced:$50: basic (no continuing education units)$150: basic w/social work ceus$100: binghamton university sw field instructors w/social work ceus
participants will receive information about the context for affirmative and strengths-based
                     models of practice, will learn about broad applications of cbt in general and affirm
                     in particular, and will also have an opportunity to practice affirm. following this
                     training, participants will have the option of receiving coaching from drs. austin
                     and/or craig as clinicians seek to apply what they have learned in the workshop.
 
 



 

 


 pride and joy familieswho we arewhat we doresources






 share on facebook share on twitter share on pinterest share on linkedin share by email 







© 2025 binghamton university state university of new york




accessibility
emergencies
privacy




contactvisitshare




return to top







last updated: 1/19/24