







- studio davina






































































skip to the content






 
search



studio davinaauthor • costumer • dancer • historian




 
menu






home
blog
classes & workshops
shop
newsletter
about






 search












			search for:		






					close search				
 









close menu
 


home
blog
classes & workshops
shop
newsletter
about














					categories				












studio davina ~ dawn devine
welcome to the official home of author and costume designer dawn devine aka davina.  this site is dedicated to the art, history, and techniques for crafting the look of the belly dancer.
• read the latest blog post
• study with me on patreon
• find out more about my books
• learn more about me
• subscribe to my newsletter studio davina
studio davina blog
in 2024, the blog features articles related to my current research, writing, and design projects. this year i’m celebrating the 30th anniversary of my first book “costuming from the hip.” as i work on the rewrite and expansion of this book, watch for more posts on the writing life. read the latest blog here.classes with davina on patreon
ready to take a deeper dive than a blog post? 
each month i share four presentations including talks, demos, and classes. the classes, demos, talks, and workshops are pre-recorded and available on patreon. you can watch them at your convenience. to join me for my classes, choose your level of participation for the month and become a patreon.  
once you join us on patreon, you will gain access to content organized in four price-tiered collections. you can subscribe for one month or a whole year and take time to explore the back catalog of information at these levels: 

“coffee chat” – free: join me at patreon for a free level for access to an informal “coffee chat” and notifications of additional bonus content to enjoy. see another talk you like? it’s easy to sign up or subscribe for more.
“show & tell” – $3: subscribers enjoy monthly informal conversations where i share product reviews, book flips, project updates, studio reports, and more. this tier is affordable, informative, and fun!
“sewing demos” – $7:  join me for demos from across the many phases of the design and sewing process from conception to completion.  subscribers also have access to the “show & tell” talks.
history lecture series – $15: – the lecture series tier features a monthly slide-talk focussing on the history of belly dance, current research and methodology. this tier is the best value and includes access to the “show & tell” and “sewing demo” tiers.


have questions about patreon?
message me via the patreon site for more details.

belly dance books & publications
by dawn devine ~ davina
you can find my books available globally via amazon.com.
for customers in the us, you can also find my books and more publications in digital download format on etsy.com.
current book titles in print:

cloth of egypt – amazon – etsy
zills: music on your fingertips – amazon – etsy
becoming a belly dancer – amazon – etsy
embellished bras – amazon – etsy
skirting the issues & pants for the dance – amazon – etsy
costuming from the hip – amazon – etsy
bedlah, baubles, and beads – amazon – etsy
from turban to toe ring – amazon – etsy
color theory – amazon – etsy 


products available on etsy: 
etsy is the home to my storefront where i sell digital products, print publications, and host quarterly drops of hand-crafted belly dance accessories.
glove pattern:  making custom gloves and gauntlets to go with your dance ensemble?  i have a printable
“gloves and gauntlets” pattern is available on my etsy store.
sewing business log:  keep your own creative business humming with this organization and data management system.  available as a digital download.
“studio davina: belly dance mini-magazine”
bi-monthly newsletter and curated content from across the web
“costumer’s notes,” my long-time newsletter has gotten a bit of a glow-up for 2021. over time, i’ve grown to think of this publication as less like a newsletter and more as a mini-magazine. 
click here to read a past issue:  “studio davina: belly dance mini-magazine” 
each issue in this bi-monthly newsletter includes links to blog posts, articles, historical information, intriguing performances, and informational videos.  







subscribe to the studio davina mailing list today and download a printable coloring book, “belly dance costumes to color.”








 




share this:click to share on pinterest (opens in new window)click to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to share on twitter (opens in new window)click to share on tumblr (opens in new window)click to email a link to a friend (opens in new window)click to print (opens in new window)











                      follow us!i'm active on a lot of social media platforms.  look me up on your favorite and lets connect!
email: davina@davina.us mail: dawn devine ~ davina 1225 vienna drivesunnyvale, ca 94088 usa 
follow me on pinterest      visit dawn devine's profile on pinterest. 
 







©
							2025							studio davina



								powered by wordpress							




							to the top ↑ 

							up ↑ 





 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website















































