




  






home - northville chamber of commerce, mi






















 

















































 toggle navigation   






about

about us
board of directors
ncc staff
contact us
volunteering


business directory
gift certificates

membership

member login
networking events
membership benefits
member application
member to member deals
job postings
meet our newest members



events

chamber calendar
annual meeting
citizen of the year
farmers' market
flower sale
4th of july parade
friday night concerts
holiday greens market
holiday lighted parade
memorial day parade
military banner program
networking events
northville community awards dinner
state of community luncheon
streets of treats
victorian festival



community

community calendar
community links
information requests
hot deals
dining



























welcome to the northville chamber of commerce












join the northville chamber today!






















search









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events








































































































welcome to your chamber
in its 61st year of serving the northville community, the northville chamber of commerce gives voice to local businesses and skillfully fosters robust retail, manufacturing and service sectors through progressive programs, events and resources.  the chamber partners with the city of northville, charter township of northville, local schools and groups to the benefit of its 300+ members and the broader community. by adapting a wide range of resources, it meets the needs of a diverse and expanding membership.
members and visitors drop in daily to the chamber office. people from all walks of life take advantage of the chamber's ability to link them to key business and community resources. whether it's delivering timely information or providing start-up guidance, making productive personal connections is a primary chamber mission.
the chamber continues to explore and implement new programs, while also maintaining the traditional tools and programs that work in concert to support and promote its local business community. the chamber's attention to relationships drives community progress and its long-term ability to create a destination community.






find a chamber member business
 











upcoming events














new members

































































support northville chamber members!



































what's happening?
download the monthly northville community calendar
calendar download
 





























northville community awards dinner
february 6th, 2025
5 pm - 9 pm
genitti's hole-in-the-wall
more information






























membership directory 
view the digital edition of the northville chamber 2025 membership directory 






























military banner program
recognizing and honoring those brave individuals who are serving or have served in the united states armed forces.
more information




































































































support your local northville business community



































































































































































 


northville farmers' market



































 


northville chamber of commerce

























































northville chamber of commerce

 195 s. main st., northville, mi 48167

 248. 349.7640

 douglaswallace@northville.org

























































© copyright 2025 northville chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.



















 


