


gillis triplett - pastor & teacher and best selling author...























first time visitors
click here!




search gtm














gillistriplett.com

 google 












        fill in your e-mail address to receive our power-packed, newsletter, (m.o.v.e.) the messenger of victory ezine! join the multitudes who are taking their lives to the next level. it’s free! 


 












                subscribe

                unsubscribe 





 


 
 

feature articles


true love will find you!
                    by gillis triplett

                    in a society filled with dishonorable males, girls gone wild, angry bitter females and misogynistic men, the lord gave me a prophetic word especially for you. it may look like it will never happen for you, but the lord told me to tell you, “don’t be discouraged, true love will find you!” read more »
 



are you ready for love?
by gillis triplett

 
everyday men and women enter into relationships and marriages hoping for the best. only to be astonished when they realize that the person responsible for ruining their marriage or sabotaging their relationship was the man or woman in the mirror. they were unprepared for love… but they had no idea. are you ready for love? find out by... read more »



you were born to win!
                    by gillis triplett


                    when god formed you, he placed in you all of the necessary giftings, callings and talents you would ever need to fulfill his glorious plan for your life. he did not create you to sputter in life, stall, fall short or to abort your mission. read more »

 
is your belly your god?
                    by gillis triplett

                    glazed donuts, pork barbecue ribs, fruit filled pastries, potato chips, lobster, shrimp, ice cream, french fries, coca cola, sausage biscuits, sounds good, huh? the thought of enjoying your favorite foods can tantalize your taste buds just reading about them. but what if... read more »
 


feature products







increase your faith

real people, real issues and real answers!
overcoming challenges 
by dr. myles monroe
 in todays volatile economy and ever shifting society, you will face challenges. knowing how to overcome those challenges and obstacles places you in the same league with men such as: john h. johnson founder of johnson publishing, the tuskegee airman and john bryant founder of operation hope. these men overcame insurmountable challenges to achieve the impossible. dr. myles monroe shows you how to add your name read more >>




 


some of life's most 
                  perplexing questions…  






 is attraction a choice?  
 
are they really your friend? 
 
 do you know the 4 stages of a healthy relationship?
 
 do you know your relationship paradigm?
 







man 2 man 





 what every good black man must know about surviving the gender war
have you kissed the girls... and made them cry?
the true measure of a man
will you become an accidental dad?









heart 2 heart spiritual 
                  issues that matter… 





when the enemy strikes
persistence: the barrier breaker
roll away the stone!
 








ask the marriage counselor

 
                      dr. david stephens
                      
                  why does my wife find it difficult to submit?
i’m about to give up on my marriage, what should i do?





 gtm conferences, events and seminars 




the naked truth seminars

mastering manhood seminars
spiritual midwives conferences
embassy christian center












 







© copyright gillis triplett ministries. 
                      2004-2005 all rights reserved.
                      questions about your privacy? read 
                      our privacy statement 
                      and legal notice.
                      concerns about ordering online? read 
                      our online ordering 
                      security pledge.
                      questions about this website or site 
                      problems? notify tywebbin 
                    creations.






























