


































the world is looking at me






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































ash_bash
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














ash_bash







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









 

 


11:55pm 14/09/2005


 



mood:  sad

i heard a song today that i absolutely love, it's called if you were mine.  i must be a horroble person. i can't seem 2 find the rite guy for anything in this world and it pisses me off. i look around and there are all these people who are happy in there relationships and i just can't help but feel i wish i had that. there is one person at this point that i really do like, but i don't agree with the things that he does sometimes. drinking isn't my favorite thing in a boyfriend, and if it were every once and a while it would be okay, but it's every damn nite and that isn't healthy nor is it something i want in my life. considering the past that me and this person have  we would be perfect, but of course as always in the life of ashley i always get fucked over. im getting used to it, but tired of it!!! but at any rate im gunna go, i have done enough ranting for now.
one love!
 


 
 
 (2people who give a damn | if you care at all comment) 


 



confused but have things figured out!!! 

 


12:04am 25/07/2005


 

im not real sure how things are going anymore i used 2 think i had things figured out but really i was just confused.  have you ever told someone something just 2 keep them around and you knew that by telling them that, would deffinatly keep them from going anywhere? well i have found myself doing that, now im not sure what 2 do anymore!? i like this person but i know what they want, and i sort of want the same thing but at the same time im sure it would mess a lot of things up!  i was going back through all my stuff from my senior year and just thinking about that kinda made me sad. i miss school in a way because it kept me grounded, now that im out of high school im not really sure what my bounderies and limits are!  work has been a blast but i think i need 2 do something else for a change! but who knows.... things are just weird now!!
 


 
 
 (2people who give a damn | if you care at all comment) 


 



 

 


02:24am 19/07/2005


 

hey everyone how yall doin in the livejournal world?   these past few weeks have been very interesting i would have to say...  well it's almost 3 a.m and i decided to post about recent events... tonight i was at the malco till about 2 wrking on the promo,  it was lots of fun!!  the second season of laguna beach comes on the 25th im so excited!!  my car is so totally janked, my headlights dnt work anymore and about 2 weeks ago my gas cap came up missing...   im also getting stalked by this girl... she follows me everywhere and she is always tryin to start shit, it's kinda like being in high school again,  guess it's just to bad that was dunzo back in may... some people need to grow up! i miss the hell out of jimmie's  managing!  i love sareece, she is a kick ass manager, but there r some/one person who needs to work on there attitude and stop acting like they are bad asses cause they aren't... it's pissing everyone off!! well guys im gna go... but i shall post again later...    im out!!
 
<3 ashley!!
 


 
 
 (1people who give a damn | if you care at all comment) 


 



 

 


12:54am 26/06/2005


 



mood:  cheerful

i don't really kno what to say about jake. he was an awsome person, a very sweet and out going guy! it makes me sad to kno that someone so young and talented can be taken at such an early age...  sam is gone to michigam for 17 days, im lost without her around... i misss her!!  dalton is at the lake with jeff and tyler until sunday. i wish i could go to the lake, just to get away from jtown for a while and work.... i love my job and all but im there way to much.. my next check has 67.40 hrs. on it how crazy is that!!!   being it of school is gunna be different... all i do anymore is ride around town... tonight i got off at 11:15 and i drove around for a lil bit then stopped at the mall parking lot and talked to chad and victor. but it's jonesboro and there isn't really much to do! i kno that he is only a couple of miles down the road but i really miss jimmie. no one yells at me like jimmie does, in fact no one yells at me at all... i guess im just gunna have to go to the hollywood more!!!  well im gettin tired and i have to work tomorow... but i shall post again later.
<3 always ashley <3
 


 
 
 (if you care at all comment) 


 



 

 


12:17am 22/06/2005


 

  
  you never realize how short life can really be. a lot of things have been going on or have gone on here lately. dalton and i have actually been hanging out, i have missed hanging with him so much... dalton always could bring laughter and joy into my day.  well thats all for now folks...
 


 
 
 (if you care at all comment) 


 



random shit 

 


12:09am 11/06/2005


 

so tonight at work it was so boring. there wasn't even enough ppl there to keep the damn theatre open.i looked at the schedule wrong and went in at 3:30 and i wasn;t supposed to be there till 6:00. yea it sucked. im not sure who all knows or not, but on memorial day my brother was in a motorcycle wreck... he is doing better now, but it was some crazy shit. dalton and i don't really hang out anymore, i guess that is what happends when you get out of high school, all the people you thought you were your friends really weren't. it's crazy!! jimmie leaves for the hollywood next friday, finally shit will be right over there, bobby has it so fucked up, they get away with way too much shit at that place... jimmie will do some major changes to that place. there is supposed to be this kick ass show thursday and i have listen to the band before and i really wanna go, but i don't know who to go with... none of my friends that i hang out with really go to hardcore shows... the band is bane   and im pretty sure there will be some others there but im not sure who they are.... if i don't go im going to have jimmie get me some merch....    alright guys, i guess im going to get off here    im kinda tired.
 


 
 
 (3people who give a damn | if you care at all comment) 


 



 

 


08:33pm 07/06/2005


 

it has been a long time since i have updated my journal.   why is it that all the good people have to leave. jimmie is leaving our theatre to go be a gm at the hollywood... yea he will fix things but im gunna miss him at my theatre. he is a great manager. i don't think people tell him that enough. anyway.... i missed the comeback kid show may 28th, i was seriously pissed. dalton bailed on me as usual.  i have a new email address it's kidslikeus_05@hotmail.com so anyone who wants to just add me. my other one expired i guess, i don't have anyone's address anymore. well i love you guys. im out
 


 
 
 (if you care at all comment) 


 



 

 


11:23am 04/10/2004


 

what do you do when your best friends boyfriend is a complete jerk? im tired if being treated like crap by jenny's boyfriend, and i don't want to tell her she needs to break up with him, (although it would be in her best interest), because i don't want to feel like a bad friend. i have had this problem before it's just jason never talked smack about kelly and her friends, let alone me! so im confused? i don't know what to do or say to jenny about this.
 


 
 
 (if you care at all comment) 


 



 

 


05:17pm 02/06/2004


 





i love jenny and i just want her to be happy,  her happiness means the world to me and she worries me sometimes and she worries ryan to i don't know what to do anymore. sorry i was just ranting, well as alot of you know i quit my job at the malco like 2 weeks ago and i realized that was a mistake and today susan my manager was nice enough to give it back to me so i couldn't be happier or atleast i think so. i have alot of stuff in my life right now, i don't know who i am or what i am anymore. well i love you all you guys.
ashley



 


 
 
 (1people who give a damn | if you care at all comment) 


 



 

 


11:16am 23/04/2004


 

the rooney concert at asu was so awsome!!! i really wish that alex could have gone though, but im sure he is having a blast in orlando. i put in a aplication at mcdonalds yesterday.... but i would only work during the week, and on the weekends be at the malco.... i just really need the extra money, so i thought get two jobs, even though i swore to myself i would never work at a fast food place, but hey things change.
my brother gets out of jail today, that makes me really happy.... i wish he could have been here for my junior prom.... i can't even tell you how many times i stated that, the day of prom.... well im sorry to cut this short but im gonna go.
 


 
 
 (if you care at all comment) 


 



 

 


11:46am 07/04/2004


 

who will you be stuck with at end of time? by chi_a_baidhyour name isyour sex ismalefemaleundecidedyour favorite color isredorangeyellowgreenbluepurpleblackwhiteotheryou are stuck there becausethe penguins saved youfor _____ years24withhe/she will think you arestrongyou willkill him/hercreated with quill18's memegen 3.0!
 


 
 
 (3people who give a damn | if you care at all comment) 


 



just bored 

 


11:23am 05/04/2004


 

prom is going to be so much fun. and fyi, i will have more fun with dalton, yes he may be gay, but he is 10 times cooler than anyone else i was gonna go with.
kelly and i are drifting apart, but oh well.... all her time goes to other people and so does mine.
im never going to be a producer or director, because no one listens to me, even when im being uber nice.
i miss shelly, things are so weird without her being here anymore. 
panda this friday i don't have to work and we are out of school, so we need to hang out. i love you!!!! 
well i love you all but im going go before i get in trouble for being on here.
<3ashley
 


 
 
 (3people who give a damn | if you care at all comment) 


 



 

 


10:55am 02/04/2004


 

i love panda!!!! and i miss her alot!!!!
 


 
 
 (2people who give a damn | if you care at all comment) 


 



 

 


11:23am 24/03/2004


 

  
  hello everyone!! how did everyones spring break go? mine went okay, even though i got a ticket for rolling through a stop sign!!! $70.00 for that stupid thing... i miss kelly, but im sure she misses jason more that anything, like he is more important or something, thats all she ever talks about, everyhthing has to be about him or the world is over. and if im jelous, it's because all her time goes to him, and yea we get to spend time together but it's always "can we go to the mall" it gets old, im not jelous that she has jason, im mad that she wants to be with him 24/7 but whatev, i'll get over it, or find other people to hang out with. im moving to missouri when i graduate, i have a roomate named sammantha, it's my brothers good friend who always comes here to visit our family, and she wants me to move in with her, and im gonna do it, cause i don't want to wait till the last minute to find a place to live and a roomate, i wanted kelly to be,  but hell who knows with her anymore. well im tired of ranting, im going to go. later love ashley
 


 
 
 (4people who give a damn | if you care at all comment) 


 



sound like chelle and i are alot alike.... 

 


11:13am 24/03/2004


 

you are burning what self-mutilation are you? brought to you by quizilla
 


 
 
 (if you care at all comment) 


 



happy but sad!!! (whatever) 

 


11:16am 09/03/2004


 



mood:  blah

  hey everybody hows it going? well im just sitting in e.s.a.t lab doing absolutely nothing. im so ready for spring break.  i feel like i haven't seen my friends in forever, i miss caleb,panda,skyler,ashleigh,anna,rachel,cristina,and blue, if i forgot any one im sorry, but i haven't seen any of those people in like a month!! i miss them. i don't see kella much anymore either, i miss spending time with her. maybe doring spring break we can hang out, i wanna stay with you this weekend sometime, if your not dead, casue you know your mom is going to go crazy physco on you when she see's that big freakin hole in your wall. but i love you... and if worse gets to worse, i'll go down with you okay!! i love dalton working with me it's so much fun, he is so crazy... i think he fits in perfectly, everyone seems to like him pretty well... it makes me sad, the malco has a whole new crew, nothing against the new people, but i want the old crew back. alot of people were making a big deal about jenny and i hanging out, yea alot of bad stuff happened when we used to be best friends, but thats over now, jenny is my girl, she rocks. and no matter what anyone thinks im gonna hang out with her so anyone with a prob with it, get over it. im so tired of being here, (and i don't mean living).... im tired of liking people and it not matter to them if i do or not... im tired of never getting to spend time with kelly, or any of my friends for that matter, i feel like i have been shunning her off lately, im surprised she doesn't hate me, if i were her, i'd hate me. i maye be complaining but thats my problem..... i love work if that makes anyone happy, i love being at the malco, i guess thats because i love everyone there, im sure thats a good thing, cause if you hated the people you work with, then that wouldn't be a good combination now would it. yea, well im gonna go now. <3ash
 


 
 
 (8people who give a damn | if you care at all comment) 


 



 

 


10:45am 03/03/2004


 

name: snufflelufogusage: 2 favorite food: christiansfavorite hobby: eating little kids braindsadopt your very own monster today!
 


 
 
 (if you care at all comment) 


 



 

 


10:27am 03/03/2004


 



mood:  tired

  hello all, i haven't had time to post until just now, i have been busy with work and all, since christ has rissen and came to the malco i haven't had much time to do anything. i just want to let kelly know that if she has been feeling neglected im sorry, i still love you and i haven't had much time to do anything lately, maybe when this movie calms down we can hang out. susan is going to be hiring like 5 new people because so many are quiting :( im going to miss everyone who leaves so very much!!! dalton and mandy applied, they both got inteviews, it may be weird working with both of them if they get the job, i love dalton and he will be a good worker so it's not him im worried about, but mandy has never had a job before and she likes hang out and do things on the weekends, at the theatre, that won't be happenin, cause the time we need people is on the weekends. im not trying to start anything or nuttin like that im just sayin.... well if i have forgotten anyhting im extremely sorry, i have taken two excedrin pm and im sort of tired... well im gonna go.. <3 ash
 


 
 
 (2people who give a damn | if you care at all comment) 


 



 

 


10:59pm 25/02/2004


 

  
  as most of you know the passions of the christ came out today, it wasn't to bad to work through, we weren't very busy at all.. i thought we would be swamped like whoa!!!! but we weren't.. well i was all in a good mood until one of my employee's desides to be a douche bag. but other than that things went really well!!! i want to watch that movie, it will be good.. i have been at the malco for about 11 months now and i have never seen ppl come out of a movie and be completely quiet, well they did with this movie, ppl came out crying and completely silent, it shocked me!!! im afraid to watch the movie because it's so graphic and shows ever detail it's going to be scary, because that really happened to jesus. people went into this movie one way and came out a complete different way, and i watched some of it and let me tell ya it's brutal, and they show exactly what happend... well im going to go...<3 ash
 


 
 
 (3people who give a damn | if you care at all comment) 


 



that be right... there has been alot of drama 

 


11:31am 24/02/2004


 

  
  you're giddy with the ddr lovin' when you play, just be careful not to drown in all the social drama surrounding the game.
 


 
 
 (if you care at all comment) 


 






 


ash_bash



friends
info
calendar

 


 





skip
 


 
backward


 



































