






 dryclean depot - dry cleaners near me | picked up & delivered









































place order
















home (current)


locations (current)


career (current)


our customers (current)


corporate and consumer information (current)


customer care (current)












any garment


            drycleaned, pressed,

            & delivered!!

          















our services













dryclean












laundry












alterations












comforters & blankets











ceo message


the ceo wants you to know that at dryclean depot, we clean your clothes, not your wallet. we're committed to fast and friendly service.


read more








our valued customers comments






i have been a loyal customer of dryclean depot since they opened in royal oak and continue to be satisfied with the high level of service and quality at a great value. i have also taken a...



               

            
michael therrian
director - international development  little caesar enterprises, inc.




“this letter is to compliment you about the level of service we continue to receive from your firm. we find that we live a very rushed and busy lifestyle. when we receive products a...



               

            
the fuqua family
farmington hills




“i've been coming to this store for nearly three years and find i've never had a problem and the help is fantastic. the store manager, even greets me at the door by name!&rd...



               

            
marim wallace
farmington hills




“i think the dryclean depot is one of the best things that ever happened in the dry cleaning business. the prices are great, the service is excellent, and the smiles you get are a h...



               

            
wardell arrington
farmington hills




“the team at the dryclean depot is great and i have been using them for the past several years. when i have had a problem the staff handled the problem to a satisfying conclusion. t...



               

            
ray randolph
centerline




“remember when dry cleaners used to be mom and pop operations where you knew the owners names and always felt it was safe to leave even your very best clothes to be cared for and cl...



               

            
linda & john charters
bloomfield hills




“i have been a customer at the bloomfield location since it opened! i have had an incredible run and come almost every day! dryclean depot makes it affordable to have things dryclea...



               

            
joanne ciuni
bloomfield hills




“i have been a regular customer at dcd since 2004. the staff has consistently provided superior, and quite personal, service. the workmanship has always met and exceeded my expectat...



               

            
nathan flunder
bloomfield hills









tell us how we are doing for a chance to win free grament cleanings!
we want to hear from our customers about their experience at dryclean depot – good or bad. this helps us analyze our business and improves our drycleaning service and customer experience. please take a few quick minutes and leave us a review for the location you visited and you will be entered in a monthly drawing to receive free garment cleanings.

submit a review




×



choose the location you wish to review

click “leave review” for a location below.
sign into your google account
let us know your feedback




center line, mi

                            
leave review




farmington hills, mi

                            
leave review




royal oak, mi

                            
leave review
























×

dryclean depot live webcams
see for yourself in real-time our faster and friendly service

bloomfield hills
center line
farminton hills
royal oak



























contact information
main office

email : customercare@drycleandepot.com



corporate info

about dryclean depot
contact us
dryclean depot in the news



follow us @

follow us on facebook
follow us on twitter
follow us on linkedin
follow us on instagram



consumer information

the dryclean depot advantage
our committment
care tips
our history
our services












2021, dryclean depot, all rights reserved.




























