




	magnum magnetics - magnet manufacturer usa











































800-258-0991



we have it. flexible magnetic solutions ...













home
products
mounting tape
services
resources
contact us
careers

vip/log in
















































previous



next



















printerprofiles


printercompatability


frequentlyasked questions










magnum magnetics is the largest
magnet manufacturer in the usa
magnum magnetics is the largest flexible magnet manufacturer in the united states, including printable magnetic sheeting and magnetic rolls, magnetic strips, and extruded magnets. we specialize in manufacturing flexible magnets (also called “rubber magnets”) for various applications and industries, including commercial printing, wide-format signage, graphics, engineering, manufacturing, retail craft, office products, and more.
    
white papers / blog articles

understanding craft magnets
rubbersteel vs. engage:
	a deep dive into magnetic receptive materials
understanding magnet target thickness:
	why it matters to get it right
explore the power of magnetic sheets for digital presses 
it’s easy to print magnets!
unleashing creativity with interchangeable signs
magnets and sustainability
interesting myths about magnets
why use printable business vehicle magnets
the benefits of business card magnets
unlocking the power of extruded magnetic materials in retail store displays
10 ways to use magnets for business marketing
what to include on custom car magnets for businesses
tips for using printable magnetic sheets
8 creative commercial uses for magnetic strips
the types of magnets and magnetism
how does temperature affect magnetic strength
how to measure magnet strength
why does thin magnetic sheeting work better?
4 benefits of using label magnets
how to clean & care for your magnet?
the power of promotional magnets
5 cool facts about magnets
creative uses for magnetic sheeting
guide to printing on magnetic sheets
how are magnets made?
how do flexible magnets work?
how long do magnets last?
how to measure magnet strength
6 creative ways to use magnets to promote your business
what surfaces will magnets stick to?
why you should use magnets for events
 

benefits of buying from magnum magnetics
when working with magnum magnetics, you’ll see many financial, customer service, and performance-related benefits. here are a few of the main advantages of choosing us as your trusted magnet manufacturer:

superior products: we put tremendous effort into the quality and durability of our flexible magnets. our manufacturing facilities have full laboratory capabilities for product development, quality control, and testing, so you can rest assured that your magnets will be strong enough for your toughest jobs and have the longevity to last for years.
born here, built here: at magnum magnetics, we produce our magnets right here in the united states at two ohio manufacturing facilities. when you work with us, you’ll know you support american men and women by contributing to the domestic economy.
quick order fulfillment: because we make our products domestically, we have a head start on companies with manufacturing capabilities halfway around the world. with the right shipping lane conditions, we can often have our most popular magnetic products delivered within 24 hours of your order.
custom options: we’re more than happy to help when you need a custom order. we have extensive experience working with special requirements and are delighted to consult with you about the specifications that best suit your needs.

industry applications for flexible magnets
we are a top magnet supplier in north america. here are a few of the applications we supply magnets for:

advertising: our magnets work great for spreading the word about your products or services. give out a few attractive refrigerator magnets at an event or in your store. then let them advertise for you 24 hours a day in your potential customers’ kitchen, garage, or anywhere else you’d like to be seen!
engineering and oem applications: our customers rely on magnetic strips, extruded magnetic profiles, sheet magnets, and custom items for various engineering and original equipment manufacturing (oem) applications. our robust product development and quality control capabilities make us an excellent partner for these industries.
retail: our packaged magnetic merchandise, not limited to magnetic cards, magnetic buttons, and magnetic photo paper, is ideal for retail sales to schools, offices, crafters, and many more consumers. we also offer convenient, timely order fulfillment to retail operations.
signs and graphics: our magnets are excellent for large signs and graphics. rely on our wide-format printing knowledge and service to assist you in creating a unique design to generate visibility for your brand.

our promise
at magnum magnetics, we back our flexible magnets with a sincere promise about their craftsmanship and the quality service you can rely on whenever you work with us. our promise to you comes with four core components:

quality: we source only safe, quality magnet materials for our magnetic sheets, magnetic strips, and custom items. we test every one of our permanent magnets to ensure their heavy metal content complies with the united states toy safety standards, so you can rest assured that children can play with our magnetic products safely. we also put the finished products through rigorous quality control processes to eliminate defects and ensure dependable products.
customer service: we know that you want quick, clear answers when you call us with questions. you’ll gain a dependable partnership rooted in honest communication and problem-solving when you work with us. we’ll treat you as a real person and work hard to help you resolve challenges.
competitive prices: we also strive to keep our product lines reasonably priced so you can get high-strength, reliable magnets while sticking to your budget. when you buy from magnum magnetics, you’ll get the products you need at a price you can feel good about paying.
safe: all of our magnetic products are non-toxic. they comply with california prop. 65.

         





new thin magnetic sheeting - available now! with an innovative new magnetization process, we’ve enhanced our messagemag® thin magnetic sheeting for offset and flexo presses. the media runs pre-magnetized and delivers the holding strength of a real magnet while feeding, jogging, and stacking more efficiently than ever.
we stock 12 x 18 in. and 24 x 19 in. sheets in standard thicknesses of 13pt and 17pt, available immediately with our signature quick delivery. also, messagemag can be customized and delivered in rolls or cut sheets to your specifications. learn more >

















our brands
digimag duplex
digimag paper
digimag plus
digimag prime
digimag vinyl
digimag xtra
digimaxx
digimaxx latex
labelmag
messagemag
musclemag
musclemag digital
musclemag inkjet
musclemag latex
rubbersteel
thermalmag




our ideas
adhesive laminated magnet
adhesive magnets
adhesives
custom magnet
custom sheeting
die cut magnet
extrusions
flexible magnetic sheeting
magnetic profiles
magnetic receptive
magnetic signs
magnetic strip
magnetic tape
magnetizers
paper laminated
plain flexible magnet
printable magnet
special magnetization
special packaging
thin printable magnet
vinyl laminated magnet




your needs
advertising magnet
back coating
back printing
business cards
direct mail
distributors
engineers / oem
print magnet on flexo
print magnet on indigo
print magnet on inkjet
print magnet on nexpress
offset printing
order fulfillment
print on magnet
product development
refrigerator magnets
retail
retail order fulfillment
screen printing
stock & hold
wide format printing
24-hour turnaround




the info
general contacts
clean & care
contact us
careers
legal
legal notices
world class
magnum cares
magnum's story
our promise
printer profiles
privacy
product request
resources
site map
vip access request









magnum magnetics corporation | 801 masonic park road | marietta, ohio 45750
800-258-0991

                    ©2025 magnum magnetics corporation. “the force in flexible magnetics”, “magnum”, “magnum magnetics” and the m and arrow symbol, individually and in combination, are registered trademarks of magnum magnetics corporation.
                    
                    a magnum manufacturing™ company














