


www.tk560.com




























contents:



star 
                trek tos props



communicators
phasers
tricorders



star 
                wars ep iv-vi props



helmets
blasters
stormtrooper armor
rebel fleet trooper
 endor commando
how-to guides
 vacuform table



misc. 
                sci-fi props



cylon 
        centurion
viper pilot helmet
m41-a pulse rifle
b5 ppg
prop photo gallery



1964-1976 
                gijoe figures



the
          trenches
        retro box designs
        repair/restoration
        replica parts
40th anniversary



world 
                war ii militaria



replica 
        weapons/gear
reenactment units
me262 project



civilian 
                marksmanship program



m1 
        garand rifle
m1903 springfield 
        rifle
m1 carbine



other 
                stuff 



discussion 
        board
egner ii design
fan film project
the mac plus project
catalog 
        page

please 
        note, that the images, logos, and respected artworks, are property of 
        the original copyright owners. tk560 has no affiliation with any of the 
        intellectual property owners. this is a fan site dealing with movie and 
        television replica props, original gijoe action figures, world war ii 
        memorabilia, and marksmanship/ firearms interests. most of the images 
        used on this site are photographed by the site owners. official logos 
        are used to identify specific products/ manufacturers.


build your 
        own prop replicas
on this site you can find how-to guides for making 
        your own movie props, and costume replicas. plus a few surprises.



 













updates,
              and news
 [update 11-8-2018]
well i have gone and done it. i made a decision to join the modern era, and i'm now able to 3d design and print objects. my first efforts is my new version of my bandoleer greeblies, and the next item will be a new bunker buster aka proton grenade, so stay tuned! i am also working on some jeep parts, a few new helmets to fill in my collection and even a full size 3d printed r2 unit. if you need something 3d printed, let me know, and i bet i can help you out.

updates,
              and news
 [update 7-27-18]
a big "thank you!" to everyone for your support. currently, i am having some supply issues thats causing some delays getting orders out. so if you have ordered from me in the last month or so, please be patient, i am working on your orders as fast as i can. 
in the meantime, please visit some of the links on this sidebar. they help support this fan site. thanks again!
updates,
              and news
 [update 11-8-2017]
what a crazy summer. i've been working on the largest prop replica ever. a jurassic park jeep! still tweaking it, but for now here is a build log. 

after a long time looking for a ramsey rep6000 winch, that was used on the movie jeeps, i decided to just make a static replica. 

 

lots of other projects too! i now have a small 3d printer, and i've been learning some things about 3d printing. i have some new molds i used the 3d printer to create the patterns from. new bandoleer greeblies, and new x-wing rocker switches. 
updates,
              and news
 [update 1-20-2017]
it's been a while since i last updated the page. yes, i'm still alive and kicking, due to so many requests during that time, i've decided i'm dusting off the old e-11 /l2a3 sterling kit, and even putting together some new stuff so stay tuned. my commando blaster molds, out of stock,again. as funds permit, i'll be reworking them and the bunker buster kit and the i even have a few surprises...  lets just say, a heavy project in the works. email me for details. 
updates,
              and news
 [update 4-5-2016]
it's been a while since i last updated the page. yes, i'm still alive and kicking, just life has been a bit busy as of late, and i've finally just gotten back into the studio after several years on hiatus. due to so many requests during that time, i've decided i'm dusting off the old e-11 /l2a3 sterling kit, and even putting together some new stuff so stay tuned. i just redid my commando blaster molds, and can now offer a very limited run of these again. as funds permit, i'll be reworking the bunker buster kit and the i even have a few surprises...  lets just say, a heavy project in the works. email me for details. 
updates,
              and news
 [update 9-25-2014]
i'm still using this page! i have been trying out google's blogger.  click here to visit the the new update page. all updates are over there now. i'm ot realy happy with that site, so for now i'm not doing much over there either.
updates,
              and news
 [update 6-june-2011] 
i'm still using this page! i have been trying out google's blogger.  click here to visit the the new update page. all updates are over there now. 
updates,
              and news
 [update 7-june-2010] 
to simplify the updates on this page, i am starting to use a blog format. blogger to be specific. i'm trying to migrate some things now, but to preview the blog, check it out : click here i hope to have all the migration done this summer. the net result will be more frequent updates, and better management of the content on this site. i'm trying to get more time making stuff instead of working on this site's new look, and i think this tool will help me do this. at least, the blog aspect of this site. please, take a look, and give me some feedback on what you think. i'm having some formatting issues right now, so the videos don't display the way i want them to. 
updates,
              and news
 [update 2-april-2010] 
then end is
                here. well, at least for some of my molds are concerned. the
                6-piece resin kits i've been offering of the sterling l2a3 parts,
                are now gone. the molds are dead, and i do no plan on offering
                them again. i still have the original parts that i can use to
                make new molds from but unless the situation changes,
                i can not afford to remake the molds. thanks to everyone who
                has ordered these kits from me in the past. i knew this day would
                come and it makes me sad. maybe, if the economy picks up, i can
                afford to remake some new molds, who knows.
at the same
                time, i realized i am out of rft kits set aside for the finished
                helmets. i am no longer taking  orders on the finished helmets,
                except for special order only. thanks to everyone who ordered
                a finished helmet from me over the past few years. the rft kits
                will be available for a while longer, or as long as i can keep
                making them, but the finished helmets are no more. i hope everyone
                understands. and if the rebel legion needs me to, i can step
                back in and do some more, but for now, i am out of the game. 
updates,
              and news
 [update 26-january-2010] 
i've been really
                busy with  some badly needed home improvement
                projects since my last update. we had a storm that cause our
                roof to leak, so we have been working with our insurance to get
                this fixed. that lead to a new hot water heater and some other
                issues. finally i got that mess taken care of. 2010 i hope is
                better than 2009. it looks like i'm out of the endor commando
                donut decals and i don't know if i can get any more made or not.
                i'm working on that right now, but my vinyl decal guy is kind
                of hard to get to respond to my emails.
 and my supplier
              of wells mr722 airsoft guns no longer list's them as available.
              i may have found another supplier but my cost is going to double
                if i have to use them. not sure i'm going to be able to provide
              these much longer. my e-11 molds are pretty badly worn and i'm
              down to my last couple of sets, so i'm not planning on making
            any more for a while. i know some of this sounds like bad news, but
                it really is just a good way to reassess what my core projects
                should be. time for me to focus on the fan film once again, and
                get the last few props ready for this. including the resin lewis
                gun project and some camera equipment. i still have a working
                vacuum form machine, and most of the molds for the rft helmets,
                 commando donuts, and some surviving tk armor, so i can still
                offer these parts as needed. lots more work to be done. 
updates,
              and news
 [update 26-november-2009] 
i've been reworking
                a few molds, and the first one is the thermal detonator control
                panel. my old mold just did not hold up well, and i had been
                getting a few requests to make it available in a format that
                could be used for a sandtrooper back pack part. so, now, i have
                a new, limited run of these version 2.0 td control panels that
                the user can customize for their specific needs. these will be
                offered as a kit that you simply trim out. check it out on the
                catalog page.

any us orders
                placed after december 11, i can not guarantee delivery before
                christmas. international orders, the deadline for christmas delivery
            is december 7. 
updates,
              and news
 [update 01-october-2009] 
i've been working
              on some additional rft helmet kits, and a few new surprizes. reminder:  any order placed after october 15, i cannot guarantee delivery before halloween, october 31. 
recent news
 [update 09-june-2009] 
i've been working
                on some endor/hoth back pack parts, as per requested from a rebel
                legion member, lonescout. here is a sneak peek at the part:

and some more pics of the part, from left to right, sample from
              lonescout, the pattern, mold [back]and test castings:
 
if anyone is
                interested in these, please let me know. lonescout is planning
                a limited run of packs, and i will be offering these tube assemblies.
                in addition, i've been reworking the ear molds for the endor
                commando soft cap, as per requested from donna at the sunrider
                base. these will be formed in a thinner plastic, with a deeper
                edge molding detail. i should have these ready to deliver in
                a few weeks.
the fan film
                is on summer hiatus, and i don't know when we will get back to
                work on it. much of these current projects are 'back water' items
                we could use on the film, and with some other productions down
                the road.
i'm also working
                on some 1/6th scale projects. the big one is the gijoe atv. here
                is a sneak peek:

and

notice the
                soft edge details. thats something i'm having to work out, and
                thats causing a big delay. i've already made the hand rails,
                and now cotswold is selling their own reproductions! next up
                is a set of replacement wheels!
 finally, i'm
                reworking the catalog page with some updated products. catalog
                page. oh, and i'm now on twitter. follow me here. 
older
                  news
 [update 06-april-2009] 
i've been busy
                reworking the endor commando blaster molds, and have started
                casting the first run requested by the endor bunker. the first
                half of this order should go out this week. man, these kits take
                a lot of resin! i ran out, using two gallons of material on 6
                kits. i way underestimated the amount of materials not only the
                resin, but the silicone as well. oh well. for now, there is a
                sign-up list for slots in the second run. you can get on the
                list here: http://movies.groups.yahoo.com/group/endorbunker/              [note:
                membership is required to access the sign-up page. contact farfel51@hotmail.com              for registration details.] if we can't fill the second run of
              10, i will start offering the kits through the catalog page this
              summer. right now, it's an exclusive for the endor bunker members,
              and anyone wanting to join their ranks. 
in addition,
                i've been moving some things around, and getting organized. and
                this month herb and i plan to do some filming for the last
                garrison.
                this may be the last time we get a chance to finish up the critical
                live action sequences for a while. we are going to try and film
                on april 18, assuming the weather cooperates. herb has enlisted
                the help of the sfa
                film school students for help in these action
                packed sequences. i'll be involved as a technical advisor, camera
                operator, prop and costume provider, and maybe, just maybe a
                cameo role. we had to cut out some scenes, and scale back the
                scope of the project, mainly due to conflicting schedules and
                money. the good news is, i hope to have some footage to work
                with, as herb is working on his own vision of the film. we will
                end up sharing the cgi footage for both  versions. 
i'm still working
                on the adventure team 6-wheel atv project in 1/6th scale. i've
              been trying to get these other projects out of the way first.
by
              the way, you can find me on facebook.
 
recent updates
 [update 06-march-2009] 
work on the
                house is  complete. now, finally, i can get back to work on some
                fun projects! i've been asked to help the endor bunker on a second
                run of a281 endor commando blaster kits, this time, the molds
                will be made from 'good' quality silicone. i tried some cheaper
                material, that was ok, but did not hold up well. as a result,
                those molds were heavily damaged and can not be salvaged. i'll
                be going back to my old, tried and true, polytec, plassil 71-20
                for these new molds. in addition to the endor commando blaster
                kits, i'm also working in 1/6th scale. i'm recreating the 1970's
                vintage gijoe 6-wheel atv. it will ultimately become a vacuum
                formed part, but getting to the point where i can create the
                negative mold, is taking me much longer than expected. i attended
                a gijoe convention in february, and met some really neat folks.
                they have inspired me to see this project through. 
in other news,
                i've changed the registration process on the discussion board,
                and we are slowly heading towards a new version of that forum
                software. i'm also going to shut down the other web site. i just
                can't afford to host two sites, and i now have enough server
                space, to host both on this site. when my hosting plan runs out
                in a few months, www.imperial-armor.com will be no more. so long,
                farewell. 
i've also been
                working on some other 'art' projects, that i hope i can share
                soon. top secret for now. and the fan film is still on board
                for some live action shooting this spring. just as soon as we
                get some foliage back. if we fail the get the needed shots this
                spring, then the future of that project will be in serious doubt.
                i've also been busy with an ar project that i hope to finish
                up soon, i will report the results as soon as i can. 
older news
 [update 21-november-2008] 
work on the
                house is almost complete. we now have a new working bathroom!
                i hope another hard weekend, and we will be done with the project.
                this has me really far behind on other projects. one thing
                has taken place with the fan film, and that is some new blood.
                we hope to have a condensed script and finish the live action
                filming this spring. i hope so. this film project is taking way
                longer than i ever thought it would. a special thanks to herb              for spear-heading this effort.
here is a pic
                of some of the gang at this year's scare on the square:

image
              courtesy greg patterson
              studios. 
in other news,
                    www.tk560.com made it on amc's 'sci-fi site of the week'.
                yea. here is a link: amc
                        sotw blog. 





finally, i
                have redone some things to better organize the catalog
                page.
                many of the items are now sold out, and unless demand for these
                items returns, i won't be doing any more. i'm afraid economic
                hard times have hit home, and most likley after the first of
                the year, the items found on the catalog page will become a special
                request only/ special order sort of deal only. 
older news
 [update 24-sept-2008] 
power has been
                restored, and i'm finally able to catch up on some projects.
                i'm working as fast as i can to catch up with everything. i should
                have some images posted soon. i to try and finish up some work
                on the house, not related to the storm this weekend, and return
                to a more productive schedule then. i am planning a site rework,
                nothing too drastic, but i need to clean-up this place a bit.
older news
 [update 18-sept-2008] 
hurrican ike
                slammed the east texas area on 13 september, 2008. we were lucky,
                and only lost power, had one tree fall on the house, and only
                one hole in the roof. you would think that some 200 miles inland,
                we would not have hurricane events. this is the second one in
                three years, the last one was rita in 2005. we were out of electricity
                for seven days then, and we are on day six now with the damage
                thanks to ike. i'll post some pics of the debris just as soon
                as i can get some power at the house. until then, i have to say,
                that it's like camping, but in your home. the wife and kids are
                taking it all well, and the neighborhood has banded to gether
                for evening meals, trying to cook food that would spoil otherwise.
                i'll get back to props and vacuum forming as soon as i can. for
                anyone who has ordered from me recently, i'll get your orders
                out as soon as i can.
updates,
                    and news
 [update 27-aug-2008] 
wow! just ,
                wow. has it really been nearly four months since my last update?
                i guess it has. i've been really busy with non-prop or costume
                related projects and i guess thats where my time has been spent.
                i've started adding on to the house, and we re-did the driveway.
                in the future, i hope to add a car port too! the summer time

                off has really gone by fast. i had wanted to get some filming
                done, and spend the time working on some sixthscale projects,
                but that did not happen. well, the filming did not happen. i
                guess thats the sad new. much of the film crew that started on
                this fan film have moved on to other interests, and that has
                really slowed down the project. maybe this fall, some new folks
                will get recruited, and we can continue on with the film project.
additionally,
                i've been having some issues with some of the art materials used
                to cast parts with, specifically the urethane resin. i'm really
                cutting back on dealing with that stuff. my skin just can't take
                much exposure to it. so be careful if you are messing with that
                stuff. my stockpile of spare e-11 parts is gone, and i only have
                a handfull of kits left, and when these last few are gone, i
                won't do anymore. i may have another option available, but i
                don't want to give away my secrets just yet.
in the sixthscale
                news, as many of you know i'm a big vintage gijoe fan. the yellow
                adventure team atv has been a favorite of mine for many years,
                and i've decided to bring that classic toy up to date, fix some
                issues gijoe fans had with the vintage ones, and offer some custom
                parts. so stay tuned in the gijoe section for updates on this
                classic toy. it's going to be an adventure!






                    the final version after painting. click image.
 project: 
                    x-wing pilot chestbox
 the x-wing 
                    pilot chest box. soon, i'll get the x-wing helmet sculpt going, 
                    and then get started on the rest of the costume. if anyone 
                    can help with the sewing on the vest, and conversion of the 
                    flight suit, please let me know! email
 i still 
                    need to get the dishwasher drain hose, and the green military 
                    strapping material. left is the prototype with rocker switches, 
                    
click 
                    on the image for a larger verison. its kind of funny how this 
                    thing is put together. the round 'greeblie' is actually a 
                    notebook paper hole repair sticker, and the red dots on the 
                    rocker switches are hole punches made with red paper.
the strapping 
                    material is od green from the army/navy store, and snap fasteners 
                    will be applied to hold this on to the wearer. the hose will 
                    have to be attached both at the chest box, and the flight 
                    suit. not sure how to do either end. most likley, i will use 
                    an 'elbow connector inside the chest box and mount that to 
                    the back plate. then cut a hoe in the base of the chestbox 
                    and route the hose out the bottom. this will give a good sturdy 
                    appearance. 
note, 
                    the large dial is actually a thumbwheel from an old star trek 
                    phaser kit. 
special 
                    thanks to rpf memeber "badger" for helping me with 
                    this project.
please
                      visit the catalog page for
                  additional information.


 

 
we are 
                    working on some upgrades to these helmets, including see through 
                    visors, a better helmet liner, and antannae. stay tuned for 
                    more details. improved comm box, and chincup have already 
                    been made.
 
  
                    fleet trooper helmets [limited supply]
vacuum formed versions of the rft helmet, 
                    straight from the fan film!
here 
                    is a shot of the latest prop, the rebel fleet trooper 
                    helmet. sometimes called 'rebel blockade runner'. 
                    this is based on a mold taken from an actual wwii us navy 
                    mark ii 'talker' helmet, and 3 custom made vac-form molds. 
                    the communication box, the rear swoop, and the chin cup.
 
                    if you want to know more, email 
                    me. we made these for the fan film. now, for a limited time, 
                    you can get one. these were to be used in the fan film, but 
                    due to budget over-runs, we can only have a limited the number 
                    of fleet troopers. here is your chance to get one of the extra 
                    helmets from the production.
please 
                    visit the catalog page 
                    for additional information.





 
here is 
                    a pic of the resin parts i have, and what they look like mounted 
                    on a piece of pvc, primed and then finally painted: click 
                    on the picture for a larger view. 
 
 e-11 
                    blaster parts kit 
                    [limited supply]
resin versions of the hard to make blaster 
                    parts
the 
                    original plan for the fan film was to have 20 troopers in 
                    some large scale battles, much like that of the old wwii movies. 
                    i started making the blasters for the 20 troopers, then a 
                    production decision was made to reduce the number of trooper 
                    by half. so, i am left with a bunch of these resin parts, 
                    and if you need any let me know [email 
                    me]. these were made to speed up the blaster 
                    making for the fan film, and as a film prop, they do have 
                    minor air bubbles, and flashing that need to be cleaned up. 
                    an easy job for the scratch-built blaster project. these were 
                    cast from a real l2a3 sterling, m38 scope, and counter box. 
                    [non-logo version]. supplies are almost gone! get them while 
                    you can! i don't plan to make any more.
please 
                    visit the catalog page 
                    for more informaiton. 





 
older 
        stories 
some of the older featured projects can be found here.


 
latest suits finished. tk560 [me] on the left and tk652 on the 
              right. click on the image for a larger version. 

 build 
              your own stormtrooper
[5-19-05]
back 
              in august 2002 i started on a project; to create my own star wars 
              imperial stormtrooper armor from scratch. now, over 28 months later, 
              and countless hours research, trial and error reverse-engineering 
              and hard work, i finally have reached a point where, i have a complete 
              set of armor molds made. this pic shows tk560, on the left, and 
              tk652 on the right. the suit scales pretty well for a person from 
              5' 5" to 6' 2" [me].
what 
              does it take to make a stormtrooper costume? well, the process is 
              a complex one but not beyond what a fan can do in his spare time, 
              and a few square feet in the garage. the first step is the vacuum 
              forming machine. i must have made 4 different machines 
              before i got one lagre enough to pull this project. the second step 
              is the molds. 
              different techniques have been used by other fans to make their 
              trooper armor, but for me, i took advice from a fellow rpf board 
              memeber, phil g. aka blaxmyth, 
              and used mdf and bondo to make 
              the molds. the final step is to pull the plastic, trim out the parts, 
              paint and add details.
its 
              been a long road, and the trip is still not over, but i can see 
              the the light at the end of the tunnel! click here 
              for details.









              home built vacuform table #4.
 
              this machine is the production version capable of making all the 
              trooper parts, including the large chest molds and abdomen parts. 
              it's powered by a 3hp shop vac, and a 30amp 110v heater.
 make 
              your own vacuform machine
[3-29-05]
when i first 
              got into building hand props, i soon realized several technologies 
              would be necessary to make these props as realistic as possible: 
              wood working, mold building, resin casting, white-metal casting, 
              and vacuforming/thermaform would need to be mastered. from my old 
              fine arts days, i could build the molds, woodworking was not a challenge 
              because i have access to the necessary tools, and thanks to products 
              like pour-a-kast, and rtv 
              silicone molds, that part of prop construction was fairly easy. 
              however, i wanted to be able to make parts like the shells of a 
              star trek communicator, or the 
              tricorder among other items. this required me to construct a 
              vacuform machine. also, i wanted to make my own version of a stormtrooper 
              armor set, moulds and all so that i could build a sandtrooper garrison, 
              for a fan film. i knew i would have to start out small. do you want 
              to know more about vacuum forming? check out the video.






 tricorder 
              prop replica  
[3-29-05]
from 
              star trek [the original series, 1966-1969], this is the first in 
              a series of classic sci-fi props to be featured on www.tk560.com. 
              originally conceived by matt jefferies, and designed and built by 
              wah chang for pramount studios to give gene roddenberry's new science 
              fiction tv series, star trek, a "utilitarian" look. the 
              replica here is as close to the original prop you are going to find. 
              straight from roddenberry.com's 
              online store, these $250 kits require several hours to build, but 
              are worth every penny and every minute. click 
              here to see some more details on this truly outstanding prop 
              replica. unfortunately, roddenberry.com no longer sells this great 
              prop kit. master replicas 
              now sells a "working" version. get ready to crack open 
              our piggy bank! currently, i'm researching a way to add a working 
              viewscreen using an old video camera. i have a 23 century science 
              recorder kit that just might work. stay tuned for updates. note, 
              the backlog on props has increased! now i have 4 phasers to make, 
              2 communicators to rebuild, a tricorder, viper pilot, and x-wing 
              pilot helmets, a complete boba fett costume, and a m41-a 'stunt' 
              pulse rifle. not to mention the vacuform machine and the stormtrooper 
          armor! 





aliens 
              colonial marine m41-a pulse rifle prop replica
[3-29-05]
from 
              the 1986 james cameron movie, aliens. 
              update: project is finished. man this the m41-a 
              is a beast. it weights a ton. biggest thing in my prop collection. 
              some fatigue in the shrouds has to be addressed, a resin pour to 
              reinforce the shrouds will be required. only thing left to do is 
              add a real counter, but my "photoshop" 
              version looks decent, and requires no batteries! there is a debate 
              on the true colors of the shroud, so i went with an "idealized" 
              color. the filming version were a bess brown, that in the lighting
              situations used in the film, appeared od green. 


m41-a pulse rifle replica prop



 


links













videos







suppliers












makers of some 
            really cool stuff, like ipods, macbooks and the intel-based macpro. they 
            also make some great software, like imovie, osx, itunes, and garageband. 
            oh, yea, the new macbook pros,  can run windows xp.
want 
            to advertise here?
click 
          here to learn how. it's cheaper than you think!


 


  












webmaster 
    | copyright ©2003-2017 tk560.com all rights reserved.




