






	michigan dui attorney william maze - 20 years experience fighting michigan owi charges and minimizing michigan drunk driving penalties!
	
























































 (734) 591-0100 • 
					 (313) 792-8800 • 
					 (734) 941-8800
				



					toll free 888.941.1122
				




















home



									about 


 about us
 detroit law office
 livonia law office
 romulus law office
 sitemap




									drunk driving 


 superdrunk
 dui
 dwi
 owi
 owvi
 owi 2nd
 minor bac

 prison for felony owi charges?




									criminal 


 assault & battery
 dwls
  retail fraud
  felonies




									traffic violations 


 speeding tickets
 cdl driver tickets
 driver's license restoration




									contact 


 detroit law office
 livonia law office
 romulus law office
















michigan dui attorney


get immediate help now from an award winning michigan dui attorney



william maze is michigan's leading drunk driving defense lawyer





				if you are facing a michigan dui charge . . . 
				
i can help!  my name is william maze, and i am one of michigan's most widely recognized dui attorneys (technically known as an owi charge in michigan or operating while intoxicated). i have 20 years of experience fighting michigan dui charges. i have fought more michigan drunk driving charges than any other lawyer in the state of michigan. i focus on discovering evidence that will help you beat a michigan dui charge, motions that will cripple the prosecutor's case against you, and taking cases to trial before a jury. i have been an active member of the national college for dui defense since 2005, and i have learned the science and strategies that you need in your corner fighting a michigan dui charge. a michigan drunk driving charge is serious, and your immediate concern should be how to select the right dui lawyer for your case.
what my clients are saying about me:






handled over a thousand michigan dui cases
elected president of cdam, criminal defense attorneys of michigan (2014-2015)
published michigan supreme court victories
numerous victories before the michigan court of appeals










watch screencast
										




michigan dui blood testing










watch video
										




michigan dui breath tests










listen podcast
										




field sobriety testing







expert witness in michigan dui cases
did you know that most michigan dui lawyers do not know how field sobriety tests are performed? every michigan dui attorney should be trained in standardized field sobriety testing used by michigan dui enforcement officers, but few have bothered to take this course. i took the national highway traffic safety administration's standardized field sobriety training course in 2005. i have subsequently gone on to become an instructor, and i have been qualified by numerous courts as an expert witness in field sobriety testing. i am the only michigan dui attorney to have ever testified as an expert witness in drunk driving cases regarding field sobriety testing. 

				






dbusiness top lawyers
super lawyers
people's choice award avvo
graduate - national criminal defense college (ncdc) in macon, georgia
graduate - trial practice college, cdam




dui breath testing in michigan
did you know that most michigan dui lawyers do not know how the breath machine works? every michigan dui attorney should be trained on michigan's breath testing instrument the datamaster. in addition to countless hours of breath testing lectures that i have attended through the national college for dui defense and the national association of criminal defense lawyers, i attended a specialized course offered for lawyers at national patent analytical systems. at that time, npas was the manufacturer of the bac datamaster and the datamaster dmt, which was subsequently sold to intoximeters. i also own two datamaster machines and the two most commonly employed preliminary breath testing instruments (pbts) in michigan, the lifeloc fc10 and the alcosensor iii. i have been qualified by several courts as an expert witness in the datamaster, being permitted to provide testimony on drunk driving cases on behalf of a party.
what other attorneys are saying about me:






					speaking engagements on michigan dui laws
					medical cannabis cup -- legal theft: the crime of civil asset forfeiture (2015)
macomb county bar association -- introduction to field sobriety testing (2015)
graduate program on forensic science -- police interrogations and false confessions (2015)
michigan senate judiciary committee -- testimony regarding sb 207 regarding field sobriety testing in michigan (2014)
criminal justice committee, michigan house of representatives on behalf of criminal defense attorneys of michigan (2014)
miaowia 2013 conference -- using foia in drunk driving cases (2013)
criminal advocacy program -- drunk driving and drugged driving: operating under the influence of something (2013)
advanced criminal defense practice conference -- drug recognition experts (dres): challenging the voodoo science and tackling the expert at trial (2013)




a real michigan dui attorney trial lawyer
did you know that most michigan dui lawyers have never taken a case to trial? the vast majority of so-called michigan dui attorneys are pleading people to operating while visibly impaired as quickly as possible. the few michigan dui attorneys who brag about going to trial are usually referring to their time at the prosecutor's office, when i demanded a jury trial! law school doesn't prepare an attorney to handle michigan dui cases, and trial advocacy is usually limited to a single elective course. i have participated in numerous criminal advocacy programs, including weeks long programs by the ncdc and cdam. but what really counts? actually going before a jury and taking a case to trial. i have a proven track record 20 years long that establishes my reputation as a real michigan dui attorney trial lawyer. 






					even more speaking engagements on michigan dui laws
					ohio association of criminal defense lawyers -- breath test challenges (2012)
nhtsa/iacp standardized field sobriety testing practitioner certification course -- nhtsa/iacp standardized field sobriety testing practitioner certification course (2012)
cdam -- introduction to field sobriety testing and statistical flaws in the sfst battery (2012)
bac / dmt datamaster introductory course -- bac / dmt datamaster introductory course (2012)
icle - plymouth conference -- dui defense seminar (2010)
icle - grand rapid conference -- dui defense seminar (2010)
wayne county criminal advocacy program -- dui defense (2009)
nhtsa/iacp standardized field sobriety testing practitioner certification course -- nhtsa/iacp standardized field sobriety testing practitioner certification course (2009)
nhtsa/iacp standardized field sobriety testing practitioner certification course -- michigan training in the nhtsa/iacp standardized field sobriety tests (2007)




michigan drunk driving & drugged driving: blood evidence
did you know that most michigan dui lawyers do not even know how to read a blood test result from michigan state police? every michigan dui attorney should have at least a rudimentary understanding of gc-fid and gc-ms and be able to read and interpret a blood test result. but i had a medical surgeon bring his case to me after another michigan dui lawyer had pleaded him guilty to impaired driving. it was alleged that this surgeon had been driving drunk on his way to the hospital. a blood test was performed on the doctor after he was arrested. his attorney reviewed the blood evidence in court and convinced his client that there was no way to defend the case. when i reviewed the same blood evidence, it clearly and unequivocally established that the doctor was actually innocent of driving drunk. you can't make this stuff up! i have taken advanced course work in blood and urine testing, and i know and understand how the michigan state police perform testing and analysis. i have taken numerous classes in gc-fid, and i have several of the nation's best experts at my disposal to help me interpret complex scientific data.








copyright © maze legal, 2016. all rights reserved.
back to top 









contact

								three convenient locations to serve your legal needs around the detroit metro area, with a network of other qualified michigan dui lawyers across the state.
							



										downtown detroit
										615 griswold st ste 1708
										detroit, mi 48226-3990
										(313) 792-8800


										livonia
										13407 farmington rd ste 102a
										livonia, mi 48150-4205
										(734) 591-0100


										detroit metro airport
										37211 goddard rd
										romulus, mi 48174
										(734) 941-8800









maze legal

site map
							visit the michigan drunk driving.com page
							



recent posts

april 5, 2016 by admin
can you be charged for sleeping drunk in your vehicle?


april 5, 2016 by admin
can the police legally stop you for tinted windows?


february 5, 2016 by admin
michigan drugged driving: video seminar before the wayne county criminal defense bar


january 15, 2016 by admin
if the police illegally stop your vehicle, you can beat your michigan dui charge

michigan dui articles 



























