









top dog country club | twin cities dog vacation care & boarding








































 





skip to content



toggle navigationtourreviewsservicesplaytimeeducationin the mediacontactbook a suitetoggle navigationtourreviewsservicesplaytimeeducationin the mediacontactemploymentbook a suite
 





the un-kennel where cool dogs vacationorangeball creative2024-12-10t08:37:55-06:00 
where cool
dogs vacation!where cool
dogs vacation!video tourbook a suitetop dog country club“the un-kennel”as a former vice president with marriott lodging, my work demanded constant travel, and when a house and dog-sitter cancelled on me, the inspiration for top dog country club, a vacation club for dogs, was born. after 10 years of planning and many thousands of hours, my dream became a reality in october of 2000. i met a need, solved a problem, and followed my passion to bring the hospitality business into the world of dog boarding.
top dog was the first facility of its kind and a pioneer in the business. my ‘club med’ style vacation for dogs, combined with the service model i learned at marriott lodging, sparked an explosion in the industry and earned top dog country club international recognition. we have been featured all over the world: discovery channel’s animal planet, the new york times, nbc’s today show, the world harold in paris, and in news outlets around the globe. the birth of top dog country club forever changed an industry.
our job? make happy dogs.our goal? provide dog parents peace of mind when they travel, knowing their “kiddos” are safe, happy, and having the vacation of their lives!video tourbook a suitearrival & departure7-10 am & 4-7 pm daily
tourstours by appointment between
11:00 am – 2:00 pm
contact info(952) 353-2600
contact us
the top dog differencethe facilitytop dog country club is a world-renowned vacation club for dogs . . . the “un-kennel”. we are located on 39 acres just 20 minutes west of lake minnetonka, away from the noise and space restrictions of the metro so dogs can be dogs. it’s like a “marriott for dogs” with the fun and activities of a ‘club med’ vacation.
the staffcarefully selected for their love for, and patience with dogs. staff to dog ratio is 1 staff for every 5-8 dogs, in the facility, and then allocated where we need them. we have hundreds of thousands of hours of pack behavior experience with our all-adult staff supervising play and we work with dogs teaching them good social skills.
the passion“it’s all about the dogs”.  at top dog country club, the dogs are the number one criteria in every decision.
what our clients’ (owners) say“we have been taking our dogs to top dog for the past 16 years and cannot recommend them highly enough. it always gives us peace of mind knowing our dogs are having a vacation of their own while we are away. when we drop them off, they run straight through the front door without looking back. they enjoy playing and running with all the other pups in the yard.  we have toured many kennels in the metro area and know that substantial outdoor time in a big yard with a pool is definitely a rare amenity. needless to say we love coming home to tired dogs!!
over the years we have had some dogs with physical disabilities and behavioral issues. the staff at top dog is top notch in caring for them and catering to their special needs. they are knowledgeable but most importantly we trust their judgement in handing difficult situation should they arise. unlike other places that hire teenagers to play with the dogs, it gives us confidence with an adult staff and the owner is living next door. hands down the best dog hotel in the twin cities!”
– scott and mandy christenson
read moreget the top dog app



 
 
book a suitetourreviewsservicesplaytimeeducationin the mediacontactemploymenttop dog foundationcontact info
(952) 353-2600
reservations@topdogcountryclub.com
5120 vega avenue
new germany, mn 55367
copyright 2025 | designed and developed by orangeball creative


 
 
page load link








go to top




