



linas vepstas home page







this little image is a closeup of the top of one of the
arnold tongues
(phase locked
regions occurring at frequencies that are
farey numbers),
specifically, the one that appears on the

iterated circle map. there are many more pictures in my
art gallery.


 

the home page of linas vepstas

welcome to my home page! this page is (mostly) about me, or things i've
done, or things that interest me, or other me-related things. now that
we've got that cleared up ... there's a lot of stuff here, some that i'm
proud of, and some that i'm ashamed of. i could remove the shameful
stuff. i won't. so its quasi-random assortment of stuff accumulated over
the decades.  some of it might be entertaining. but probably not.
a lot of stuff here was supposed to be useful for someone, back in the
early days of the internet. that stuff is now hopelessly out-of-date.
it will never be updated.
the rest is a collection, ahem, cough cough, personal detritus and
ephemera of an unstructured life pursuing whims without forethought,
activities without planning. so, typical human-type stuff.



hire me!



i do good work. seriously. looking for a worthy quest. looking to work
with the very best. help me do something important, noble, worthwhile,
grand, glorious.



blog linas is where it's at!



recent posts:


biology, gpt & ai safety
nominalism, platonic ideals and agi
war and information and free speech
a theory of jerks
the meaning crisis
social network crisis reading list
is the texas puc incompetent?
harnessing creative talent
post-capitalist political economy
the global brain, redux
revolution
free will
neurochemistry and bio networks reading list
meta reading list
addicted to reality
capitalism reading list
ontologies
algorithmic cancel culture
endorphin supply chains
agi career adivce
srfi-194, zipf, git, blockchain, atomspace
hello, world!



i spend most of my on-line social time elsewhere. even that
has changed: it used to be
my google+ page
(where i spent a huge amount of time trying to find the weirdest and
most eclectic stuff i could find; sadly, it has been totally
whitewashed by algorithms, and become a wasteland of utterly boring
monotonously homogeneous utterly uneventful, yet entirely acceptable
tasteless, bland feed of porridge. apparently, the google algorithms
aren't able to discern my actual tastes. is that good news, or bad
news?). i don't have the energy to do this again on
facebook.
oh well. turns out that digital life is remarkably ephemeral.
rigor mortis is not just something cadavers do; so do web pages
and social media feeds.  you're looking at one now.


here's one that's still breathing:
my medium page.
i really, really like the essays i wrote on medium. oh, wait, hang on --
that is because they are still mostly fresh.  just wait till they get
old and rot a little bit. who tf knew, back in 1995 or even 2005 that
digital media could actually rot?  apparently, the process of life and
living not only expects, but demands constant renewal.  and with that
in mind, i have a brand new
twitter account. its got four posts so far, including the "hello
twitter!" post. hold on to your butts! never mind. forget twitter.
secure scuttlebutt is the
place to be.


some of my medium posts that i like:

the future of humanity
the
global brain
the singularity and your place in it
wild swings of beliefs — physics and sociology
is
socialism good?

some of my medium posts that are more political, and make me cringe:

cultural relativism and moral authority
free speech on college campuses
meritocracy & white male culture

medium is .. frustrating. my
profile page
does not even list all of my essays! its like... they're gone! wtf!
where are my essays? arghhh! corporations!


meanwhile, back in the past...  i used to spend a lot of time on mailing
lists, but all the good ones (like cypherpunks) have disappeared. before
that, there was the ludwig plutonium guy, and black helicopters, and men
in black, and razor-wire detention camps in arizona for space aliens and
three-foot-tall people. all this to be found on the lovely nntp feed
alt.conspiracy channel.  it was truly an awesome time. for news feeds.


i once wrote

over 400 wikipedia articles on mathematics
(pictures
too) until that stopped being fun.


this website? i don't feel like polishing this website to make it
adhere to present-day website design sensibilities. this site isn't
fresh.  this website is a snapshot frozen in time: its what a personal
website looked like in 1997, before blogs were invented.

you can anonymously surf this
website via tor: its at http://gsubocaym4lgfdh7tsywyulvef4gnunhq7l4gdzm7rmkxvamc4rqomqd.onion/.


auto-biography and self-promotion

let's begin. first, we start with an auto-hagiography and some
self-promotion.  cause, like, you know, being employable and stuff
like that means that y'gotta write in like, grammatically correct,
fully formed and coherent sentences. and all that establishment b.s.
you know the drill. so here we go!
here's  my employability
page on linkedin. wheeee!


caution: boring sober bits ahead.


at various times in my life, i've been a scientist, technologist
and entrepreneur. i have broad interests in mathematics, physics,
and computer technology. oh, and sociology. and art with a capital a.
oh, and lots of things, actually. not enough lifetimes for them all.

many of my current technical interests focus on

natural language processing and

artificial general intelligence.
the nlp directory has pre/re-prints of some of the
academic publications that have come out of this work.


my primary research platform is the
open-source opencog project.  for me,
opencog provides a general technical setting where i can experiment
with different machine learning theories and algorithms, with both
connectionist and symbolic processing flavors.  i've compiled a messy
list of related open-source agi projects here
(which is now also hopelessly out of date; so it goes.)


i've spent well over a decade at
ibm; most recently
working on the
linux kernel for
power architecture-based
mainframes.  the
linux on the powerpc
wiki is a good place to find out more about ibm linux mainframes and systems.
i've been active in the linux community; i was a founder of the
gnome foundation; and was the lead developer for
gnucash for over 7
years. i've founded three dot-com startups, all of which failed to
turn me into an asshole billionaire. i mean the billionaire part;
i'm an asshole, just not a rich one.  i was a founding member of the
opengl architecture review board;
and spent 8 years learning about and designing
3d graphics hardware and software.  i have a phd in
theoretical physics from
suny at stony brook. currently, i am
utterly infatuated with
mathematics, and have made large contributions to
over 400 math articles in wikipedia. btw, y'all,
global warming is for real. do something about it.

 
 
 
 


    vytautas o. virkau memorial archive
vytautas o. virkau memorial archive.  vytas was my uncle. i loved
    him dearly. he passed away in 2017. i am trying to assemble an
    archive of his works and effects that i have in my possession.
    this is an ongoing effort.

    virkau and vepstas family photos
family photos. large. uncategorized.

    vepstas family photos
more family photos. semicategorized, unlabelled.
 


    linas' mathematical art gallery
a colorful exploration of some well-known, but under-examined
    equations.  i think some of this is high art, and much of the
    rest of it should be an eye-opener for even jaded fractal
    mathematicians.
    
    the art gallery has been running for over twenty-five years
    while being silent about the underlying math.  i suppose its
    high time to make amends.  the core idea of the dissertation
    is that the shapes of fractals are describable through farey
    fractions, which appear naturally through continued fractions,
    which have the symmetry of the modular group sl(2,z), which
    is inter-twined with the riemann zeta and the structure of the
    set of rational numbers.  besides the four basic operations
    on the real numbers (addition, subtraction, multiplication,
    division), there is a fifth basic operation which is rarely
    taught in primary school and under-appreciated at higher
    levels, namely, "farey addition" or, expressed correctly,
    group multiplication in sl(2,z).  the modular group doesn't
    just lead to pellian equations and algebraic numbers, it
    in fact intertwines all rational numbers (and their extensions
    to reals and p-adics) in crazy, fractal ways.  this is why,
    for example, one sees farey fractions in the mandelbrot set.
    in number theory, the structure of the modular group
    provides a unifying theme for understanding the nature of
    factorization and primality.  this is why, for example,
    power series and dirichlet series (such as the riemann zeta)
    exhibit such crazy fractal cantor-set type patterns. despite
    this connection being seen by weierstrass as early as 1872,
    its more-or-less entirely ignored in standard textbooks on
    analysis and number theory.  a series
    of articles tries to provide some of the underpinnings
    for the above breathless assertions. some highlights include:
    
distributions of
        rationals on the unit interval (or, how to (mis)-count
        rationals) is a high-giggle-factor review of
        some so-called "facts" about fractions that you learned
        as a child, and which every math teacher ever since has
        repeated, but which are simply not true.  i used to think
        number theory was boring until i saw this.

    the bernoulli map,
        the gauss-kuzmin-wirsing operator and the riemann zeta
        reviews the basics of using the frobenius-perron operator
        as a tool for studying fractals, and then applies it to
        to bernoulli map and the gauss map. along the way, we discover
        that the eigenfunctions of the bernoulli operator are the
        given by the hurwitz zeta, and show the connection between
        them and the traditional fractal eigenfunctions.  the details
        of the connection between the riemann zeta and the
        gauss-kuzmin-wirsing (gkw) operator are presented. a couple of
        exactly-solvable toy models of the gkw are presented as well.
        about half of this is a pedagogical introduction; the other
        half is a presentation of all-new results.

    a series representation for
        the riemann zeta derived from the gauss-kuzmin-wirsing
        operator is a less rambling, more tightly focused extract
        of the above, meant for publication.

    the
        minkowski question mark and the modular group sl(2,z)
        shows that the distribution of farey fractions transforms
        under the dyadic representation of the modular group.
        it constructs the minkowski question mark function as a
        set-theoretic representation of (a subset of) the modular
        group.  reviews the hyperbolic rotations of binary trees.
        this paper provides the core background material for the
        structure of the modular group that is used in the other
        papers of this series.

    symmetries of
        period-doubling maps
        identifies the modular group
        sl(2,z) as the basic symmetry group of a large class of
        fractals. although this relationship is obvious, it never
        ceases to amaze me that books on modular forms never mention
        fractals, and that books on fractals never mention modular
        forms, despite the obviousness of self-similarity of
        the modular group.  even mandelbrot's most recent book,
        published in 2004, doesn't breath a word of this.
        this paper develops the takagi or blancmange curve as
        a fractal curve that transforms under the three-dimensional
        representation of the modular group. it then shows how to
        build higher-dimensional representations out of the bernoulli
        polynomials.

    continued fractions
        and gaps provides a very curious function that is
        discontinuous on the rationals and whose discontinuities
        seem to be perfectly randomly distributed. i find this
        to be a rather dramatic result, possibly because i've never
        heard of such a thing before.  i've stared at a lot of fractals
        and space-filling curves, but nothing like this.

    annotations
        to abramowitz & stegun
        includes a set of annotations to the classic handbook of
        mathematical functions, including new integrals over
        bessel functions, and some sums over the riemann zeta function.

    gap
        theory develops some basic relationships between continued
        fractions, fractals and farey numbers.

    actually, i (now) know many fields of math, everything from
        string theory (well, affine lie groups) to category theory,
        homology to mathematical logic, algebraic topology to
        differential geometry, quantum field theory and gravitation.
        and i'm proud of that. don't believe me?  here's a list of over
        400
        wikipedia math articles that i've edited; you can check
        the revision history of these articles to see what i wrote.
    


political, economic and social screeds
some short essays that seemed to be important to write, during the
    first decade of the 2000's. these are ... of a certain bygone era.
    most of these are just sly, corrosive expressions of anger and
    hostility, lashing out at events beyond my control.
    
american political
        unreality, 2008. yes, politicians are from outer
        space, and they arrived in a flying saucer called "journalism".
        how can you tell?  they focus on everything except what is
        actually important.

    
why did bush promote warrant-less wiretapping? why is obama
        continuing these bush policies?  i can guess why, and i really
        don't like it. stop illegal
        spying!.

    
wikipedia needs new leadership!  i used
        to have
        
        various essays about the structural and cultural
        problems in wikipedia, and the things that could be done to
        solve them. these were posted on my
        wp
        user page.  unfortunately, the malicious and stupid
        leadership there found these so offensive that they deleted
        the essays.  boo-yah! so now my profile is just soo
        very squeaky-clean and totally inoffensive.  to anyone,
        that is, except me.  you might never guess that i'd been
        raped by the admins there.  woo hoo!  go wikipedia!
        



        this is your brain on drugs
        explores drug use in america today, and the political
        forces wrestling with this social problem.
    

        labour of love - the volunteer economy
        free-market economists, thinkers and pundits (correctly)
        champion the power of free markets to create a better world.
        yet if one opens a history book, it is hard to find
        a historical figure that was motivated by greed.
        both prominent and emerging social and economic institutions
        are marked by excellence due volunteer, freely donated
        efforts, rather than wealth accumulation.  when will
        we recognize the economic benefits of channelling
        this powerful force with social, political and governmental
        norms?
    

        free software ~ free trade?
        an examination of the powerful economic forces driving the
        acceptance of free software/open source in corporations
        and businesses.  when we realize that free software is
        not just a (political) philosophy, or a social or anthropological
        movement, but an economic force akin to the removal of
        trade barriers, we can finally understand why its adoption
        by corporations promises to be a sea-change in the
        way that software is used.   reviews a business case study
        of a very large, failed technology project.   if you thought
        the internet was big ... this is bigger.
    

        decss: consumer politics in the 21st century
        a moral/sociological/legal diatribe about the immorality
        and evil ethics of the digital millennium copyright act
        (dmca) and the corporations that wish to squish human
        endeavor in the name of the protection of intellectual
        property.
    

        open source and code quality
        the relationship between the software worker and the software
        means of production leads to fundamentally new economic forces
        that will change the very nature of the software industry.
    
banned!
        a collection of outlaw computer technology, harvested from the
        net.  why would i mirror such dangerous and subversive material?
        in order to protect my personal freedoms -- and yours. seems that
        greed and lust for power -- happily wrapped in the flags of "free
        enterprise" and "democracy", continue to lie at the root of many
        political and social evils and ills.
    



    linux enterprise computing
a snapshot of what linux tech looked like in the late 1990's.
    i was very, very interested in promoting linux in the business
    world, back then. i wanted it to succeed wildly! (and it did!)
    these pages attempted to provide a compendium of references,
    resources and a guide to prominent free software systems and
    technologies, from the corporate computing perspective.  topics
    include:
    


        linux project management and bug tracking tools.
         

        sql and other databases for linux.
        

        linux raid solutions.
         

        linux network address translation solutions.
         

        linux software raid howto.
         

        network management tools for linux.

        linux x.25 and frame relay products and vendors.

        linux cluster, parallel & multi processing info. 

        isdn to ethernet bridge/router info (& other isdn info)


my free software projects
i've worked on many free software projects.
    below are some of my favorites, with a more complete list
    here. my
    ohloh account
    provides details and statistics for some of my more recent,
    active projects.

    
the opencog project
        aims to build a free, open-source artificial general
        intelligence.  tall order. we've barely scratched the
        surface.
    the cmu
        link grammar parser is a natural language parser.
        its english-language dictionary contains over 70k words,
        and it is a pretty powerful and robust system. i've fixed
        a many bugs in it, expanded parse coverage significantly,
        and even hacked a quickie lithuanian grammar for it:

linkparser> atvažiavom į sodžių.
found 1 linkage (1 had no p.p. violations)
  unique linkage, cost vector = (unused=0 dis=0 and=0 len=1)

     +----li----+
     |     +-dg-+-xp-+
     |     |    |    |
atvažiavom į sodžių  .

relex
        is a semantic relationship extractor for the english language.
        it is built on top of the cmu link grammar parser, and
        outputs a semantic feature graph of parsed sentences.
        i didn't create relex, but i extended bits and pieces of it.

    gnotime,
        the gnome time tracking tool.  a desktop to-do list
        utility for tracking how much time you've spent working
        on a project.  includes a flexible invoice generator
        for billing clients for time & services.

    esa/390 linux
        linux on a mainframe?  you bet your booties.  no, this is not
        a stupid trick; the mainframes is the most powerful and advanced
        cpu architecture on the planet, and it makes sense to put
        linux on it.  as a practical matter,  linux on the mainframe
        can bring the cost of computing down to a level below other high-end
        unix platforms from sun, sgi and hp.  of theoretical interest,
        the extension of some of the
        principles of vm to unix systems
        in general could greatly and fundamentally alter ideas about
        computer security, partitioning and performance.
        this is not your father's mvs.

    gcc/egcs -- the mainframe i370 back end for the gcc
        compiler, used to port the linux kernel to the mainframe
        (above).

    binutils -- the mainframe i370 back end for the gas
        assembler, used to port the linux kernel to the mainframe
        (above).

    
        the gnucash personal finance manager
        this is the biggest project i've ever worked on, and you can
        say i started it.  i started by fixing a few bugs in a small
        piece of software called "x-accountant", back in '96 or '97.
        since then, i've put in thousands of hours of work into
        this software
        (yes, that's full time, overtime, evenings and weekends,
        for many years).  along the way, the name changed to
        "gnucash", and its had hundreds of volunteers adding features
        functions, documentation and translations, turning gnucash
        into the leading personal finance management software on
        linux today.  its now included in all major linux
        distributions, and sees downloads in the tens-of-thousands
        whenever a new version is released.

    xbae -- a free table widget for motif. full-featured,
        quite functional.

    gle --
        the gle tubing and extrusion library.  draws
        three-dimensional polycylinders, polycones, surfaces
        of revolution and other shapes, using the opengl
        3d graphics library.

    may -- a distributed processing
        infrastructure (obsolete).  allows worker processes
        to be automatically launched on remote computers,
        data to be parcelled out to them, and the results
        of the computations to be collected.  used to implement
        a distributed (3d graphics) ray-tracer, and also
        a distributed (3d graphics) radiosity algorithm solver.
    


technical ruminations
miscellaneous technical articles and notes.
    
a better way to do seti
        makes the argument that if extra-terrestrials are trying to
        send us a radio message, then they will be using broadband
        spread-spectrum (pseudo-random noise) modulation techniques.
        finding such a signal is much, much harder, but when found,
        it provides a much, much clearer communications channel
        than any other modulation technique.  the et's know this,
        and they know that we know this, and will thus use this
        technique preferentially.  essentially all of the current
        seti searches, while being important so as to rule out
        other methods, are all really looking for the wrong thing.
    
eternity service
        is a commentary on the basic ideas behind napster as viewed
        through the eyes of david gelertner. david chooses not to
        dirty his prognostications with the names of present-day
        technologies.  i do.  they are e-rights, distributed.net, and
        eternity service, all mashed into one.
    

        a digression on artificial life and cellular automata
        this web page is a very long diary of a set of experiments that
        were run in the early 90's with a collection of cellular automata.
        the automata were designed to have a 'genetic code' that was
        shared between cooperating individuals.  by cooperating (or not)
        individual cells could (and did) self-organize into 'symbiotic'
        plant-like structures.  lots of interesting stuff was seen.
        never attempted to write this up for publication; i should have.
        nuts.
    


philosophical ruminations
sophomoric, half-baked, incoherent, nutty ideas, most of which
    have probably already been better-expressed in some top-ten
    selling book.  these include, but are not limited to:
    

        the origins of quantum mechanics
        an attempt to re-derive qm (and gr+qft) from first principles.
        i like to think of the present as a wave-front where the liquid
        future freezes into a solid past. mathematically, the past is
        a sheaf or a topos, the future is a pre-sheaf, not yet glued
        together, and the gluing axioms happen at the surface of
        light-cones. qm is that fluid thing that lives near the present,
        where space-time itself is being glued together; the
        indeterminacy of qm is the not-yet-glued-ness.  or something
        like that. this and many other ideas and possibilities are
        explored.
    
        the origin of time, quantum mechanics, and free will
        a nutty digression that asserts that quantum mechanics is
        a side-effect of planck-scale physics, rather than something
        innate.
    
        in the beginning was the word
        an unfinished defense of the platonic interpretation of
        mathematics.  mathematics does not exist solely in the
        heads of humans, but in and of itself.  indeed, even the
        almighty god does not have the power to change the value
        of pi (which, i believe, is a statement about god, and not
        about pi).
    
        a digression on the non-computability of thought
        something about incoherent, irrational clocks powering
        parallel turing machines.
    free will and determinism
        an very weak (and ultimately failed) attempt to disentangle free will
        and consciousness from physical (newtonian) determinism.
     heidegger's fundamental
         question, some sophomoric notes.
         ties together some of the essays above.
    

my weblog
this is the output of my new experimental note-taking and
    publishing and general-diary tool,
    gnotime.
    we'll see how easy, scalable, effective this tool really is.
    or, how dis-interested i am in using it ...
    
    the good stuff is in the form of letters:
    
letter from sofia,
        bulgaria, august 1997
letter from sofia,
        bulgaria, september 1997
letter from vilnius,
        lithuania, august 2004


employment history
references pertaining to the various jobs i've held,
    and what i did while i worked there.  in reverse chronological
    order.  here's a circa-2008 resume.
    

        an airline flight reservation system
        i founded teleport travel, and was bought out by intransco,
        where i served as chief technology officer.
        more work, for less money, at an internet startup.
        developed  the prototype entirely by myself.
        teleport travel was the very first on the
        'net (spring/summer 1995) with an actual functioning
        airline reservation system, never mind that it worked
        better, and had a nicer user interface than many/most travel
        res systems today.  an unhappy experience in the end, as
        this was a dot-com that dot-bombed.  i shoulda been a
        billionaire by now, but it turns out (duhh) that superior
        technology has no correlation to success.  its all
        about the management, the ceo, the board of directors.
        i was unable to control the company, and was bitter about
        it for a long time -- my baby was taken away from me.
        anyway, the actual technology does live on at
        travelstoremaker.com,
        and some good friends still work there.
    
opengl
        and vrml.
        i worked at ibm as the opengl(tm) architect for many years,
        participating in a variety of technical and marketing activities
        surrounding the rs/6000 hardware, operating system software,
        and 3d graphics subsystem.
        
        besides creating the above web pages in a fit of marketing mania,
        i've written some technical articles:
        

            extending vrml for panoramic images

            software opengl: architecture and implementation

            programming in opengl

            integration of gl with the x window system




formal schooling

    i was lucky, and got a very good education.
    
phd theoretical physics, suny at stony brook.
        thesis advisors (i had two!):
        andrew
        d. jackson and
        alfred
        s.  golhaber. thesis: chral models of the nucleon.
        my thesis was a "staple": a collection of five published papers.
        here they are:
        

            two phase models of baryons and the chiral casimir effect -
            vepstas, l. et al. phys.lett. 140b (1984) 280-284
        
            justifying the chiral bag,
            linas vepstas, a.d. jackson physics reports volume 187,
            issue 3, march 1990, pages 109-143
        
            baryon observables in the chiral bag model,
            a.d. jackson, d.e. kahana, linas vepstas, henri verschelde,
            eberhard wust, nuclear physics a 462(4):661-686 · february 1987 
        
            the baryon density in chiral bag models,
            linas vepstas, a.d. jackson, nuclear physics a
            481(4):668-678 · may 1988
        
            properties of six-quark clusters in the topological chiral
            soliton model, e.wüst, g.e.brown, a.d.jackson,
            l.vepstas, nuclear physics a, volume 456, issue 4, 25 august
            1986, pages 621-628.
        

my first job!
        
        dr. john simpson hired me to work on
        
        pioneer 10/11 charged particle instrument
        data analysis programs for my first paying
        computer programming job, thirty years ago.  these are now
        the farthest spacecraft from our solar system.
        goodbye pioneer 10/11!
    

        university of chicago
        ab physics. class of `80. i was ranked third, out of a class of
        about 50. the kid who was ranked first was home-schooled, and
        was maybe about 16 when he got his degree. he did not attend
        classes with us; we never laid eyes on him.  i wonder if he
        grew up famous, or not.  which made me the youngest, attending
        regular classes. i was 20 when i finished college.
        a girl was ranked second.  i wish i could remember her name.
        i'd like to talk to her.  the list itself is lost in
        the sands of time.
    

        morgan park academy
        class of `76. i was young and wild, then.
    



    web site mirrors and

    more web site mirrors
a random assortment of mirrored web sites. i mirrored these
    because at some point in time i thought their content was
    interesting, and they seemed to be at risk of disappearing
    forever... and some of them have ... this is my attempt to
    archive some of these, for some distant future rainy day.



    vintage netscape navigator
some vintage copies of netscape navigator, v1.0n, v1.1 beta 1 and v2.0,
    for linux/x86.  these are circa 1994-1995. the binaries still run on
    my machine.


rowing


    a really great photo of me at the 2009 pumpkinhead 5k head race
    (7:45am 31 october 2009). peter hoffmann in stroke, we're enroute
    to the starting line.  during the race, we ran the boat aground
    (into a pollution control barrier), got completely hung up,
    lost a few minutes trying to get underway again, and still
    managed to win the race!
    

    training video, with coach's chase-boat in pursuit.
    


may 5, 2011, calm day,
        easy boat.
    april 2011, double w/
        peter hoffman; strong headwind & big waves.
    april 2011, double w/
        peter hoffman; strong tailwind, calm water.
    may 12, 2011, quad w/
        sue carter, connie, sommers, row by pairs.

stick figure
    body prep by flip luisi.
    

lietuva
taip, aš kalbu lietuviškai. parašykite!

panevėžys
taip, tevas iš panevežio.

veps
dabarmėtiniais laikais gyvena apie 6000-12000 kalbėtoju kalbos
'veps', ant rusijos-finlandijos sieno, karelijoje. man šove į galvą,
ar gali būti, kad, sakykime, prieš 5-10 generacijiu, gal koks žmogus,
o gal visa šeima ar giminyste, atvažiavo iš karelijos, ir apsigyveno
lietuvoje? nu, karelija ne taip jau toli nuo lietuvos. jeigu taip
tikrai iškylo ta keista pavarde 'vepštas', tai tas primas 'veps'
negalėjo atkeliauti ilgiau negu prieš 10 generaciju (200 metu),
nes vepštai nepaplite po visa lietuva; bet irgi ne greičiau
negu 5 generacijas, nes yra šimtai vepštu. tai ... ar galėtu būti?

finlandijoi randama pavarde 'vepsalainen'. dagiau apie
veps.

my goddess
jewelry
please buy some of this beautiful jewelry!


donations

if you like me, or anything i wrote or did or said, send bitcoin!
seriously. i'm a shmuck like everyone else; i need money.  its not
like capitalism is going away any time soon.



1mjcve8a4skdqbbxsf8rej9uvpzfujqhnz



or send monero to this ridiculuously long address:

89amxayjcnig18wfdbzehmu8q6b2kyyqqyileqnytvtdlwt
awgnhpvxhypo2ygcy3p1f2iqifi6zpqufy4n95jo8vqsbnvt

one qr-code is worth 96 letters:






 
started in 1995, last updated december 2018 

linasvepstas@gmail.com

sanlight status reports -
novamente status reports -
hanson robotics docker containers -
language learning databases


