
















u.s.-based copper wire manufacturer | wire products | kris-tech
























 























products




wire products
view our full list of wire products with the ability to sort by industry application and wire type.
view




kris-tech total tracer wire solution
for top location accuracy and durability we offer a complete range of tracer wire solutions.
view




electrical utilities & transmission
explore copper wire products manufactured specifically for electrical utilities.
view




tray cable hub
explore our line of tray cables designed for industrial, commercial, and direct burial applications.
view




renewable energy
kris-tech's pv wire solutions keep your solar ebos operating efficiently.
view


resources

product spec sheetstray cable buildertray cable color code tablesconductor conversion table
copper pricingblogabout

industriesservicesour culturecareersnewsmeet the teamcontact
get a quote
en


es (español)
 























the wire you need, when you need it.
when your project comes down to the wire, we deliver what you need – with industry-best lead times and a customer service team that responds within 30 minutes.
get a quote, fast!





copper wire manufacturer

315-339-5268







featured products
choose a wire product to view a spec sheet.










xptc tray cable #14-10 awg shielded xhhw/pvc
industrial











copper hmwpe tracer wire
utility











rhw-2/use-2 600v and 2kv
industrial, renewable energy, electrical transmission











hmwpe cathodic protection cable
utility




view all products












tracer wire products
we offer a complete range of tracer wire solutions
view all products




 





the kris-tech difference
when you need wire fast, consider us your go-to team. we are a wire manufacturer that backs up our quality wire with responsive customer service and the best lead times in the industry.






same-day quotes







industry-best lead times







fast delivery







premium customer service







made in the us







40 years experience




















over the years i always appreciate kris-tech's quick responses, follow up and customer care... they are the best!
bo mccoy, purchasing manager, cal-duct inc.


kris-tech is my go to for quick turnaround wire needs, especially on xhhw. kat is extremely knowledgeable and her service is excellent!
brad juszak, senior account manager, consolidated electrical distributors


kris-tech is always there when i need them, they are a great partner to have.
larry maitland, senior account manager, main electric


as a customer for 20+ years, i can say that kris-tech's service has been outstanding in both customer service and production. if there ever is a hiccup (which is not often), they are responsive to not only our needs but the needs of our customers and work hard to resolve the situation.
natalie childress, procurement specialist, bk corrosion, llc


our location opened at the end of 2021, and from the beginning have received nothing but wonderful support from kris-tech wire. lisa and the team have been responsive, reliable, and flexible, assisting in supporting some awesome solar projects. it doesn’t hurt that they bring the energy, which makes ordering pv wire exciting!
sean, greentech renewables


with competitive lead times, availability, and responsiveness, kris-tech has been a huge part of our success. lisa napelitano has gone above and beyond to work with us on new product development and ensure all unique customer requirements are met. i firmly believe communication is key in any manufacturing relationship, and kris-tech does a phenomenal job with this.   after visiting their site in rome, ny, it's clear kris-tech truly values its employees. their facility is meticulous, clean, and very well organized. every reel they make is highly inspected by the quality department. this may explain why we've had zero quality or shipping issues.  hands down, kris-tech is a great supplier to work with!
alycia, wesco







customize your order
if you need more than standard stock wire, we’ve got you covered. we can provide value added customization services such as wire paralleling, wire cabling, dyeing, packaging options and more.
learn more


 




the copper blog









“why is my wire so fat?” or why wire thickness matters  > 






solar pv wire vs use-2 wire: what’s the difference?  > 






10 electrical conduit types and their applications   > 






3 ways electrical distributors are investing in tech  > 






30+ tools electrical distributors should use to boost digital marketing efforts  > 













have a question? need a quote?
get in touch and we’ll respond within 30 minutes during business hours – every time.


 



 






kris-tech cares
we believe happy employees lead to happy customers. that’s why we focus heavily on creating a positive, fun company culture to ensure all members of our staff are happy, healthy, and living their best lives. we also believe it’s simply the right thing to do.
learn more



























proudly made in the usa
founded in 1984











kris-tech gulf coast
11102 beltline roadhouston tx 77067
346-299-5950





kris-tech east coast
80 otis streetrome ny 13441
315-339-5268




get a quote





products
blog
careers
resources
line card
about
contact
 






© 2025 kris-tech wire
privacy policy 
terms & conditions 





















































