






opencl.org – the community site


































		skip to content	








opencl.org
the community site








    menu	
home
about
projects  

developer manual
gegl – opencl in gimp


coding  

languages  

c
c++
julia
vulkan


templates  

cl-basic
cl-compute
cl-image-gl


libraries  

clmathlibraries


plugins  

complexmath


tools  

gpuverify
clsmith
oclgrind
uclbench




hardware vendors  

amd
arm
intel
imagination
nvidia
qualcomm
texas instruments
verisilicon
xilinx


blog  

latest
submit news


cloud













home


welcome to the opencl.org website. here you’ll find ways to improve yourself by learning more about opencl and ways to improve opencl by working on various projects.








sponsors



your next partner in building high performance code.








blog







posted on 5 december 2017 
job: gpgpu real-time big data scientist 

astron, the netherlands escience center, and the university of amsterdam have started alert, the apertif lofar exploration of the radio transient sky. alert aims to identify the highly compact astrophysical explosions powering fast radio bursts (frbs). to accomplish this challenging goal, we recently built a dedicated gpu supercomputer of world top 100 class. it reduces, … 
continue reading “job: gpgpu real-time big data scientist”





posted on 1 december 20171 december 2017 
c to c++ kernel porting guidelines 

this document is a set of guidelines for developers who know opencl c and plan to port their kernels to opencl c++, and therefore they need to know the main differences between those two kernel languages. the focus is not on highlighting all the differences, but rather on exposing and explaining those that are the … 
continue reading “c to c++ kernel porting guidelines”





posted on 17 may 201717 may 2017 
what do the online media say about the new opencl 2.2 and spir-v 1.2? 

you’ve seen the news everywhere. opencl 2.2 and spir-v are out there! see below what the online media had to say about it. pc perspective | khronos group published finalized opencl 2.2 & spir-v 1.2 “aligning with the start of the international workshop on opencl (iwocl) 2017 in toronto, ontario, canada, the khronos group has … 
continue reading “what do the online media say about the new opencl 2.2 and spir-v 1.2?”










about


opencl needs work. we can complain, but better is to just fix it.
opencl.org is all about opencl. its main goal is to make the language and its ecosphere stronger, by providing useful info and supporting porting-projects.
the site is initiated by stream hpc, but it’s run by the opencl community.
project leaders

opencl.org: stream hpc team
coding: stream hpc team
tools: stream hpc team
vendors: stream hpc team
gegl: tbd
man-pages: tbd

(edit this webpage on github) 









linkedin  
twitter  
facebook  
email  
 


		proudly powered by wordpress	













































































































































































