












dan's garage - dansgarage.net










































skip to content




dansgarage.net
collectable & restorable chevrolet & gm cars, trucks, & parts from the 40’s to the 80’s



menu


new arrivals
buick

apollo
electra
lesabre
regal
riviera
roadmaster
skylark / gran sport
special
super
wildcat/centurion
buick parts cars


cadillac

allante
de ville
eldorado
fleetwood & 60 special
series 62
seville
cadillac parts cars


chevrolet

bel air
biscayne
camaro
caprice
cavalier
chevelle / malibu
corvair / monza
delray
el camino
impala
monte carlo
nova
vega
special chevys
chevy parts cars


oldsmobile

88 / 98
cutlass / 442
omega
starfire
toronado
oldsmobile parts cars


pontiac

bonneville
catalina
firebird
grand am
grand prix
lemans / gto
sunbird
ventura
pontiac parts cars


g-body
trucks

chevy truck
gmc truck
vans/campers/buses
chevy & gmc parts trucks


wagons
oddballs
 




menu










dan’s garage 

what is dan’s garage?   
“dan’s garage… it’s kind of like an amusement park, only all the rides are broken!”  
“it’s not a repair shop, it’s a wrecking yard.” says dan stafford, owner of dan’s garage. dan has always had a soft spot for collectible cars. he has restored and rebuilt camaro and firebird cars for years.

“in the process, i built up a number of parts-cars to help with the restorations,” he explained. “but i found that it was a lot easier selling the parts than the cars.”  “i outgrew my backyard and had an opportunity to rent an old building and a little bit of property,” he said. “it’s almost a vintage building. it was the 1954 union 76 gas station where i used to air up my bike tires when i was a kid.”  


the 200 plus project cars listed on the website represent the tip of the automotive iceberg.  dans garage has over 500 parts cars in the wrecking yard (see tour the yard) as well as buildings full of parts. and of course the traditional old 40’s era school bus for storing seats and interior parts.
that’s the evolution of dan’s garage, in kennewick, washington. located on 2.5 acres and in the same location since 1981. today, it’s primarily a one-man operation. the business specializes in older, collectible, general motors (muscle) cars from the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s, and 1980’s but has a few oddballs, too.






“there are not a whole lot of similar businesses, maybe a half dozen in the state,” acknowledged stafford. “we try to do a good job of helping people find parts to finish their projects. what a lot of people run into when they search online is that there is very little early stuff. it’s mostly directed at late model salvage. so someone could be looking for two years for that last piece of the puzzle. they get frustrated. when they find (dan’s garage), they’re thrilled.”  



note:  since the parts at dan’s garage are so old, stafford simply carries warranties that specify the parts are the correct part. the business offers local delivery for cars but dan also ships cars and parts all over the world. the smaller purchases go by us mail, bigger items by truck freight or greyhound bus, and some cars by transport truck. 








search for:



find dan 508 e. bruneau ave.
kennewick, wa 99336
(509) 586-2579 
e-mail: d51_biggarage@yahoo.com 
                                                                

dan’s garage & the yard are open by appointment only.
contact dan for shipment
arrangements or more info.
or visit us on ebay…
    dan’s vintage gm garage
                                                                
normal business hours:
   tuesday – friday   10-6
   saturday   10-3
   closed sunday & monday

find more info tour the yard
classic car stories
vintage car art
privacy policy & terms of use
                                                                

visa, master card & discover credit cards accepted
                                                                
back to home

find your car new arrivals to dansgarage.net
                                                                
buick 
cadillac 
chevrolet 
oldsmobile 
pontiac
                                                                
gm g-platform / g-body
trucks – chevy, gmc, vans & parts
station wagons
oddballs – everything else


can't find what you're looking for?check out dan's new arrivals, too!







 
classic  car  stories…
“washington orchard yields bumper crop of classic cars“(by fox news network, llc)
read more…

 

 german swing band big nose bus adventurefollow the adventures of the german swing band, gi jive, from dan’s garage to galveston, tx where big nose took it’s solo journey to germany.
read more…


information subject to change without notice.  all images on this site are protected by copyright laws and the property of the respective photographer. unauthorized use is prohibited.
 

 1964 chevy impala – the rusty car award from coos bay, oregon
read more…





				©
				2025 
				dansgarage.net 
				















