










home - newport resort - the official property website















































brand logo



homesuitesthe resortlocationactivitiesphotoscontact usowners portal



toggle line
toggle line
toggle line







close




homesuitesthe resortactivitiesphotoslocationcontact usowners portal



social















home




about the resort
newport resort features one and two-bedroom suites providing picturesque views, all while placing you within walking distance to everything egg harbor has to offer!

indoor heated pool
whirpool tub
fitness room 
indoor & outdoor childrens play areas 
outdoor pool - memorial day - labor day 











your stay
all of our door county suites feature private covered balconies, a fully equipped kitchen, a gas log fireplace , and complimentary high-speed wireless internet.
suites




fun local activities in our community of egg harbor!
activities
located in the center of the door county peninsula near popular attractions, parks, restaurants, venues, and theaters. no matter what the season, there is always something to do in door county! check out some of the activities located near newport resort!








bike rides
door county features great biking trails and scenic back roads. if you are interested in an organized ride click below to see the current schedule. 
events 







concerts nearby 
newport resort is in a great location to enjoy music. we are right next door to the peg egan performace center, waling distance to the concerts int he park and just a short drive from birch creek performance center. 
schedule 







running events
door county has many great trails and organized running events. check the link for the event to suit you ability
events 







explore egg harbor
egg harbor is home to many wonderful restaurants, breweries, unique shops, and beatiful sunsets. click ther link below for the calndar of events for egg harbor!
annual events 







visit our lighthouses
learn about door county's maritime heritage 
learn more







there is so much to see and do! 




door county events
a years worth of awesome events and activities make your egg harbor, door county vacation special. 
event calendar







get ready for adventure
view our packages for exclusive offers only available on our website!
schedules 








if you wish to receiveour newslettersubscribe
click here




footer logo

address

7888 church st. 
egg harbor, wisconsin 54209 united states



contacts
+1 920-868-9900
stay@newportresort.com

social





homesuiteslocal activitiesthe resortowners portaltripadvisorinstagramfacebooktwitter























