









home - fraser health authority





home - fraser health authority

















 









current outbreaks 

news 

careers 

medical staff 

employees 

research 

capital projects 

ask fraser 
















 





menu 



search 






health topics 

patients and visitors 

locations and services 

care in your community 










                        search
                    




















health concern? get care now.contact our team by phone or web chat.learn morefraser health emergency department wait times available online.view emergency department wait timesour digital health transformationimproving patient and provider experiencelearn moreget help for mental health and substance use concerns.get numbers to calltwo shots, one goalget immunized for flu and covid-19learn more 

 







temporary service adaptation - mission memorial hospitaldue to physician staffing challenges a temporary service adaption will be in place at mission memorial hospital, between saturday, august, 10 at 6:00 p.m. to sunday, august 11, at 8:00 a.m. during this time, emergency-trained nurses will continue to be on site and available to support walk-in patients needing basic first aid, assist with re-direction of care, and/or transfer patients with urgent needs to a neighbouring hospital.  











how can we help? 





ask fraser: your digital health care navigator 





view emergency department wait times 





connect to an indigenous health liaison 





book a lab services appointment 







get your drugs checked 





find mental health resources 





learn about options for maternity care 





take the patient experience survey 







browse all services 
 











better health care, together. 



our hospital and community-based services are delivered by a team of 48,000+ staff, medical staff and volunteers dedicated to serving our patients, families and communities. 



learn more 





 


 







the  of health care to more than two million people from burnaby to boston bar. 



see more locations 









 









news 



temporary service interruption at mission memorial hospital emergency departmentfebruary 15, 2025fraser health advises mission and surrounding area residents that due to physician staffing challenges at mission memorial hospital, fraser health is implementing a temporary service interruption beginning at 7:00 p.m. on saturday, february 15 to sunday, february 16 at 8:00 a.m.  





see more news 







events 





feb20emergency medicine physicians virtual open houseare you a practicing physician looking to make a career move? we're looking for emergency medicine physicians to join our team in providing patient-centered care across fraser health. 

feb20question, persuade and refer (qpr): suicide prevention educationlearning about suicide intervention and prevention can help you to save a life. 

feb24clinical dietitians - virtual job fairjoin our virtual event on monday, february 24 to learn about clinical dietitian opportunities across the fraser health region. 





see more events 























the  of health care 







 



 



 



 



 
 


 







we recognize that fraser health provides care on the traditional, ancestral and unceded lands of the coast salish and nlaka’pamux nations and is home to 32 first nations within the fraser salish region. 
fraser health is dedicated to serving all indigenous people, and honours the unique cultures of the first nations, métis and inuit living within the fraser salish region. 





ask fraser 


 





about us 





about fraser health 

capital projects 

leadership 

news 

accountability 

awards and recognition 

events 

patient care quality office 

compliments and complaints 

heart to heart 

contact us 







information for 





contractors and consultants 

daycare operators 

indigenous people 

job seekers 

licensed care facilities and assisted living providers 

restaurant operators 

students 

teachers and principals 

volunteer opportunities 







for staff 





computer and employment resources 

clinical resources 

employee newsletter 

payroll information 

webmail access 























hospitals 







abbotsford regional hospital and cancer centre 

burnaby hospital 

chilliwack general hospital 

delta hospital 

eagle ridge hospital 









fraser canyon hospital 

jim pattison outpatient care and surgery centre 

langley memorial hospital 

mission memorial hospital 

ridge meadows hospital 









peace arch hospital 

royal columbian hospital 

surrey memorial hospital 

















©2022 fraser health authority 





privacy statement 

warranty disclaimer 

browsers 







 











 




 









x


cookies help us improve your website experience.
by using our website, you agree to our use of cookies.


confirm




x


cookies help us improve your website experience.
by using our website, you agree to our use of cookies.


confirm


 

