ask ifas - powered by edisskip to main contentifas extensionuniversity of floridasearch linkloginmenumenuhomeaboutexpertstopicsunitspublicationssearchwelcome to ask ifassearchwhat's newdid you know?previousnextrecent & revised publicationsusing the fda’s fish and fishery products hazards and controls guidance to develop haccp plans for fish and fisheries productsrazieh farzadthis ask ifas document is the third in the seafood guide series and provides information to the seafood industry on how to develop a seafood haccp plan effectively. written by razieh farzad, and published by the uf/ifas department of food science and human nutrition, february 2025.the florida handbook of solid and hazardous waste regulation: introductionmichael t. olexa and christopher hillcircular 1139 helps floridians recognize which agricultural and household activities may involve solid and hazardous wastes. it also provides an introduction to the agencies and statutes that govern solid and hazardous waste disposal. integrated pest management in the home series: does your head itch? facts about head licenelly nelson, luann duncan, jenny rodriguez, katherine allen, karen stauderman, lisa hamilton, and faith oimy head is itchy… could i have head lice? what are head lice? how do people get them? how do people inspect for them? how can people treat head lice? what should schools do about head lice? will pesticides work? will home remedies work? what can happen?!

integrative pest management in the home to the rescue!

the ipm at home series is a county faculty initiative intended to provide answers to frequently asked questions about household pests. this publication answers common questions about head lice. aimed at the general public and delivered in a friendly, matter-of-fact style, it is intended to allay fears and provide practical help for people experiencing a common—and fortunately eminently solvable—problem.unlocking the potential of technology: estimating nitrogen requirement in corn using optical sensorslakesh k. sharma, diego a. h. de s. leitão, and hardeep singhin the domain of agriculture, the application of optical sensing technology has become increasingly prevalent in the assessment of corn grain production. however, it is notable that comprehensive research endeavors addressing the efficacy of employing the normalized difference vegetation index (ndvi) as a predictive tool for corn grain yield in the specific context of florida remain limited. to address this gap in knowledge, a dedicated study focusing on nitrogen (n) rates was meticulously designed in 2022. the primary objective of this study was to provide critical insights and empirical evidence to both our extension agents and the community of corn farmers. its overarching aim is to elucidate the practical utility of ndvi sensors in forecasting crop output and facilitating precise estimations of n requirements.understanding metrics for communicating the economic importance of florida’s fisheries part ii: quantifying market activityrobert botta, christa d. court, andrew ropicki, and edward v. campunderstanding the economic importance of fisheries and coastal resources is vitally important for making good management decisions that affect human communities, local businesses, and environmental and ecological sustainability. this publication is the second part in a three-part series summarizing different economic metrics used in a fisheries context. the first in the series provides an overview. this second publication focuses on regional economic methods used to quantify market activity. it provides a discussion of the most relevant terms and analyses as well as a brief discussion of how one might proceed with a regional economic analysis that would provide these types of measures for florida’s fisheries as well as aquaculture and coastal resources. it is intended to assist management agencies and extension agents, as well as the interested public, who seek to understand the metrics associated with quantifying market activity.leading teams #6: performingcarrie n. baker, sarah a. bush, laura l. greenhaw, matthew gold, and rachel bidermanas a part of the leading teams series, this article explains the performing stage of group development. this article discusses how extension team leaders and members can produce results during this stage and provides practical recommendations for enhancing team performance and outcomes. written by carrie n. baker, sarah a. bush, laura l. greenhaw, matthew gold, and rachel biderman, and published by the uf/ifas department of agricultural education and communication, february 2025.soybean cyst nematode, heterodera glycines (ichinohe, 1952) (chromadorea: rhabdita: heteroderidae)holly andres and zane j. grabauthe nematode heterodera glycines, known as soybean cyst nematode (scn), is the most economically damaging pest of soybean crops in the united states and around the world. members of the heteroderidae family belong in the order tylenchida; most are plant parasitic while some are insect parasites. they are obligate parasites that attack different species of crops and weeds. heteroderidae are divided into two groups: cyst and cystoid based on morphological alterations in their skin. the cyst group are unique in that the female skin changes, transforming into a hardened cyst that protects her eggs. unlike many plant parasites, there may be little to no aboveground evidence of an infestation with h. glycines. they are extremely damaging to the agricultural economy and impossible to eradicate once established, but with proper management, it is possible to minimize h. glycines populations and maximize yield.identification, biology, and management of goosegrass [eleusine indica (l.) gaertn.] in florida turfgrassespawel petelewicz and gregory e. macdonaldthis publication is a tool to aid turfgrass professionals, extension specialists, and clientele in the identification and management of goosegrass in florida turfgrasses. written by pawel petelewicz and gregory e. macdonald, and published by the uf/ifas department of agronomy, february 2025.diagnóstico de preñez en ganado de carnemaria camila lopez duarte, kalyn waters, nick simmons y angela gonellaeste documento está dirigido a productores de ganado de carne, trabajadores del campo y agentes de extensión con el propósito de brindar información sobre los métodos de detección y diagnóstico de preñez disponibles en la actualidad. este documento es an394-span, una publicación del department of animal sciences, uf/ifas extension. fecha original de la publicación: enero 2025. calcium fertilization in peanuts: importance, sources, and considerationssatinderpal singh, melinda thoms, hardeep singh, barry tillman, emma matcham, and ethan carterthis article examines the sources of calcium, application rate and timings of these sources, and their effect on peanut growth. the purpose of this article is to share knowledge about calcium fertilization in peanuts among crop advisors, extension agents, and farmers. written by satinderpal singh, melinda thoms, hardeep singh, barry tillman, emma matcham, and ethan carter, and published by the uf/ifas department of agronomy, february 2025.the greenhouse frog (eleutherodactylus planirostris) in the united statesbella gonzalez, faith dunlap, ethan hancock, abbigail johnson, sasha karlsson, mia keriazes, chris landaeta, lana ng, keraj patel, keppler popovich, and steve a. johnsonthis publication summarizes general knowledge about the greenhouse frog, a species introduced and established in the united states. our target audience is primarily homeowners in hawaii and florida where the greenhouse frog is most common, but residents in other southeastern states will also find this publication useful. greenhouse frogs have been documented in several other states in this region and continue to expand their range. homeowners usually encounter greenhouse frogs in their gardens and among potted plants, and sometimes in their swimming pools when the frogs fall in. curious people then seek information on the frog’s identity. our goals are to provide tips on greenhouse frog identification, to show the frog's geographic range in the united states, and to describe its biology and known or potential impacts.dengue and dengue virus in floridayasmin v. ortiz, daniel w. pérez-ramos, eric p. caragata, and panpim thongsripongthis publication provides an overview of dengue fever, focusing on its epidemiological landscape in florida. dengue, caused by dengue virus and transmitted through the bites of infected aedes mosquitoes, is a major global health concern. florida has experienced local dengue transmissions, and the incidence of dengue is increasing in the state. the biology and ecology of the primary vectors, aedes aegypti and aedes albopictus, play  important roles in the disease's transmission cycle. no vaccine and no specific antiviral treatments are yet available, and diagnosis is difficult because dengue symptoms overlap with those of other, similar febrile illnesses. prevention and control strategies, such as mosquito management, are therefore crucial to mitigate disease risks. alongside urbanization, climate change, and globalization, incidence of dengue is increasing in florida. continued vigilance and research will help to combat this public health threat.more...25,000 to 30,000# of bees needed to survive the winter a healthy colony consisting of 25,000 to 30,000 bees is an adequate size for overwintering success. 18,728	pest management jobsthe florida pest management industry accounted for more than 14% of the industry’s establishments in 202165,479u.s. residents have their identity stolen each day this publication is based on the insights of individuals who have been through this experience, researched it in depth, and have attempted to break it down into understandable segments. 13% of peoplefood insecure in the u.s.urban agriculture provides diverse benefits and support to local communities. however, there are also limitations to developing or expanding operations and programs.$4.09 per lb. of nvalue of denitrificationbased on the average wastewater treatment cost of n removal for florida counties. one of the ecosystem functions of living shorelines is enhanced denitrification.new facespreviousnextnew topicspreviousnextschool logo linkfacebook icontwitter iconinstagram iconyoutube iconcontact ifas communicationsp.o. box 110810gainesville, fl 32611edishelp@ifas.ufl.edusite feedback (352) 392-1761 information edis blogbookstoreaccessibilitycopyright land grant mission uf/ifas locationsuf/ifasuf/ifas calsresearchextension for authors information for authorsedis submissionsics editorial servicesabout edis extension publications© 2024 university of floridasitemapdisability servicesprivacy policyanalyticsssn privacy