


florida animal control - tampa, jacksonville, boca raton, fort
      lauderdale, orlando fl




 






















home




services




prices




photos




animal
                            info




about
                            us




faq's




contact
                            us














 








choose
                                      animal








raccoons





squirrels





opossum





armadillo





rats





mice





skunk





moles





ferals





birds





bats





snakes





dead





others



 





home
                                      page
residential
commercial
prices
guarantee
about us
contact us
services
trapping
extermination
repairs
prevention
attic
                                    cleanup
carcass
                                    removal
emergency
                                    calls
photos
damage photos
repair photos
contamination
trapping
                                    photos
nature photos
wild
                                      info
species
habitats
diseases
questions?
locations
orange
                                    county
seminole
                                    county
orlando
boca
                                    raton
fort
                                    lauderdale
west
                                    palm beach
tampa
jacksonville
miami
winter park
longwood
lake mary
windermere
national
                                      directory







 










                                      professional wildlife removal and animal
                                      pest control serving florida - orlando,
                                      tampa, boca raton, jacksonvile 











 




orlando florida animal control
                                            business

                                        24/7 wildlife removal provides a
                                        complete array of pest wildlife services
                                        for residential and commercial property
                                        throughout the greater orlando area,
                                        plus tampa, jacksonville, and boca. we
                                        also provide commercial bat control
                                        & removal state-wide. whether you
                                        have squirrels living in your attic, a
                                        raccoon eating your pet's food, digging
                                        in your yard, a snake in the grass or
                                        bats in the belfry, we can solve the
                                        problem in a speedy and professional
                                        manner. we treat every customer, from
                                        the individual homeowner to the large
                                        corporation with the highest level of
                                        professionalism and attention to detail.
                                        check out this website for a description
                                        of orlando pest control services offered
                                        or to learn about florida's wildlife.











 

animal capture and removal
preventative treatments &
                                              repairs
dead animal removal &
                                              deodorization
emergency 24 hour 7 day service
fully florida licensed &
                                              insured
residential & commercial
                                              service

      







we
                                          operate a full-service wildlife
                                          control company. wild animal removal
                                          is all we do. this is not a standard
                                          orlando pest control company that
                                          simply sprays for insects on a
                                          quarterly basis. we deal with nuisance
                                          wildlife issues only, and we offer
                                          complete and permanent solutions to
                                          the problem. please review some of the
                                          special services that we offer: 





tampa:
                                813-404-7033  -  jacksonville:
                                904-677-5812  -  boca raton:
                                561-331-0224

orlando: 
								  407-233-3838  -  miami: 786-257-0335  -  fort 
								  lauderdale: 954-703-5683




entry
                                          point repairs - we specialize in
                                        wildlife that enter the home, usually
                                        living in the attic or walls of a house.
                                        the only way to permanently solve the
                                        problem is to seal up the entry points
                                        by which they can enter. all of our
                                        repairs are of the highest quality and
                                        fully guaranteed against animal
                                        re-entry.

attic
                                          decontamination - wild animals can
                                        contaminate your attic or home - they
                                        can bring in parasites, zoonotic
                                        diseases, debris, fur, and they always
                                        leave behind feces, urine, and other
                                        biohazardous waste. it's often important
                                        to fully clean up and decontaminate the
                                        area after animals have been removed.



 


wildlife
                                          trapping - of course we perform
                                        wildlife trapping. most of the time, we
                                        trap and remove wildlife living inside
                                        homes and attics, but we also trap and
                                        remove nuisance wildlife in all sorts of
                                        situations - from raccoons pooping in
                                        pool to armadillos digging under the
                                        house, to snake removal.

building
                                          inspections - we fully inspect
                                        every square inch of your home to find
                                        those animals, and find out how they are
                                        getting inside. on the roof, in the
                                        attic, under the house. this particular
                                        photo is of me crawling under a house to
                                        remove a dead opossum. no matter how
                                        tough or dirty the job, we will do it
                                        right.



 


rat
                                          & mouse control - one of our
                                        specialties is orlando rat control. roof
                                        rats inhabit every nook and cranny of
                                        central florida, and are the most common
                                        animal that enters the home and attic.
                                        we are the absolute best at complete and
                                        permanent removal - safely and within a
                                        short time frame.

bat
                                          colony control - i pride myself on
                                        professional bat control and removal in
                                        the state of florida, and consider
                                        myself one of the country's top experts,
                                        having worked hundreds of jobs, many of
                                        which no other company would or could
                                        take. if you need florida bat removal,
                                        please give me a call, and we will
                                        schedule it.











it
                                          takes a dedicated person with a lot of
                                          experience to do the difficult
                                          wildlife removal jobs correctly - when
                                          you have animals in your building or
                                          attic, it's imperative that all the
                                          animals are removed properly, that all
                                          of the damage is repaired, that all of
                                          the entry points into the home are
                                          permanently sealed, and if necessary,
                                          that the attic is properly cleaned.
                                          this is not the type of work for a
                                          regular pest control company. i offer
                                          extremely fair prices for this
                                          industry: on average less than half
                                          the total charge of the larger
                                          franchise companies who do inferior
                                          work. please call me any time if you
                                          wish to discuss your nuisance wildlife
                                          problem. 



orlando wildlife removal is operated by
                                gregg and ben, servicing orange county fl and
                                seminole county. we service the greater orlando
                                florida area, including apopka, lake mary,
                                sanford, maitland, longwood, oviedo, downtown,
                                ocoee, winter park, conway, doctor phillips,
                                winter garden, and more.  our number is
                                407-233-3838.
tampa wildlife removal is operated by
                                mike. we service hillsborough county and
                                pinellas county and the greater tampa bay
                                region, including of course saint petersburg and
                                clearwater.  our number is 813-404-7033.
boca raton and fort lauderdale wildlife
                                  removal is operated by patrick. we service
                                the se coast of florida, north to west palm
                                beach and south to ft. lauderdale and northern
                                miami.  our number is 561-331-0224.
jacksonville wildlife removal is operated
                                by andrew and austin. we service ne florida,
                                duval and st. john's county, saint augustine,
                                and the whole northeast florida coast . 
                                our number is 904.415.5209.

                                i have personally trained many close friends in
                                the field of nuisance wildlife removal, and they
                                operate in these areas: portland
                                  animal control is run by my friend tim. seattle
                                  animal control is run by my friend and
                                brother-in-law sean. chicago
                                is run by my friends ben and dan. phoenix
                                is run by joe. houston
                                is operated by angie. denver
                                is run by marc. boca
                                  raton and fort
                                  lauderdale are operated by patrick. west
                                  palm beach is run by patrick and steve. tampa
                                is operated by mike. jacksonville
                                is operated by andrew and austin. i personally
                                service central florida, along with gregg and
                                ben. however, we have many friends that we have
                                personally trained, using the same extremely
                                high standards of quality and professionalism in
                                the field of problem animal control. if you need
                                boca raton animal control in west palm beach and
                                fort lauderdale, our friends at wildlife removal
                                service, inc are considered the most skilled
                                critter trappers in southeast florida. mike of
                                all pro wildlife llc in tampa also does
                                excellent work, and he services clearwater and
                                saint petersburg as well. andrew and austin run
                                an excellent operation in jacksonville, fl. all
                                of our companies provide expert wildlife
                                trapping and rodent extermination services, as
                                well as professional bat control, bird exclusion
                                and abatement, and general critter removal,
                                including raccoons, squirrels, snakes,
                                armadillos, opossums, rats, mice, and all
                                wildlife in florida. 

tip of the month: what is a foothold trap? 

                                ea foothold trap is often used by people who were trying to capture animals that can be quite dangerous. these are frequently used for trapping such things as bears or wolves, because of the successful manner in which it is able to hold the leg or foot of the animal, without causing serious damage to it.



in fact, these are the kinds of traps that are used by those who are looking to capture animals without causing them any kind of serious injury. usually these animals wind up in places like zoos or wildlife refuges, and are employed because one of these wild beasts has shown in a location where it is a risk to human beings that lived there.

there are many instances where people have seen coyotes, wolves, bears, and even lions that have mysteriously shown up in a neighborhood, terrifying the people who live there. no one wants to see these animals hurt, and so what is required is a simple trap that you hold the animal for a period of time until wildlife managers are able to come on the scene, tranquilize the animal, and move it to another location. this is where the foothold trap comes into play.

the way that this trap works is fairly simple, and you may have even seen this before. it is attached to a chain which can either be secured into the soil or into some kind of rock or tree so that it cannot be pulled away.

on the other side of the chain is the trap itself. how it works is that the jaws of the device are open, much like opening the mouth of an animal. in the center of the trap is a trigger mechanism that when stepped on causes the jaws to close. they wrap tightly around the leg of the animal, so that it cannot get out. because the other end of the chain is secured through a rock or tree, the animal is stuck there, and cannot get away.

while the animal may suffer some injury to its leg or foot, the damage that is caused is minimal at best. this has become a great trap for capturing a large variety of animals, even human beings sometimes.

unfortunately, there are many instances where a person accidentally stepped in one of these traps and found the jaws closing on their own foot or leg. while it rarely caused any kind of permanent damage to the person, there is no doubt that it sure hurt like heck.

to release the trap there is a mechanism to decide that is released so that the jaws are not locked anymore and will come open to release the animal’s or the human being’s foot. this is a very effective trap in helping to capture an animal. for those of you who may find that there is a dangerous creature around your property, don’t go out and buy this on your own. the truth is that you may be successful but then ask yourself what you will do with the animal afterwards?
 read more about what is a foothold trap?. 






 

















              tel: 407-233-3838   •  
              fax: 407-264-8890   •  
              email: david@247wildlife.com
                •  
              residential & commercial   •  
              licensed & insured   •  
              usa
                trapper list - 50 states 






