





















home - uw–madison police department







































 























safety exit

skip to main content







university of wisconsin–madison








 

uw–madison police department





search










menu
open menu


close





home
staying safe
our services
news & incident reports
equity dashboard
data, policies & resources
work at uwpd
about uwpd
contact us
 












 




for emergencies, dial 911.
emergency lake rescue: (608) 262-3505
non-emergency calls: (608) 264-2677

 
 
 
 


latest updates from uwpd


department newsnew rental scam using qr codesin madison’s hot property market, rental scams are nothing new. but there’s been an increasingly common twist that’s catching some renters off-guard. qr (for quick response) codes – the blocks of black and white squares that our cell phones can easily translate into web links – are more frequently being used legitimately by property companies and landlords. but some bad actors are using similar qr codes to connect unsuspecting renters to their own fraudulent sites. often, these false sites mimic the real ones. their goal:  collect some form of payment, like a deposit or rental fee, as quickly as possible. if the scam goes undetected, the fraudster can continue using the provided financial information for additional unauthorized transactions.december 17, 2024arrests at board of regents meeting12/10/24 update: after reviewing each arrest, it’s been determined that all 19 individuals will each receive a citation for violating uws 18.11(4)(a) assembly – block/obstruct/occupy prohibited signs/noise for intentionally creating a volume of noise that …december 5, 2024electronic device theftby: community officer jeff kirchman electronic device theft is one of the most common crimes reported to uwpd, second only to bicycle theft. this includes laptops, cell phones, and backpacks containing these and other electronic …november 16, 2024lake rescue season concludesthe uwpd lake rescue & safety unit has concluded its 115th season of service on lake mendota. the unit’s calls for service have resulted in over 250 people being helped on the lake this year. …november 16, 2024read more uwpd news 
more

 

incident reportsuwpd investigating string of e-bike and e-scooter theftsfebruary 11, 2025a reason to call home: scammer impersonating uwpd officer targeting parentsjanuary 24, 2025uwpd assists madison fire with ice rescuejanuary 23, 2025hit and run crash in arboretum, driver found by uwpd dronedecember 13, 2024uwpd investigating vandalism at library mallseptember 4, 2024browse all incident reports 
more

 
 
 
 


daily blotterdaily blotter for february 14th 2025 
10:10 pm, other, grainger hall. disposition from 2/13/25 - closing hours violation - contacted person after they were found smoking in the stairwell by custodial staff, detained person after refusing to properly identify themself, cited for possession of alcohol, closing hours, and smoking.
11:35 am, mental health welfare check, location redacted. assisted person experiencing mental health crisis.
3:11 pm, theft/larceny, nicholas recreation center. person reported their black (shiny) aritzia super puff winter jacket had been stolen from a locker in the locker room.
3:21 pm, information, mcburney resource center. received a mandatory report from the office of admission.
4:06 pm, other, chemistry building. uw code violation - contacted person regarding two persons who entered their lecture with a jbl speaker and played music causing a disruption.
5:58 pm, mental health welfare check, location redacted. contacted, transported person to local hospital for medical treatment.
7:42 pm, assist law enforcement agency, local hospital. assisted middleton pd with patient at local hospital.
7:59 pm, other, local hospital. request for assistance - contact with person who reported being struck in the left hand by a phone thrown by another patient.
10:24 pm, assist law enforcement agency, local hospital. assisted mpd with patient brought into emergency room and assisted with family members also arriving at the same time.

view earlier dates
more



the blotter content above represents significant incidents/calls for service from the previous 24 hours, starting at 6 a.m. the prior day.

 
 
 
 


equity dashboard




after more than a year of community meetings, listening to concerns, and collecting feedback, the uw–madison police department is embarking on a one-of-a-kind approach to sharing key data with a focus on racial equity.
the uwpd equity dashboard is the result of a collaboration with community members and stakeholders to develop a unique and powerful tool that promotes transparency and provides a set of success metrics that speak directly to the uwpd’s commitment to equity in policing.
view the dashboard

 
 
 
 




current lake conditions
 
condition details


wind direction



wind speed



air temperature



water temperature



sunset



emergency lake rescue: (608) 262-3505

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
quick linksbadgersafe app
frequently asked questions
staff  directory
work at uwpd
donate to the k9 or mounted fund
2023 annual report


contact us1429 monroe street 
madison, wi 53711 

email: police@uwpd.wisc.edu
phone: 608-264-2677

facebook


x twitter


instagram


youtube

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: police@uwpd.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.















