
















intellectual property rights (ipr) | patents and trademarks - awa
































































 





skip to content



we use cookies at awa.com. by continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies.about cookies on awa.com
ok





 


client portals
 
choose language
english
svenska
dansk
 






about awa

awa’s strengths
awa’s values
management and board
representative clients
awa’s awards and rankings
corporate and social responsibility
memberships
working with awa
testimonials


services

artificial intelligence
brand management and trademarks
china market
designs
dispute resolution and litigation
domain names
ip transactions
patents

unitary patent system


renewals
strategy


people
news

subscribe
annual report


careers

vacant positions
trainee programme
frequently asked questions
curious about working in intellectual property?
professional development


contact

belgium
china
denmark
hong kong
norway
sweden
switzerland
contact form
powers of attorney forms
awa client portals


awa point
 




search for:

















intellectual property from ip law experts
from our offices across europe and asia, we provide clients with strategic advice and durable solutions to secure innovations, protect brands and develop solid intellectual property portfolios.
as industries and sectors become overcrowded, awa helps innovators monetise on intangible assets. as markets become saturated, we help brands differentiate themselves and stand-out.


patents, trademarks, ip legal, design, copyright and domain names
we identify the best combination of intellectual property rights to offer strong protection for our clients including patents, trademarks, ip legal, copyright, domain names and design rights.



capturing ip value
awa focuses on the long-term – building a business is a journey that requires strategy throughout the corporate cycle to protect and enforce ip rights, but to also identity and capture the value of intellectual assets. this strategy is what will support your business as it navigates evolving marketplaces.








services

brand management and trademarksprotecting your brands, enforcing trademarks and creating strategies aligned to your business plan and future direction.
china marketassisting international companies with this key global market or as destination for manufacturing activities.
designsa valuable tool against infringers and copycats, we work with clients to protect the visual appearance of products.
dispute resolution and litigationsupport at every stage of your dispute, drawing on deep technical and sector-specific knowledge.
domain nameswe help you navigate the crowded domain space and ensure this digital asset forms part of your ip portfolio.
ip transactionswe provide strategic assistance with agreements whilst understanding the worth and value of ip to your business.
patentssince 1897 we have worked with some of the world’s greatest innovators to protect patents and use them as a commercial asset.
renewalsmanage all of your intellectual property renewals through our easy-to-use digital tool exclusively for awa clients.
strategya dedicated team focusing on the strategic and commercial aspects of intellectual property.






latest news



05 february 2025
awards and rankings


awa’s trademark practitioners recognised in wtr 1000 – the world’s leading trademark professionals                    



21 january 2025
awards and rankings


chambers lists awa asia in asia-pacific 2025 rankings                    



15 january 2025
awards and rankings


awa asia is a leading firm in legal 500 asia pacific                    



07 november 2024
awards and rankings


five of awa’s attorneys selected as iam global leaders 2025                    



17 october 2024
awards and rankings


awa secures sweden trademark prosecution firm of the year at the global ip awards                    



07 october 2024
awards and rankings


seven awa attorneys listed as rising stars by managing ip                    


view all news



upcoming events
seminar: optimising exclusivity for medical drugsfebruary 20 @ 1:00 pm – 2:00 pmiqpc global ip exchange europe in berlinmarch 11 – march 12meet awa at ipta 2025 annual conference in brisbaneapril 2 – april 4


view all events











let’s develop the market together
let’s talk. awa has over 400 employees across belgium, china, denmark, hong kong, norway, sweden and switzerland offering strategic ip advice virtually or physically. there is no charge for this initial contact, so let’s talk to identify your intellectual property needs and start developing the market together.
some initial questions clients come to us with:
• how do i manage ip infringement on a global scale?• how do we implement a brand management strategy?• is our trademark protected globally?• can domains with my brand name be registered by others?• how does a patent stop competitors from stealing our ideas?• how do i know if someone else has patented my innovation?• what intellectual property rights do my competitors own?• how can i renew an expired design, patent or trademark?














digital ip tools
in the digital era, awa is innovating the intellectual property software tools of the future that reduce workload and save time for our clients. this leaves them with more time to create intellectual property rights (ipr) including patents, trademarks and design registrations for us to protect, enforce and monetise to ultimately get – and stay ahead – of the competition.






dispute resolution and litigation
protecting ip during infringement cases shields your valuable investments. through awa ip legal services we will pursue and defend claims for preliminary injunctions and other security measures. litigations are rarely restricted to a single jurisdiction, we coordinate and employ our extensive but selective network of professionals to secure rights and interests globally. we manage costs and budget effectively to ensure that resources are allocated appropriately.







latest from awa point







5 february 2025


companies with ip generate at least 23.8% more revenue according to latest eu report


the report ‘the intellectual property rights and firm performance in the european union’ was published last month and analyses intellectual property records by matching firms with their registered patents, trademarks, and designs from multiple authorities, including the european patent office (epo), european union intellectual property office (euipo), and various national and regional ip offices within […]
 









28 january 2025


european commission reports show misuse of divisionals can in itself contravene eu law







27 january 2025


ip enforcement strategies: combating counterfeiting in southeast asia and china







27 january 2025


how foreign applicants can take advantage of china’s updated patent regime



















we have worked with awa for over thirty years, entrusting them with much of our european ip matters. this long standing relationship is testament to their work and simply we could not manage our ip matters without them


adb safegate





we are continually impressed with awa, handling our patent prosecution and portfolio management matters for many years. awa recently assisted us with transactional patent due diligence and their input was invaluable throughout the acquisition.


cellavision





awa acts as our in-house department and they are our trusted advisor for all matters relating to intellectual property all over the world.


skanska




















+46 (0) 40 98 51 00


mail@awa.com


offices




facebook


linkedin


twitter


instagram




disclaimer general terms and conditions cookies whistleblowing channel copyright © 2021 awa. all rights reserved
 
























