



  








kumeyaay - native american news  - kumeyaay tribes - kumeyaay indians - kumeyaay news - larry banegas
























































twitter
facebook

 





homekumeyaay historyarchiveaboutnewsvideospow wowscontact





 
					kumeyaay comic book available to public!				



					there are two parts to this 44 page comic. you can read it starting at either end of the comic/either story. beyond gaming is a walk through a community gathering with tribal historians. our past, present, and future is a series of two page spreads telling history from the kumeyaay perspective. the first edition for kumeyaay nation was distributed november 15, a second...				


more in reservation news  



reservation news 
 




						kumeyaay comic book available to public!					



						big things from san diegos indigenous nations					



						u.s. steps away from flagship lithium project with berkshire					



						a.i.r programs and main event to honor students					



						sdhc receives $7.5 million wells fargo foundation grant for collaboration to increase homeownership opportunities for people of color					



						kumeyaay placenames project					



						san manuel powwow - september 16 - 18th					



						participants needed - help create an inclusive cultural experience within balboa park					



						save the date! 2022 tribal border summit					



						support our tribal youth - become a resource family					



						muscogee twins from sapulpa to appear on times square billboard modeling indigenous fashion					



						unravel the knot in your heart and find the lifeline: chef nephi craig at the native nutrition conference					


read more











history and research 
 




						pure spectrum cbd opens la jolla store					



						kumeyaay ethnobotany					



						native delegation greets hokulea historic voyage					



						kumeyaay wikipedia workshop					



						who has jurisdiction when child is born to a native american parent?					



						protecting our children national american indian conference on child abuse and neglect					



						kumeyaay community college humanities course features ret chairman anthony pico of viejas					



						overcoming opioid abuse and addiction with native american natural ways of healing					



						featured san diego business:  ecyclingstore.com					



						rincon - special rock opera presentation of "something inside is broken" 					



						world jerseys launches a new re-designed website					



						diversity in business at southwest cannabis conference and expo					


read more











sign up for our
monthly newsletter!
sign up for our monthly newsletter to receive the latest news, events, and general information!













































contact kumeyaay.com
ericwohl@intellisparx.com










copyright © 2025 – kumeyaay. all rights reserved - privacy policy - san diego web design



 




homekumeyaay historyarchiveaboutnewsvideospow wowscontact





×



kumeyaay comic book available to the public!

  



