




suspense movies - film noir, suspense and classic action movies







film noir suspense & classic action movies
suspense-movies.com
film noir, suspense and classic action movies



film directors
alfred hitchcock
anthony mann
john sturges
michael powell emeric pressburger
theme articles
fabulous forties femme fatales
tough guy talk
losing the war
poker movies
femme fatale photos
carole landis photos
more sites
site map

they 
      don't make 'em like they used to, when men were men and women were... femme fatales.

      today action movies often try to impress viewers by showing something impossible, something they have never seen before. in contrast, in classic movies 
      the action, violence and danger is usually not just more real, but all around us, everywhere. a bird may swoop down and attack, a drunken lout might lurch 
      across a bar room to attack just because you are in his line of sight, a country might start a war on a sunday morning that will continue for years.

      also, most films today go for "shock" over "suspense". shock is a villain bursting out of the closet, knife in hand. suspense is knowing 
      the villain is there waiting, as the innocent walks up to the house, checks the mail, and casually walks into the room where the villain lays in wait.

      both shock and suspense have their place, but suspense gives you that creepy ants-in-your-pants feeling for a more sustained amount of time than the instant of 
      shock does. film noir can almost be described as constant creeping suspense. the word "noir" alone means that something dark and not good is going on!

      this site offers an appreciation of action and suspense films of days gone by, and some of the characters, directors, writers and stars involved in making 
      those films. there are articles on directors who specialized in the genre, articles on themed topics, and some photos, primarily of femme fatales like 
      lynn bari, 
      june duprez, 
      rhonda fleming, 
      gloria grahame, 
      doris dowling,
      kim novak and more. take a look, and watch out for crop dusters!




steve badger poker
strategy articles
poker boom stories
texas hold'em
omaha poker
the secret of omaha




