 
















school of applied economics and management | cornell dyson




























 









skip to main content







primary navigation

about

about dyson
legacy


programs

all programs
undergraduate
graduate
executive education


faculty & research

faculty & research
faculty research videos
staff papers


extension

extension
dyson extension briefs
extension bulletins


alumni




activate search form



activate menu and search form






close search form

















dyson school of applied economics and management at the sc johnson college of business 

















why dyson




industry advantages




what is aem?




programs




apply to undergrad




apply to grad







our business is a better world
innovation, intellectual curiosity, and a collective drive to change the world for the better—this is what fuels our vibrant learning community.
business and societal impact intersect at the charles h. dyson school of applied economics and management. immersive, practical, and academically rigorous, our programs will deepen your knowledge of economic theory, sharpen your business acumen, and develop critical skills for today’s—and tomorrow’s—competitive global marketplace.























	
	meet the dean of dyson: jinhua zhao

	


learn more about jinhua zhao, the david j. nolan dean of the charles h. dyson school of applied economics and management.
meet dean jinhua zhao















dyson distinctions
among the nation’s top applied economics and management programs, the dyson school offers high-quality career-focused undergraduate and graduate degrees.








#8 business program
u.s. news & world report ranked dyson among the best applied economics programs in the country in 2022.






11,395 alumni
dyson graduates make a difference in companies and communities around the world.






more than 1,200 dyson students
our ambitious undergraduate and graduate students excel academically and professionally.






founded in 1911
part of cornell university, dyson’s school of business has been preparing future leaders for more than a century.






























	
	why choose the dyson school for your applied economics and management degree?

	


at dyson, you’ll find a diverse and distinguished faculty, a curriculum based on real-world problem-solving, and practical career planning resources. but the value of a dyson degree extends well beyond your time on campus. members of our community stay connected to cornell and each other—personally and professionally—long after graduation.
why choose dyson?














applied economics and management programs
real-world learning experiences focused on solving real-world issues is the hallmark of dyson programs, whether you’re an undergraduate applied economics and management (aem) major, working toward a graduate degree in applied economics, or are earning a professional certificate.

















explore aem degree



	
	undergraduate programs

	


with strong ties to the cornell college of agriculture and life sciences (cals), our undergraduate aem curriculum and immersive learning opportunities reinforce the value of ethical and sustainable business practices. the flexibility to add a concentration(s) and minor, a dyson aem degree prepares you for professional success in an incredible range of fields.

















view graduate programs



	
	graduate programs

	


advance your education (and career) with the dyson school’s graduate-level applied economics and management programs, which include a master’s of science (ms), a master’s in professional studies (mps), and a stem-designated ph.d. learn and research alongside some of the best in the industry while building subject matter expertise of your own.  


















executive education details



	
	executive education 

	


enhance your credentials with a professional certificate in data science, leadership, or another in-demand area. designed and authored by top faculty at sc johnson college of business, executive education programs are available in a variety of formats geared toward working professionals. customizable options for team development are also available. 






















	
	industry advantages: our expertise gives you an edge  

	


dyson faculty members are among the world’s leading researchers, innovators, and practitioners in financial services, consulting, technology, consumer packaged goods, and agribusiness.
learn about our expertise



























	
	life at dyson: an immersive, collaborative learning environment

	


it’s the best of all worlds: dyson’s welcoming, small school environment is enriched with the resources of the renowned cornell sc johnson college of business and cornell college of agriculture and life sciences, then further enhanced by the prestige of studying at cornell university. you’ll build relationships with peers and professors as you participate in spirited classroom discussions, dynamic group projects, and immersive learning experiences. and with access to campus-wide academic, career, wellness, and other services, you’ll have plenty of support along the way.
discover the dyson experience









big red, big impact: students and alumni on their dyson experience
dyson students and alumni credit their success in the classroom and beyond to rigorous academics, a strong core foundation, practical learning experiences, a myriad of support resources, and a strong peer network.














kate naldony ’06
ceo at bandier
charles h. dyson school of applied economics and management

learn more


biography for kate naldony ’06
“the dyson program prepared me for the real-world business challenges ahead. in addition to the rich classroom experience, the campus life, programming, and extracurriculars allowed me to build soft skills for tough situations.”









alexa friedman ’24

charles h. dyson school of applied economics and management

learn more


biography for alexa friedman ’24
“dyson has such a strong support system that makes me feel so comforted and welcome. i know that if i ever have any sort of issue, major or minor, i can go to any faculty member, professor, or many upperclassmen who i’ve had the opportunity to become close with through dyson. there is a true support system in dyson, and the people here really want you to succeed.”









stephanie evans ’10
founder of pamoja, sr. product manager at tapestry
charles h. dyson school of applied economics and management

learn more


biography for stephanie evans ’10
“the analytic rigor of the dyson program allowed me to differentiate myself when i launched my career in fashion retail post-graduation, quickly identifying product trends and opportunities. today, as an entrepreneur, i find myself utilizing a lot of the things i picked up and learned from the core business courses, from accounting to marketing.”










view stephanie evans ’10


view kristina anderson ’03



karina popovich ’23
head of impact at makers for change, founder of makers for covid-19
charles h. dyson school of applied economics and management

learn more


biography for karina popovich ’23
“you get a powerful network. i am in awe at the realization that my classmates will be future ceos, investors, and decision-makers. dyson's biggest gift to me has been a network of bright peers. the culture at the school makes it possible to meet every dyson student in your grade. i truly believe that i am familiar with most dyson students, even those not in my grade.”









kristina anderson ’03
director of commerce partnerships, google
charles h. dyson school of applied economics and management

learn more


biography for kristina anderson ’03
“the opportunity to apply core economics principles differentiates the dyson experience. learning and applying finance, business statistics, and economics principles to class projects and case studies was directly translatable to my first job as a management consultant.”









thatcher hollis ’24

charles h. dyson school of applied economics and management

learn more


biography for thatcher hollis ’24
“dyson prepares its students to be successful and efficient business professionals. the career development resources both in and outside the classroom have been very helpful.”









june kwak ’23

charles h. dyson school of applied economics and management

learn more


biography for june kwak ’23
“dyson has given me a backbone of resources i can flock to when i feel confused. career services and academic advising services have been so helpful in answering questions i have had and navigating me through the challenges i’ve faced while deciding on a career path.”

















dyson alumni: changing the industry, changing the world
dyson’s diverse alumni network is united by a vision of using business to build a better world. they lead, create, and inspire in every industry imaginable. they hold positions in companies and organizations of all shapes and sizes, including some of the most recognizable names in business, finance, consulting, and consumer goods.






barclays
bank of america
capital one
citigroup
deloitte
ey




goldman sachs
guggenheim
j.p. morgan
lazard
morgan stanley
oliverwyman
ubs







more on careers after dyson










dyson’s distinguished faculty: collaborating for a better world
through scholarship, mentorship, leadership, and entrepreneurship, dyson faculty make the world a better place. not only are they award-winning educators, but they also publish original research, speak at international conferences, lead and consult companies, serve on nonprofit boards, and even patent products and services.
meet our faculty























	
	on and around campus: dyson’s vibrant community

	


with its stunning scenery, historic buildings, and steady stream of activity, cornell university is the heartbeat of ithaca, new york. our vibrant college town is nestled in one of the country’s most spectacular regions. we’d love to show you around, whether you meet us in person at the agquad or explore our campus from home.
explore our campus














dyson businessfeed: updates and insights
our businessfeed features updates on ground-breaking research, student experiences, and other applied economics and management stories from around the agquad and beyond.

















	february 17, 2025


the financial times ranks cornell university’s johnson school 6th place among top u.s. mba programs


	faculty research accounted for 10% of the financial times mba ranking with cornell johnson placing #7.















	january 29, 2025


economist: dairy industry could take a hit from tariffs


	the dairy industry could lose billions of dollars if president trump imposes tariffs, a dairy economist shared.















	january 29, 2025


is this alum’s clothing firm thriving? ewe betcha!


	mac bishop ’11 is founder and ceo of wool & prince, which makes apparel—from dress shirts to underwear—out of fine merino wool.














upcoming events: what’s happening at dyson
there’s always something happening on campus (or virtually) at dyson’s school of business, from career planning seminars and networking events to industry conferences and compelling guest speakers.









2/19/2025 1:00 pm


	
	ai, innovation, and risk: can the u.s. maintain its market dominance?

			







2/27/2025 1:00 pm


	
	communication mastery: ways to amplify your impact

			







2/27/2025 5:30 pm


	
	leading with people: hr’s role in evaluating hospitality excellence

			













	
	change the world with us: join the dyson community

	


the dyson school’s applied economics and management (aem) programs prepare you to succeed in an array of industries, sectors, and specialties. undergraduate aem majors tailor their academic path to fit career goals through concentrations, minors, or a second major; and graduate students delve into faculty-mentored research projects that match their professional interests.
apply to undergrad         apply to grad






view all programs

























quick links 
visit
library
news articles & features



contact charles h. dyson school of applied economics and management
warren hall cornell university
ithaca, ny 14853-6201

faculty, staff, and students faculty & staff intranet


 sc johnson college of business

dyson
nolan school
johnson

 


 make a gift

site info 
privacy notice
web accessibility assistance







					© 2025 all rights reserved.
					cornell dyson
				







follow us on instagram





follow us on linkedin





follow us on youtube









back to top of page.





















