









party strippers exotic dancers - new england strip























































 
search


responsive menu




									new england strip								

800-299-8311




party strippers exotic dancers
female strippers
male exotic dancers
blog
faq






 



    				party strippers exotic dancers    			




thank you for visiting new england strip! if you desire the very best in live adult entertainment, then you have come to the right place. new england strip prides itself on having the highest quality male and female exotic dancers and strippers in all of new england. servicing rhode island, massachusetts, connecticut, new hampshire, maine, and vermont, our new england strippers are top-notch. the sheer majority come to your house for your bachelor, stag, frat, or birthday party, right out of local strip clubs- we don’t use second rate talent that other agencies do- give us a call and we’ll even point you in their direction, so your own eyes can compare. book your exotic dancer for your bachelor/bachelorette party.
for female strippers call 800-446-8847  and for our male strippers call 800-299-8311
 

working with vip entertainment inc, we provide exclusive strippers come to where you are, strip totally naked, tease you privately, up close and personal, then got hot with each other in explicit girl + girl action! our gorgeous strippers are known for their class, sex appeal, and outstanding personalities. we are the premiere stripper service for all of new england. let another company tell you otherwise- we will meet them anywhere, anytime, and have our girls stand side by side with theirs- and you tell us who you want to do your party- we wouldn’t make this outrageous claim unless we already knew we had the best talent around. call us on our ‘bluff’. email us

our strippers (male or female) just don’t do bachelor parties, we do shows for any occasion, at any location. indulge your fantasy, and enjoy a stripper show in your home, office, hotel room. we also go to restaurants, motels, bars, yachts, catering halls, nightclubs, firehouses or any location! no function is too big or too small for new england strip. exceptionally impressive for business entertaining.

for the girls:
girls just want to have fun. that’s why our chiseled heartthrobs have been making bachelorette parties more enjoyable in rhode island, connecticut, massachusetts, maine, vermont and new hampshire for the past 11 years. our male strippers are the very best in new england- no if’s, ands, or buts about it- well, maybe a few rock-hard butts. our male exotic dancers have been featured in playgirl, men’s health, fitness for men only, and workout world. several have even been in adult films, or have had air-time as radio/tv personalities. 800-446-8847
for the guys:
new england strip prides itself on customer satisfaction. our business philosophy is that advertising is expensive; therefore, the best kind of advertising one can have is by doing the job right the first time. if you treat your customers fairly and deal with them honestly, then they will be appreciative in turn with repeat business. building a name that is synonymous with quality, new england strip is adamant on this point: we would rather not perform at a show, and then send a girl who is not of quality to handle it.” other agencies will leap at the opportunity to send talent that they do not have to pay to shows, to maximize profit margin. but utilizing the top talent in the northeast, new england strip cuts its’ take on each show greatly- but our customers are coming back time and time again. call 800-299-8311

other agencies call us crazy for promising certain girls- their entire business is based on the bait and switch tactic- they simply don’t have the girls they advertise on their webpages- we do. that is why we can deliver specific girls, a huge percentage of the time. once again, call us on our ‘bluff’.

also- make other companies meet our standard- we have a ‘slam the door’ guarantee- if you don’t like what you see, slam the door in the face of the dancers. no other company will meet that guarantee, because once again, they know they’d never have shows completed- every show would be canceled!
for male strippers please call 800-299-8311 / for female call 800-446-8847













copyright ©2025 new england strip | theme by: theme horse | powered by: wordpress
 




 




















































































loading comments...



 



													you must be logged in to post a comment.												





































