




classical gas motors specializing in the sale and purchase of classic cars, muscle cars, streetrod and special interest cars



























 

 




 

home
inventory
links
faq
contact

 





event 
	calendarreferences









our goal is to provide our customers with the opportunity to purchase and
      sell quality classic cars, muscle cars, street rods and other special interest
      cars. in doing
      so, we want to help you in finding that car of your dreams. so even if
      we currently do not have the type of car that you are looking for, please
      give us the opportunity to assist you in locating it by using the form
      on our "contact us" page. we also have a very flexible consignment
      program to assist you in selling your current car.  we understand the needs of our customers. and we are constantly striving to improve our
      service offerings in an
            effort to exceed those needs. we want to earn your trust and your
      patronage. thank you for visiting our website. use the buttons along 
		the top to navigate through the various pages and be sure to check back often
      because our
      inventory
      is
      always
            changing.
        
























nostalgia nights :
this is a 
							"free" weekly event hosted & sponsored by classical 
							gas enterprises and co-sponsored by albertson's.  
							it is held every friday night from 6:00pm to 10pm.  
							(cancelled if raining or temps fall below 50f) it located 
							in the albertson's parking lot at hwy. 
							287 & sublett road in arlington, texas. please check out the flyer 
							& information. we look forward to seeing 
							you!                                                             check out the flier
							here!




















sincerely,



cris & sherry lofgren

(682) 429-1010   
cris@classicalgasmotors.com    
dallas/fort worth, texas

		 







note:  all cars are 
	sold "as is" and with no warranty unless special provisions are agreed to in 
	writing.  all sales are final. we work hard to honestly represent all 
	vehicles and will provide detail photographs to assist in the buying 
	decision.  we strongly recommend a physical inspection of the vehicle 
	prior to purchase.  if that is not possible,  we recommend using a 
	pre-purchase inspection appraisal organization..  the fee that these 
	companies charge is minimal compared to the cost of making a purchase of a 
	vehicle that you are later unhappy with.  sincerely,  cris lofgren
 




 













999


