


exotic diesel locomotives



exotic
diesel locomotives




do you like trains? do you
love diesel locomotives? do you love the sleek cab units from
alco, baldwin, emd, and fairbanks morse? if you do, you've come
to the right place. here you'll find pictures and information
about the alco pa and fa, baldwin sharknoses and babyfaces, fm
erie units and c-liners, and emd e and f units. 
in my opinion, the cab unit diesels built shortly before and after
world war ii were the most beautiful diesels ever built. they
were sleek and colorful, in stark contrast to the often dull looking
steam locomotives that dominated the rails. don't get me wrong,
i like steamers too, but the colorful diesel brought a new, vibrant
look, to the railroads. who can seriously argue that the alco
pa was not the best looking diesel locomotive ever built?

although the new diesels were
often scorned by steam lovers when they first appeared, they have
gone on to inspire a whole new generation of railfans who have
never even seen a steam locomotive in operation. (if you have
not seen a steamer in operation, you should. they are very impressive
machines) hopefully, this website will take you back in time to
the good old days when it was quite common to see an f unit or
pa gliding gracefully down the tracks. most of them may be gone,
but they will not be forgotten.
this page is copyrighted by
the web author. all text material is the property of the author.
feel free to e-mail me with any corrections or suggestions.
please be advised that i am fairly busy and may not have time
to answer long inquiries. if i do not respond to your e-mail,
then i am unable to answer your question. be sure to check the
cab unit data menu before you ask me questions. please do not
send photos unless asked to do so!
thanks, railfan, for providing free
web space for this site!
introduction or why am i doing this?
what's new?
diesel faq
glossary
diesel builders
pa restoration news
links
cab photo menu
my cab unit photos
cab unit data menu
mailing lists
screensaver
diesel book recommendations
click here for information on the largest
and fastest passenger ship ever built in the u.s. 



visitors since
august 1998

this site optimized for use with
thanks to chris muller, justin
nelson, bryn zellner, and chris denbow for the great locomotive gifs!



toy trunk railroad by erik sansom

buy my books - click here!


 
last update: 5/18/2007
web author: b. holt 
copyright ©1999 by b. holt - all rights reserved



