washington d.c. hotels: find washington d.c. hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactwashington d.c. hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionadd your hotel group hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > washington d.c. homepagewashington d.c. hotelshotel posts“dc area hotel”“bright hotel featuring a fitness center & in-room exercise equipment, plus contemporary s…”posted by: even hotels rockville - washington dc area“extended stay hotel”“we are an unassumming, family-and pet-friendly extended stay hotel.our guests include ser…”posted by: woodspring suites - washington dc east arena drive“historic bed & breakfast”“washington dc bed and breakfast with 12 well appointed bedrooms with en suite bathrooms, …”posted by: american guest househotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“ugh!!”renee, philadelphia - “the bathroom was clean, but shower was not in good conditi…”said about: days inn pentagon“bolarius handy”private member, millsboro - “my wife and i visit your hotel many times. this was …”said about: springhill suites prince frederick“a huge disappointment”non-member, reader - “room we reserved at least a month before was not available;…”said about: the mayflower hotel, autograph collectionreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » hotel events »(try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for washington, d.c.!

the u.s. capital annually draws millions to an aura of power, iconic riches, and colorful neighborhoods on both sides of the potomac. surrounding the white house, lafayette square neighborhood attractions include the octagon museum, decatur house, and the american red cross museum. east of the white house, downtown boasts the $778 million washington convention center with refurbished hotels and trendy shops. downtown's penn quarter is home to the u.s. navy memorial, ford's theatre, international spy museum and the shakespeare theatre. intriguing restaurants accent streets of georgetown, with the c&o canal featuring mule-drawn boat trips. foggy bottom is home to the john f. kennedy center for the performing arts, george washington university, and the watergate complex.

dupont circle serves as a hub for victorian row houses and beaux-arts mansions, and many of the city's 150 foreign embassies. adams morgan boasts ethnic eateries, boutiques, and late-night fun. stretching over 500 acres, arlington national cemetery maintains the flame-lit graves of president john f. kennedy and his wife jacqueline. hotels, historic inns and other accommodations can be found in each of washington's distinct neighborhoods, closest to your favorite attractions.

for additional nearby accommodations, you may also wish to have a look at hagerstown hotelguide and 
baltimore hotelguide.

we have organized our listings of washington, d.c.'s local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater washington, d.c. area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.



browse hotels by location:
·washington airport - arlington
hotels near the ronald reagan washington national airport and the arlington area, most famous for its cemetery, are located just across the potomac from downtown. 

·northeast virginia
hotels just to the west of the district, in fairfax county locations such as tyson's corner, mclean, falls church, and springfield. 

·southwest maryland
hotels generally to the east of the district, in maryland cities such as silver spring, cheverly, rockville, bethesda and others. 

·alexandria
hotels in historic alexandria virginia, and its charming old towne, is located 6 miles to the south of the district. 

·baltimore metro
hotels in the nearby metropolitan area of baltimore, maryland. 

·district of columbia
hotels in the 69 square miles of central washington, d.c. includes capitol hill, georgetown, chinatown, the convention center and other areas. 

browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide washington, d.c. home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: this planned district, selected as the nation's capital in 1790, is the only city specifically mentioned in the u.s. constitution. the metro area is home to over 30 major colleges and universities. 
« top of pageevents at washington d.c. hotelseaster tour & candy don your favorite easter bonnet and attire (you could win a prize!) and celebrate spring! tons of fu… festivals - holiday event / party the mansion on o streetthu 4/17/25 fri 4/18/25 more...mentalist magician brian curry the good liar mentalist brian curry will read your thoughts, predict your future and blow your mind. after reading… performance - magic and illusion capital hilton 703-725-2100sat 2/1/25 sat 2/8/25 master magician one of the busiest corporate entertainers in the world - richard bloch is a frequent headliner on la… performance - magic and illusion the mansion on o streetsun 2/23/25 the art of comics, anime, & adventures in the universe this extraordinary exhibit celebrates the creative genius of iconic artists from the legendary stan … arts - art exhibit the mansion on o streetwed 2/19/25 ted's "some kind of wonderful" bday benefit to celebrate ted spero's 70th b-day he is giving back! join him and rock & roll legends mark farner … arts - concerts the mansion on o streetwed 2/5/25 valentine's secret door tour o museum in the mansion on o street is ready to shoot cupid's arrow right at you. you'll steal heart… festivals - holiday event / party the mansion on o streetfri 2/14/25 « top of pageadjacent links:baltimore hotelscharlottesville hotelshagerstown hotelsrichmond hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse dayarea info.dover hotelsharrisburg hotelsnorfolk hotelsphiladelphia hotelswilliamsburg hotelsother versions:washington d.c. guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > washington d.c. homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the washington d.c. hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide washington d.c. are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionguidemore locations...full map
washington d.c. hotels:our readers'3 smile favoriteswoodruff innsbest western mount vernonbest western old colony inncourtyard by marriott alexandriawashington suites alexandriatravelodge alexandriaholiday inn hotel & suiteshawthorn suiteshilton arlington and towerscomfort inn ballstondoubletree crystal city / national airportembassy suites crystal cityholiday inn rosslyn westparkhyatt arlington at washington key bridgemarriott crystal cityhotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





