

  








middlesexda |









































skip to main content







“the true essence of what we do is to protect and serve the public.” 

home




            keywords          







 



 






about us







welcome to our websitethe middlesex district attorney’s office serves the largest county in new england, covering 54 diverse cities and towns.  our work spans 12 district courts, 4 juvenile courts, and 2 superior courts. our core mission is to protect and serve the people who work, live and raise their families in middlesex county.     learn more         







 about our officecareersmeet the damiddlesex county courtsoffice locations 









prosecution







        prosecution      

the middlesex district attorney’s office represents the commonwealth in a myriad of cases in 12 district courts, 4 juvenile courts, and 2 superior courts located throughout the county.  each court has its own designated team, staffed with talented and dedicated assistant district attorneys, victim witness advocates, paralegals and other professionals. learn more 







 appeals & training bureau child protection unit elder & disabled unithomicide & unsolved special investigations unit 









victim services







        victim services      

victim witness advocates are assigned to work with assistant district attorneys in all of middlesex county’s superior, district, and juvenile courts. in addition, specialized advocates are assigned to the child protection unit, elder and disabled persons protection unit, appeals bureau, homicide and unsolved unit and the domestic violence program. learn more 







 abuse prevention ordersdomestic violence resourcesglossary of termsother assistancevictim rightsvictim services guide 









community partnerships







        community partnerships      

the community partnerships bureau is responsible for advancing the district attorney’s public policy agenda through prevention and intervention programs, public-private partnerships, regional task forces, outreach and education, and county-wide awareness campaigns. the bureau collaborates with a wide range of stakeholders from the public, private, and nonprofit sectors in an effort to improve the health and safety of those who live, work, and go to school in middlesex county.  learn more 







 opioid initiativesdomestic violenceelder safetyyouth initiativeslets connect initiativeother 









beyond the courtroom







        beyond the courtroom      

middlesex district attorney marian ryan is committed to innovative crime prevention and intervention initiatives. the district attorney’s staff partners with community groups, educators, business owners, medical professionals, social service providers, and law enforcement officers to address a variety of public safety issues.    learn more 







 asset forfeiture programcommunity based justiceconviction integrity unithate crimes and bias prevention initiativesjuvenile and young adult diversion programslegislative initiatives 









public information








        communications bureau      

acting as the voice of the office, the communications bureau is responsible for overseeing all public communication from the office, including media requests, writing and distributing press releases, and keeping the public informed of office initiatives, cases, and activities.covid-19eventsin the newsphotospress releasesreports & findingsresource centertransparency through datatwitterupcoming eventsvideos 












 








featured news
 


 children with autism, special needs learn water safety at massachusetts state police pool » 
        framingham, mass. —twenty children with autism or other special needs participated in a water safety event at the...   



    view all  

 
 
















  

  

  

  
learn more about the digital citizenship academylearn more about da marian ryan's digital citizenship academy program more » 



 





press releases


stay connected
twitter  
youtube  
linkedin  
instagram

 








children's advocacy center
resource center
contact us

 


 

 





the middlesex district attorney's office  •  15 commonwealth ave  •  woburn, ma 01801  •  phone (781) 897-8300website disclaimer    government websites by civicplus®

login 








