    
	chumash casino resort | california casino resort in santa ynez
                       


                                                                                entertainment  resort  hotel pool spa dining shopping lounges    casino  the club slots table games poker bingo high limit room   dining promotions the club call us u play email sign up sms sign up                                             1.800.chumash|
                    u play|
                    email sign up|
                    sms sign up   entertainment resort casino dining promotions the club       

 
  
  
    
    
   







 home to every sporting event. the doors are open to the only true sports bar in the santa ynez valley. and now you can score big. present your card from the club at chumash to your server to take advantage of all your membership benefits, including earning and redeeming reward and tier points. plus, get in the game, every game, with u play sports.
play now

    






 $500,000 monthly giveawayfebruary 2, 9, 17 & 23 / 2pm-11pm / earn entries nowthis february, we’re going big, giving away over $500k in cash, prizes & slot free play. weekly grand prizes include a ram 1500 for the first three weeks and $100,000 in cash for the fourth week. play with your card from the club at chumash to earn entries. let us make “stress-free” your ultimate destination.
learn more

    






 
a free-to-play casino in your pocket.


u play games is a free-to-play social gaming app. take the excitement of chumash casino resort anywhere you go. with u play games,
    you’ll have access to a wide variety of thrilling casino games, including slots, table games, and more.

play online

 










 
free-to-play sports picks.win slot free play.


get off the sidelines and into the action with u play sports. from basketball to football to baseball to everything in between, it’s a fun, easy way to pick your favorite
    teams and win slot free play. best of all, it’s free-to-play…all day, every day.

play online

    



find your escape in the heart of wine country. experience the latest games, luxurious rooms, great dining and more among california's rolling hills. 
book a room

  









our spacious casino floor features 2,300 of the newest, hottest slot machines, more than 45 popular vegas-style table games, a mega jackpot room, and our exquisite higher limits room, daily 24/7.







our aaa four diamond-rated hotel has grown to 320 rooms and 58 suites. it now features a 135-foot tower, giving guests exquisite views of the santa ynez valley.









enjoy a signature cocktail at our center bar while bartop gaming,  all in our spacious 115,000 square foot casino.







the resort offers all the comforts of home, plus much more. luxuriously appointed guest rooms, a hotel lobby bar, multiple relaxation areas and the highest degree of customer service.


    

promotions


more promotions



{promotiontitle}




{promotiondescription}



    

upcoming events



more entertainment
       resort casino u play entertainment promotions   about us  our heritage sustainability media relations contact us feedback    quick links  directions cancel/modify reservation financial services employment faq's shuttle schedule meetings & events event calendar    affiliates  corque hotel the hadsten                    
                    must be 21 or older. gambling problem? call 1.800.gambler
                    
                    all contents of this website are: copyright ©
                     
                    chumash casino resort, 3400 east highway 246, santa ynez, ca 93460.
                    all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
                  responsible gaming |  terms of use |  privacy policy |  sms help |  site map  welcome to freedom           