










home - stamford chamber of commerce





















































 

















skip to content



























                                philip morris international                            













                                m&t bank                            














                                delta dental                            














                                george comfort                            














                                rubenstein                            














                                alphagraphics                            














                                m communications                            














                                point72                            






next
previous














 
member loginjoin chambermember directoryhome
































































menu 
about about us chamber staff board of directors hypemembership member login member directory benefits of membership join/become a memberevents calendar of events upcoming eventsmember portal member login job postings dealschamber news








 















 
 


 
networking events  


 
work, live, play and learn  


 
#stamfordstrong 






























welcome to the stamford chamber of commerce!






as one of the largest business organization in southwestern, ct, the stamford chamber of commerce represents small businesses and corporations in stamford, ct. we aim to strengthen and unify our business community through various networking opportunities and events which encourage members to develop new partnerships, focusing not only on economic development but also on community cohesiveness.
from our vibrant downtown neighborhoods, thriving financial district, and the stamford transportation center, to our waterfront landscapes, beautiful parks, and the uconn campus, we are the gateway to the city of stamford - a “work, live, play and learn” community.

















					office hours				








					contact				








					digital member directory				








					vacation packages				








					city of stamford website				













spotlight members








































































































































































see what stamford has to offer!












2025 e-book directory










































chamber events
















community events














view all events

























learn more & register
















 
hype stamford's 5th birthday at fortina 
thursday february 20
celebrating 5 great years of hype stamford (helping young professionals excel) with great food, drinks and new connections at stamford's best waterfront neighborhood, harbor point!
details & registration 














 
31st annual taste of stamford 
thursday march 20
get your taste buds ready! one of the most biggest and iconic chamber event of the year is finally here! indulge in a delicious journey through the city’s best flavors, while connecting with fellow food lovers and celebrating local cuisine!
21+ only!
details & registration 










welcome new chamber members



















event program books & event pictures






 
check out our digital programs, view photos and read more about our great events.
chamber news page 















 












© 2025 stamford chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












the gateway to the city of stamford




















stamford chamber of commerce













workpoint290 harbor drive, stamford, ct 06902 














203.359.4761 














stamfordchamber@stamfordchamber.com 















































 © 

 stamford chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. 








 















