









betsy robinson - biography











icon caret-left



icon caret-right



instagram



pinterest



linkedin



facebook



twitter



goodreads



question-circle



facebook circle



twitter circle



linkedin circle



instagram circle



goodreads circle



pinterest circle











betsy robinson










biography


betsy's blog


my works


monologues


edna robinson


newsletter


kano press


contact


















from kano press in 2024-2025â 


2 new novels
on sale: see each book's page.
new second edition of the last will & testament of zelda mcfigg















paperback and e-book, click to go to book's page

















for paperback and e-book, go to book's page by clicking on the cover.

















second edition published by kano press:paperback and e-book






















revised, 2nd edition



expanded, with updated version of darleen dances, including notes for actors
























edited by betsy robinson
















a funny, enlightening book for anyone who's had a mother...or pain...or shame.











kindle book and nook book



if you don't recognize your trauma, you cannot begin to heal. this 9,000-word primer may help. e-book













new e-book: material for character actors -- all ages and races; click "monologues" (above) for more information.
















(photo by albert dorr; © terry dorr) read a time of innocence blog by clicking here.



































biography













author of funny literary stories about flawed people












betsy robinson was raised an atheist and went on to make her living as a writer and editor of spiritual subject matter: as managing editor of spirituality & health magazine for six and a half years and as an editor of spiritual psychology and books about shamans and traditional healers. she attended a four-year healing school (energy medicine) and has been a columnist for upi’s religion & spirituality forum, but she still isn’t sure what she believes. … and that’s okay. while she’s figuring it out, she writes funny literary stories about flawed people.her first novel, plan z by leslie kove, was published by mid-list press in 2001 as winner of their first novel award series and republished in a second edition when mid-list's books went out of print. her second novel, the last will & testament of zelda mcfigg won black lawrence press's 2013 big moose prize and was published in september 2014. when it went out of print, a second edition of the book was relaunched by kano press in january 2025. betsy's novels cats on a pole and the spectators were published by kano in july and september 2024, respectively. betsy's edit of her late mother, edna robinson's, novel, the trouble with the truth was launched in february 2015 (simon & schuster/atria/infinite words). here's what mother and daughter would look like if edna were alive to celebrate. betsy and edna robinson were awarded a 1987/88 writers guild east fellowship to write two movies, the love convention and ms. manhattan (both unproduced). for over a decade betsy was an actor (return of the secaucus 7; lianna; and assorted fools, clowns, and sexy wenches all over off-off broadway). she is also a playwright, and her scripts have been produced at the eugene o'neill playwrights conference, theatre in the works (amherst, ma), in los angeles, off-off broadway, on cable tv, and in iowa where she won first prize in the dubuque fine arts 1-act contest.a bennington college and national theater institute graduate, betsy is a member of the ensemble studio theatre where she's had many workshop productions and performed her one-woman 1-act, darleen dances (excerpt published in moving parts, viking penguin 1992, complete play published in girl stories & game plays).other published fiction: cats on a pole excerpt in books & pieces; "the site cleaner," fahmidan journal; "the square dance rap," playing with a full deck;  "cost of care," abandon journal; "the shanglers," new plays by women; “the last available burial ground on manhattan island,” at rise magazine; "pose please," silo magazine (1993); “may 4, 1970,” viet nam war generation journal (dec. 2002) and included in girl stories & game plays (see links, right); “jakey, get out of the buggy,” chronogram (feb. 2003) and included in girl stories & game plays (see links, right), "the hearing," epiphany (spring 2005) and included in monologues, sketches, scenes, short plays e-book (see "monologues" page on toolbar, above).articles: publishers weekly (and another pw piece here), lithub, oh reader, next avenue, the progressive, prairie fire spring 2023 issue, salvation south, the sunlight press, lit mag news roundup, the artisanal writer, rewire me, bust magazine, mangoprism, bn.com/blog, fundsforwriters.com, writing bad, fiftyisthenewfifty.com, friends: voices on the gift of friendship, the mantle, trop magazine, spirituality & health, parabola, new renaissance, guideposts, conscious choice, houseplant magazine, indoor & patio gardening, greenprints, the american gardener, cat fancy, dog fancy, and doggone. columnist for upi's religion & spirituality forum, journal of compressed creative arts, gordon parks piece on next avenue, chicago review of books, mukoli magazine for peace, vineleaves press's "spill it" newsletter,  michigan quarterly review online, a new oh reader piece.
 
and coming soon, essay in broadview magazine.betsy has had an eclectic career. she served as an editor and promotional consultant to the ringing rocks foundation on their profiles of healing book/digital recording series; she was a publishing associate at parabola (magazine and books); and she is currently freelancing as a writer/editor/book doctor (see editing services), and has had many other jobs ... other lives ... in no particular order: apprentice film editor and projectionist; tutor; art bookstore clerk & picture framer; label typist; reader for the blind; notary public; artist's model for one naked year; paralegal at a record company; traveling houseplant caretaker; janitor; legal secretary; messenger; chambermaid at a holiday inn in lake placid, ny (don't ever stay there!); advertising, pr, and tv comedy (a show about ducks) writer; dogwalker; family court and transit authority transcriptionist; fortune cookie writer for goldberg's funny fortune cookies; hostess at the international house of pancakes. ... phew.
_______________________
current areas of interest, passion, and enthusiastic curiosity(for more on some of these things, go to betsy's blog on top tool bar.)
i'm reaping wonderful stories from "money work" i did 30 years ago:
next avenue published photographer gordon parks: his unshakable peace endures.

my article to the hero on the j train appears on the journal of compressed creative arts. here's a little reading:


"messages from books that we choose," about a form of whole-book bibliomancy was published on michigan quarterly online.
sometimes you feel a commonality with an artist in a completely different field. i feel that with george booth, the brilliant new yorker cartoonist, who just left us: eulogy.for an instant swoon, listen to adam lambert singing "come to me, bend to me" from brigadoon. it's on the blog page.i also recommend jumping on a trampoline. it'll goose your lymphatic system and lift your mood. for a demo, click "the trampoline dance" video:











or laughing . . .





 
 










deep metaphors
(709 kb)

and if that didn't do it, here's one of my favorite articles i've ever written--about another mode to finding peace in our tumultuous culture.












-------------------------------
as i said at the beginning, i am not a religious person, but i do believe that peace comes from a commitment to something greater than oneself. i am committed to truth. this is not truth used to correct others or to control or be cruel. this is a foundational truth that allows all life to be. it is a compassionate truth that demands action. hence, this little call to action:

 
 




























selected works




novel




kano press novels

click kano press for updates




cats on a pole

a sometimes funny story, a psychic duel between male and female equals who have, for the first time, met their match. (on sale july 2, 2024)




the spectators

three nyc women grapple with action versus inaction in the age of trump. a love letter to nyc and friendship. (on sale september 3, 2024)




the last will & testament of zelda mcfigg

big moose prize-winning novel




plan z by leslie kove

a funny, sometimes sad, story of negotiating life without a clue




the practice: dee and bea's quick & easy guide to enlightenment

on kindle--a funny book for foodies who are committed to self-change through self-awareness




the trouble with the truth by edna robinson

an actor's sister's story of growing up in the shadow of her dramatic brother in the 1930s and '40s. (edited by betsy, written by her late mother, edna.)


an epistolary memoir ... sort of




conversations with mom

a funny and moving little book for anyone who's had a mother or struggled with being human.


anthology of stories and plays




girl stories & game plays

includes darleen dances and 24 stories


play




darleen dances

1-act play


short story




jakey, get out of the buggy

the problem with worrying about the future (free on website)


nonfiction




learning to thrive: begin by recognizing your trauma

if you don't recognize your trauma, you cannot begin to heal. this 9,000-word primer may help. (free pdf on website)


true story




marbles

why i don't believe in death. (free on website)


editing services




editing services

gentle help










quick links








e-mail me






youtube






facebook for betsy, writer, is disabled due to hackers
you can still see old writer stuff as well as resources for people who write, read, and/or are in the entertainment industry. but i no longer have access to it. so best to just stay on my site here. most everything of interest is on my blog and for occasional announcements, subscribe to newsletter--top toolbar.






tiktok






twitter for betsy






goodreads
my author profile






authors guild





















â© 2024 betsy robinson






















loading…}























