





matrimony site - india's no.1 free matrimonial sites, marriage services








































 



























browse profiles 


mother tongue
caste
religion
nri
browse more...



tamil
punjabi
telugu
hindi
bengali
gujarati
oriya
urdu
marathi
sindhi
kannada
malayalam
nepali
haryanvi
garhwali


more...




brahmin
ezhava
nair
kayastha
rajput
vishwakarma
maratha
chavara
nadar
reddy
iyer
baniya
chaurasia
yadav
vanniyar
naidu
sc
buddhist


more...




hindu
sikh
christian
muslim
jain
buddhist
atheist
bahai
jew
parsi


more...




australia
new zealand
usa
uk
canada
mauritius
malaysia
singapore
uae
saudi arabia
kuwait
qatar
germany
france
bahrain
switzerland
ireland
italy


more...





city

chennai
banglore
delhi
mumbai
kolkata
more...



state

kerala
uttarakhand
tamil nadu
punjab
gujarat
more...



occupation

doctor
defence
teacher
professor
lawyer
more...






member login 
register free

help 



                                            need assistance ?
                                            
                                                call at: +918929175332 
                                                (9:30 am to 6:00 pm ist, mon to sat)


or email at :
feedback@matrimonialsindia.com



contact us
feedback
faq











someone somewhere is dreaming of you




looking for


female
male




age




to






religion


any
















search by trusted matrimony site


mother tongue
caste
religion
nri
city
state
occupation



tamilpunjabiteluguhindibengaligujaratioriyaurdumarathisindhikannadamalayalamnepaliharyanvigarhwali

view all 



brahminezhavanairkayastharajputvishwakarmamarathachavaranadarreddyiyerbaniyachaurasiayadavvanniyarnaiduscbuddhist

view all 



hindusikhchristianmuslimjainbuddhistatheistbahaijewparsi

view all 



australianew zealandusaukcanadamauritiusmalaysiasingaporeuaesaudi arabiakuwaitqatargermanyfrancebahrainswitzerlandirelanditaly

view all 



chennaibangloredelhimumbaikolkata

view all 



keralauttarakhandtamil nadupunjabgujarat

view all 



doctordefenceteacherprofessorlawyer

view all 






over lakhs of premium members looking for partner




profile id : mi-1411978
33, sikh, australiabusiness / consultant





profile id : mi-1414458
30, sikh, usacomputer professional





profile id : mi-1415979
29, christian, new zealandmedical & healthcare





profile id : mi-1418556
36, hindu, canadateacher / lecturer / professor





profile id : mi-1418883
28, hindu, indiateacher / lecturer / professor





profile id : mi-1419292
39, hindu, australiabanking & finance





profile id : mi-1421680
26, hindu, australiadoctor





profile id : mi-1423177
37, sikh, canadaca, cs & accountant







tv commercials
millions of happy marriages occurred through matrimonialsindia.com







 

why matrimonialsindia.com?







27+ years of trust
                            
showered by the trust and love of our clients for the last 27 years.








1000000+ active profiles
                            
also new profiles registered every hour increase chances of meeting your soulmate.








10000+ member visits everyday
                            
thousands of members visiting every day & searching their life partner here.








1500+ successful marriages
                            
thousands have found their soulmate. now you can be the next.







so what are you waiting for? let us find your dream partner register free









express yourself better with new video feature
let others know and fall in love with the true you


 tips to make a video profile like a pro




be yourself,  smile, be confident



prepare what you want to say



opt for tidy background with enough light.



follow your heart and use these tips to standout from others






matrimonialsindia success stories








sonal maggo and lavish sharma
i am thankful to you for your support on search of my partner. i got my partner with  help of you, thank you for your help and support.
 uk
read more









vinoshiny nair and nick
we are thrilled to share our journey, which began with matrimonialsindia.com. initially, we were skeptical about the platform's effectiveness
 malaysia
read more









radhika and rahul
the day one i registered with your matrimonial  the efforts you made is highly appreciated. i told my expectations about my cousin radhika's groom to lisha on the very first d...
 uk
read more









sakshi verma and vedant
i’m sharing all of this that if you are looking for a life partner in any part of the country then you can trust matrimonialsindia
 australia
read more









pritharshini and eswaran chanthina
glad to inform you that my daughter's match is finalized through your efforts.
 malaysia
read more









barinder and gurmeet
i am thankful to matrimonialsindia, i found my dream partner through them
 malaysia
read more









yasheeka and rajeev
i would like to heartily thank you and really appreciate your efforts and devotion in finding me a lovely match.
i'm very much thankful to you,
 vacoas
read more









miss. kaur and baljit singh
i would like to thank you for finding miss. kaur for me. you would be in our memory rest of our life.
 australia
read more









daksha thakur and uday rathore
we both were in india during december and january, and had an opportunity to meet both the families. because of your help and support, this relationship seems very promising f...
 new zealand
read more









mansi and puneet
my daughter mansi marriage done through yours efforts.  thank for suggesting good family for my daughter.
 australia
read more





view all success stories





four simple steps to find your life partner





01


create your profile
just fill basic details & access the huge database of brides / grooms






02


set partner preference
set your partner preference & let‘s match your requirement with others






03


receive matching profiles
receive matching profiles daily as per your set partner preference.






04


send/receive interest & calls
send/receive interest to suitable profiles and connect.




register free







benefits of premium membership
upgrade to paid membership and speed-up your partner search by directly connecting (via chat/call)  with suitable profile. avail now to enjoy many premium benefits.




free member

send express interests
send photo requests
search suitable profiles
view contact detail of the profile
bold listing of your profile
send unlimited personalized messages
astro matching profiles
initiate the chat from your end
dedicated relationship manager

register free




paid member

send express interests
send photo requests
search suitable profiles
view contact detail of the profile
bold listing of your profile
send unlimited personalized messages
astro matching profiles
initiate the chat from your end
dedicated relationship manager

view membership plans








download matrimonials india app














free & most trusted matrimony service



since 1997, matrimonialsindia, india's leading and most trusted online matrimony service provider, offers premium matchmaking for happy marriages. with an exclusive database of over 1,000,000 profiles of indian, nri and foreign prospective brides and grooms, it gives you immense options. with this, you can find a partner as per your choice.
matrimonialsindia free matrimonial site helps you meet potential brides and grooms as per your choice. here you will be able to know each other better with premium features. you can also propose for marriage through this marriage website. when you create a profile, after some time it is also verified with the phone number. after which it becomes easy to trust the profiles of different brides and grooms.
a perfect life partner is one of the most precious achievements of human life. this is why online matrimony has become an extremely popular trend for single people nowadays. matrimonialsindia is giving a new shape to the modern union of couples, the harmony of thoughts, and like-mindedness.
advanced search & filters to find bride/groom profiles 
the traditional way of finding a life partner is tiring. initially, techniques like word-of-mouth, horoscope exchange and relative circles were used for singles to find partners. but in present times, one can easily find profiles of ideal brides or grooms through matrimonial sites.
consequently, you can do strong searches to find your perfect match based on various criteria. we have numerous search filters like location, religion, caste, mother tongue, profession, age, height, income, and others. 
matrimonialsindia has all religious options including hindu, sikh, christian, muslim, jain, buddhist and baha'i as well as atheist matrimony service. by applying a caste filter you can sort profiles like brahmin, maratha, reddy, iyer, chavara, bania and many more.
our matrimony website provides services in various locations such as australia, new zealand, canada, singapore, malaysia, germany, and so on. if your preference is mother tongue then you can apply filters of hindi, gujarati, punjabi, tamil, telugu, malayalam, marathi, and others. not only this, you can look for the profiles by occupation too. we have profiles of doctors, defence, teachers, professors, lawyers, and uncountable other professions.
coming out of the basic filters our marriage bureau site presents profiles of brides or grooms based on interests, expectations, lifestyle, background and values. so you can enjoy our services all over india and internationally.
what kind of profiles do matrimonialsindia keep
whenever you create a profile through this marriage bureau site, it should be clean and neat. a good and honest profile can be the key to presenting your best personality. that's why we bring you only those profiles that you will really like.
so remember these instructions when creating a profile:

upload 4-5 high-quality photos in good lighting to understand your real personality.
try to avoid selfies or blurry photos.
enter all your personal and family details carefully.
never lie about your profession, expectations and life goals.
take your time when creating a profile, do not leave details incomplete. a complete profile attracts the user more efficiently. it seems to be more trustworthy and attentive. also, it has a high probability of being viewed and getting responses.

matrimonialsindia provides best safety measures 
allows you to hide some of your identity in the initial phase to maintain your privacy. although we ensure that all our customers are verified we still take your security concern as a priority. our verification badges authenticate all the details of the customer base to build a level of trust among all the users.
matrimonialsindia suggests that you do not share your personal contacts, money and other confidential details. if you have any complaint or suggestion regarding any inappropriate behavior, our dedicated customer care team is available 24*7.

read more..


browse profiles by :

india matrimony
indian brides
indian grooms
nikah matrimony
divorcee matrimony
second marriage matrimony
widow matrimony
life partner matrimony








frequently asked questions



what does matrimony mean?
matrimony means the state of being married or the act of getting married. it is a legal and socially recognized union between two people as partners in a romantic relationship. matrimony is also known as marriage,marriage bureau, wedlock, union, match, weddings, vivah, and holy matrimony.


how do i register on matrimonialsindia platform?
the registration process is effortless. just click on the “register free” icon. then fill in the required details such as contact number, email id, and gender. after that, a new page will open. here you have to select your religion, caste, mother tongue, marital status, date of birth, name, height, current address, and photograph. hereafter you will receive an otp on your registered contact number. by entering the otp you will be all set for searching profiles.


what are matrimonialsindia's different membership plans?
we have membership plans according to time preferred and services. major membership plans are gold, diamond, platinum, and star. apart from this, matrimonialsindia has a feature of “e-meet your mate” where you will be allotted a relationship manager. our dedicated relationship manager will guide you about introduction, teleconferences, handpicked matches, and all your detailed needs.


is there any support available if i face any issues?
yes, our dedicated customer support team is available for you 24*7. you can call +919582856862 or email feedback@matrimonialsindia.com any time.


is matrimonialsindia matrimony service free of cost?
you can register yourself with matrimonialsindia for free. also, you can search profiles for free on the basis of filters. if you want advanced features like view contact, send personalized messages, astro matching profiles, or other facilities then you can become a paid member.








disclaimer : matrimonialsindia.com is exclusively meant for marriage seekers and not for dating, casual relationships, commercial use, or illegal activities. users must have a genuine intent for a matrimonial alliance.			    





matrimony by religion 

hindu matrimony
sikh matrimony
christian matrimony
muslim matrimony
jain matrimony
buddhist matrimony
atheist matrimony
bahai matrimony
jew matrimony
parsi matrimony



matrimony by state 

karnataka matrimony
maharashtra matrimony
delhi matrimony
tamil nadu matrimony
telangana matrimony
gujarat matrimony
kerala matrimony
madhya pradesh matrimony
punjab matrimony
odisha matrimony
uttar pradesh matrimony
bihar matrimony
rajasthan matrimony
chandigarh matrimony
west bengal matrimony
himachal pradesh matrimony



matrimony by profession 

doctor matrimony
ias matrimony
teacher matrimony
lecturer matrimony
professor matrimony
lawyer matrimony
it professional matrimony
corporate professional matrimony
ca  matrimony
cs matrimony
govt employee matrimony
marketing professional matrimony
banking professional matrimony
engineer matrimony
architect matrimony
ips matrimony
sportsman matrimony
defence matrimony
scientist researcher matrimony
writer professional matrimony



matrimony by nri 

australia matrimony
new zealand matrimony
usa matrimony
canada matrimony
united kingdom matrimony
malaysia matrimony
united arab emirates matrimony
singapore matrimony
mauritius matrimony
saudi arabia matrimony
pakistan matrimony
kuwait matrimony
qatar matrimony
germany matrimony
france matrimony
nigeria matrimony
bangladesh matrimony
sri lanka matrimony
china matrimony








home
membership
faqs / help
contact us
feedback
testimonials
complaint
about us
terms & conditions
blog
disclaimer
privacy policy
sitemap
create horoscope
tv commercials



follow us








							customer service (toll free) 
							+918929175332


download app



















all rights reserved - matrimonialsindia.com (2000-2025) 





web design by weblinkindia.net







































