










home theater power management equipment | panamax








































































skip to content
















            menu
        













solutions

what are you plugging into?
why panamax?
bluebolt 2.0 ip power management


products

rack-mount and component power
compact power
battery backups
floor models
power distribution
accessories


where to buy
about

about panamax
contact


support

common power problems and solutions
product recommendations guide
warranty information
faq
legacy product documents
help center


blog

news

































panamax is now nice
nice is taking things to the next level with panamax®
learn more
















advanced power management solutions
it’s more than just lightning. every ac power outlet in your home and business sees dozens of daily electrical surges of the incoming power, spikes, and fluctuations, most generated from within the building. a reliable home theater power manager is what you need.
                power management is critical to the safety, performance, and longevity of your valuable electronics.
learn more

 










save time, money and energy.
get real-time, cloud-based control and monitoring of your connected equipment with the bluebolt 2.0 and the bluebolt remote power management mobile app. enabled devices allow you to monitor voltage, reduce service calls, schedule automated remote reboots, get alerts to potential problems, and more. learn more













what are you plugging into?
get automatic over- and under-voltage power protection. panamax protects equipment and maximizes the performance of your valuable electronics - from your av equipment to other appliances. that's why top home technology pros make panamax their #1 choice for surge protection and performance year after year. learn more





















© 2024 nice north america llc|



terms
|privacy policy
























































