








home - watson's regency suites









































skip to content








(609) 398-4300|info@watsonsregency.com 

facebook 










 homeabout amenitiesaccommodationsratesweddings/groupsbookinggalleryspecialscontact






search for:















 





 


 


 


 


 

book now! 
							




 




homejoycemedia2025-02-11t11:07:48-05:00

pool closed from march 3rd to march 17th for routine maintenance.
during this period, watson’s is offering a 
special rate of $109/ $119 plus tax per night. 
call 1-609-398-4300 and mention this special.
we are watson’s regency suites
part of america’s greatest family resort ocean city, new jersey
deluxe all suite accommodations available year round
home of ocean city’s only indoor pool
allow us to accommodate your family whether for a night, a week, or the season. we can make your vacation one of the most memorable on the south jersey shore.

weddings/groups

watson’s regency is a popular choice to accommodate your wedding guests traveling to ocean city. watson’s also has a meeting room that holds up to 30 guests. please contact us for more information.

specials
don’t miss out on our seasonal offers that could save you some hard earned money.
more
gallery

view images of  watson’s regency suites facilities by clicking the link below.

view gallery

most popular info
weddings/groups
about our town
local restaurants
gallery
owners

testimonials



our first family trip to ocean city nj and the suite was beautiful and clean. housekeeping staff very attentive and took trash and used towels very quickly. pool was very clean, nice size and atmosphere. location was perfect. we plan to return next year.
nicemom3
first time in ocean city nj. a much bigger town than i expected. hotel is only one block from the boardwalk and beach. accommodations are very nice. well equipped kitchen. clean room and bathroom. was there for a reunion of car owners so didn’t go on the beach but it looked inviting.
chefharvey
great location, with 3 min walk to the beach. 3 short blocks from shopping and dining in town. clean, updated, and spacious suites. a great value!
mary
friendly attentive staff! very relaxing & near stores, restaurants. couldn’t have made a better choice!
benjamin
my family and i have visited watson’s many times over the years. always clean, love the fully equipped kitchen!!! we love that we can walk everywhere!!! so close to the boardwalk, restaurants, and shopping on asbury ave.!! friendly and very helpful staff round out the best ocean city experience! the only place we choose to stay!
pm
we always enjoy staying at watsons. would not go anyplace else.
annethe location was great and the kids loved having and indoor pool, especially during the winter time!kristen
our room was spacious and pleasant, the staff were helpful, and having a full kitchen- literally bigger than that of my apartment!- was an extra pleasure. we’ll absolutely be back, perhaps with our kids in tow.
adam z 



 
 






		© copyright  | watson’s regency suites  | all rights reserved |   joycemedia.com 


facebook
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



 















 


go to top






