





howardsoft (home page)













text size:






  p.o. box 8432
  la jolla, ca 92038-8432
  phone: (858) 454-0121
  e-mail: support@howardsoft.com












home page



products



e-file



howardnews


ordering


downloads


help
















if you're new towh howardsoft...

    ... get ready for fully-automated, interactive, and integrated --
    not limited by the irs forms.
    we're independent, accurate, knowledgeable, and responsive,
    but we don't charge an arm and a leg for it!
    to find out more, start with a
    quick tour
    of our flagship products, tax preparer® and
    real estate analyzer®.
  













get ready for the 2025 filing season!



tax preparer 1040 now available! release 2025.01b is now available.  if you already ordered the software for the 2025 filing season,
you should have received an email containing your private link to the new software.  but if you haven't yet ordered, you can do so now by clicking the
starburst to the left, and your private link will be sent to you thereafter.






with tax forms growing longer and more complex every year (after flirting with simplicity just a few years ago), and the uncertainty of last-minute tax changes,
the next tax season could have unexpected changes.  but you'll be ready for anything ... if you order your tax preparer update now!


with tax laws built-in and e-file options for professionals, tax preparer is still the best deal in accurate, fully-automated, professional tax software.








still available:tax preparer 1040 release 2024.01f
california 540 release 2024.01partnership 1065 release 2024.01

these final releases of our updated flagship products for the 2024 filing season are available for download to prepare amended returns for
federal form 1040, california form 540, or federal form 1065 returns for tax year 2023. place an on-line order now and we'll send you a special
link to download and install the program.










64-bit compatibility!
tax preparer
is compatible with all versions of windows 8, 8.1, and 10, including both 32-bit and 64-bit versions,
and all other windows versions as far back as windows xp, whether 32-bit or 64-bit.
although greatly modified for 64-bit windows,
the familiar look and feel of tax preparer remains the same.
you will have no problem installing or running our software on a new windows 8, 8.1, or 10 computer,
most of which are preloaded with a 64-bit version of windows.
however, windows 10 may require an updated print driver or a change in default settings.











why e-file?
many paid tax preparers have been required to e-file since 2012, as we explained in a past issue of
                    howardnews.
however, even if you aren't required to e-file, there are plenty of other reasons to e-file:


  improved accuracy and compliance. irs checks return for errors and compliance before it is
accepted for filing, so you can correct it before you file it, minimizing embarrassing irs notices to clients.

  proof of filing date and time. irs acknowledges every transmission, and first transmission of return
counts as filing time even when return isn't accepted for filing until days later. no more postmarks required.

  proof of receipt by irs. irs sends acknowledgment once return passes
their checks, giving proof of receipt and acceptance. no more 'lost' returns.

  faster refunds. eliminates manual handling of paper returns,
so return is processed immediately once accepted for e-file.

  increased customer base. heavy irs marketing of e-file causes customers to look for e-file providers,
so you'll keep old clients and get new ones.

  minimized learning time during tax season. learn now to avoid critical delays later.
it's easy with tax preparer, but learning the interface with the irs can take some time.



and howardsoft's uniquely personal customer service is always there to help you learn the e-file process and correct
any rejected returns.
























tax forms and more


    we offer three levels for each tax preparer software package:
    

   premium
        level
   standard
        level
   economy
        level


    click a level above for a list of features and forms built-in and
    fully-automated for that level. and to make sure you're not left behind
    at the beginning of the tax season,
    click here to order on-line.
    


get ready for
    
e-file capability is included with standard and premium level software,
    but you must:

  apply to the irs for your lifetime efin (click here to learn more), and
      annually purchase from us the e-file transmission software that will send to the irs
    the e-file output produced by our software.
    
except for unusual limitations imposed
    by the irs, you can now e-file most returns ... even when the data does not fit on the irs paper forms!
    







this web site last updated february 10, 2025.











