

@cairn studio website ... main page by teklogin corp.











-
 









  home





  what's new!





       press release






  artists





      tom clark






  artists promotions





  cairn facts





  gnomenclature








  people at prayer


  retired artworks





  special creations




  cairn publications









  new releases





      summer 2008


      summer 2007





      summer 2006





















  dealer artwork


      registration





  line iii dealers









attentionretaildealersbecome acairn studioline iiidealer



 now for the first time ever!, collectors can view (in full color!) all active cairn artworks inclusive of the artists' creation stories. creation stories and photographs of the artworks are available in the online artworks catalog by clicking on the artwork's name.


cairn studio, ltd.,  the #1 hand-made decorative art company, is proud to offer limited edition artworks sculpted by dr. thomas f. clark. each creation is hand-cast in compounds that range from cairn’s hallmark resin medium to lost-wax bronze and is individually hand painted, antiqued, and highlighted. cairn sculptures range from the whimsical gnomes to the magnificent, awe-inspiring interpretation of abraham lincoln cast in solid bronze.







draculeah
 
 












polar express
claudette
santa sew


 
 
 




 


cairn christmas
		2008
chris (seminar)
 




dr prevention & dr remedy

daytona



star & stripe

attention artists
our company has represented a host of artists over the past 30 years.  we currently have two prestigious estate galleries and are in the process of redesigning and renovating our museum/art gallery.  from these facilities we have decided to add the marketing of original artworks to our product mix and are looking for selected artists whose concentration and intensity focuses on or depicts western, southwestern, or european landscapes and cultures. from our extensive base of avid collectors as well as our connections with corporations, financial institutions and the like., we are excited about being able to place some unique artworks.  if you would like to discuss this matter further, please send a letter of interest to cairn studio, po box 400, davidson nc 28036. 

odyssey











cairn christmas 2009
		ike
jack - 2010



special sale

tom clark's garden gnomes

34 exclusive line iii green thumbgnome artworks available.

dr. thomas f. clark is the lead artist for cairn studio, ltd.  dr. clark, the most well-known artist in america today, is the most prolific and talented sculptor in the figurine industry, with collectors in every county of every state, plus europe, asia (especially japan!), and canada.

please be informed that as of 01/01/2011, we will 
	discontinue the cairn studio collector society! therefore we are not 
	accepting applications.





 
attention dealers and collectors: 
this is to let you know that some of the currently active artworks are being put on a “first come—first serve” basis and they will be retired very soon and not available for purchase. keep in mind that cairn studio cannot guarantee that any particular artwork referred to on this website or order form will be available. 





 

link to cairnstudio.com
copyright © 1999-2007 cairn studio, ltd.

powered by teklogin corp all rights reserveduse policy

