





indoor & outdoor rustic log furniture from great lakes rustics





















 
















 


 











 















































 


















 








 

















 














 



 












  indoor & outdoor rustic log furniture 








































"we ordered a twin bed, a full bed and a set of bunk beds from you back in the fall. 
                   we absolutely love the beds and they match our décor very nicely in our cedar log
                   cabin. we were nervous about ordering over the internet so i placed a call and 
                   tammy was very helpful. the pictures on the internet don't even come close to how 
                   well these beds are made and how great these beds really look. we highly recommend 
                   you to anyone that asks where we purchased our beds from." - jennifer - cabot, vt. 






the finest service!
            


volume discounts
            order securely online or call for more personal attention.
            avoid surprises - we offer tracking so you know when to expect your order. 
            no need to rent a truck - we ship directly to your home.
            receive great customer service - just check out our testimonials!
           

log furniture is the real deal!

  log furniture is made from trees grown in the vast forests of america. hey they're 
    probably even organic! there isn't anything artificial about log furniture. you 
    get to see all of the character and wood grain of the logs used in every piece of 
    wood we use.
    


      a message from the owner


    as a businessman with a family of my own, i 
    realize the importance of genuine quality, value, and commitment to service. this 
    thought goes into every piece of furniture we produce. we make some of the rustic 
    furniture we offer right here in our own shop keeping an eye on quality as many 
    internet retailers are unable to do. we do not take shortcuts to try to make a 
    buck because i know that a happy customer will come back next time they want to 
    make a purchase, and will also tell their friends about this great company they 
    do business with. we don't offer sales hype or sneaky jargon with inflated prices 
    to get your business, just a straight up good product at a great price. we both win! 
    if you have shopped around you will already know that this is the place to be when 
    you are ready to buy your log furniture. – mike messer.
  



      introducing our up north furniture line!

    given our long-term success, great lakes rustics decided to launch a new and innovative furniture line dedicated to filling your room with cherished pieces and unforgettable comfort. aptly named “up north” we like to think of the line as more of that feeling one gets when away from the pressures of life—nestled safely away atop our rustic log furniture. 
"up north" is devoted to enhancing the natural beauty of products found outdoors. seeing nature as our creative inspiration, we utilize  crafters making our porch swings  and log beds using timbers, twigs and branches flourishing straight from the earth. this way, you’ll get only the most authentic “up north” experience of living inside the heart of a beautiful forest. 
our company further specializes in creating complimentary furniture such as log dressers, nightstands, and rustic mirrors. this is where great lakes rustics meets a midsummer night’s dream. imagine transforming your entire home or cabin into a mythical oasis with one simple up north investment. after all, upon purchasing one of our affordable products, every client is promised a sense of wilderness and serenity to bring back to their homes.
ultimately, whether looking to furnish a home, cabin, or resort, great lakes rustics offers a vast selection of furniture and accessories designed to match your desires. after serving hundreds of customers throughout the continental us, alaska, and canada, we’re proud to call ourselves the best and most reliable rustic log furniture company around. please do not hesitate to give us a call or email for any additional information. great lakes rustics is always here, ready and eager to help. 















home


about us


contact


gallery


testimonials


faq's


 links











log beds | bedroom suites | 
        dressers/chests | log armoires | 
        log nightstands | dining table sets
log barstool | rocking chairs | log sofas/chairs | 
        indoor accessories | log coffee tables
log end tables | rustic mirrors | 
        swings | chairs/benches | 
        tables/stands





      best viewed at 800x600 or better.
      copyright © 2001-2011 great lakes rustics llc all rights reserved.
      all prices and specifications are subject to change without notice. 
      all typographical errors are subject to correction.













