
































































times-news | breaking news | | read twin falls, id and idaho breaking news. get latest news, events and information on idaho sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















34°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



crime



business



politics



state



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



cartoons



columnists




sports


high school



college



csi



bsu



outdoors



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



puzzles



columns



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



wills toyota



marketplace



shop local



i love a deal



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires

wills toyota








34°
partly cloudy
























        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            anti-trump, anti-fascist protestors concerned over federal cuts, elon musk's power

"it's just intolerable and this is what we have to do," a twin falls resident said. "regular citizens have to get out and protest what is going on."

















        
        
            scic, src, sawtooth boys basketball tournaments underway

the sawtooth central idaho, snake river and sawtooth conference tournaments got underway monday night and was the only local prep sports action.

















        
        
            csi baseball sweeps weber state club team to start busy week

college of southern idaho baseball’s 12-0 and 11-0 wins in a doubleheader sweep of weber state’s club team monday started a week full of opportunity.

















        
        
            college of southern idaho dance wins national title

the college of southern idaho dance team won the national championship in the 2-year college pom division for the second straight year. 


















        
        
            csi baseball plays weber state's club team | photos

csi plays against the weber state club team monday, feb. 17, 2025, at skip walker field in twin falls. csi defeated them in both games of their double-header.  

















        
        
            beus re-appointed to jerome prosecutor position

sam beus gets to keep his job as prosecuting attorney after jerome county commissioners found a problem with beus' residency.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            scic, src, sawtooth boys basketball tournaments underway


















        
        
            jerome school district cuts 20 positions for next school year



















        
        
            juan soto reports to mets' camp after signing record contract















                
                the latest



















        
        
            south central idaho neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published in times-news 





















        
        
            february 17 recap: south central idaho news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from times-news. 





















        
        
            protesters rally against elon musk and the trump administration in twin falls | photos

protesters rally against elon musk and the trump administration in twin falls on monday afternoon.  





















        
        
            south central idaho neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published in times-news 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            anti-trump, anti-fascist protestors in twin falls are concerned about federal cuts




















        
        
            juan soto reports to mets' camp after signing record contract




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            csi indoor track adds national qualifier at mountain state games

csi freshman savanah hawkes clinched her spot at njcaa men’s and women’s indoor track and field championships with her performance at the mountain state games in pocatello.




















        
        
            csi hoops sweep colorado northwestern cc

college of southern idaho hoops, with each team in bumpy form, won on the same day for the first time since jan. 25.




















        
        
            5 magic valley winter sports teams named academic state champions

oakley led four magic valley schools with winter sports academic state championships with titles in 4a dance and 2a girls basketball, the idaho high school activities association announced friday.





















        
        
            girls basketball — twin falls vs. jerome | photos

the jerome tigers defeat twin falls 49-38 on thursday night, feb. 13, 2025, at jerome high school. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            don’t make yourself sick: check out these tips to avoid foodborne illness

get healthy. according to the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention, foodborne illnesses affect 48 million americans each year.












partner








        
        
            the un‘friend’ly side of social media

get healthy. here are some helpful tips on how to keep your family and yourself safe online.












partner








        
        
            cardio + strength training = the ideal workout combination

get healthy. here’s an explanation of why strength training is so important, and how much of each component it might take to add up to the perfect workout.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            mt harrison heritage foundation



                                        box 747, burley, id 83318
                                    




















        
        
            action cycles & sleds



                                        2540 addison ave e, twin falls, id 83301
                                    



 website






















        
        
            city of buhl urban renewal agency



                                        203 broadway avenue north, buhl, id 83316
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


print edition online

i love a deal

online features

amplified digital agency

caped scholars

magazines & events

get healthy




services


customer service

subscribe

activate

advertise

email alerts

contact us

about us

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        times-news, 132 fairfield st w twin falls, id 83301
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































