














glenwood - health news
































skip to content


 
glenwood
health news

 

search for:


search





menu




primary menu
home
health news
healthy tips
 









the high demand for nurses in the usa
featured

posted on june 28, 2019  by  glenwoodadmin 



 
in recent years the demand for nurses all over the world has risen dramatically, especially in the united states. the medical facilities in the usa are facing a crisis in staffing, which is likely to get worse over the next decade. 

the reason behind this rapid increase in job opportunities is a long term effect that nurses should see as a benefit and an encouragement for them to work in their specialty and improve their life experience too. 
many reasons cause the nurse shortage in the usa. 
one of the primary reasons for the increase is because the population in the united states is already aging. the more the high number of elders, the more the demand for medical care and attention. this is because more people have medical problems and illnesses led by aging. 
another factor contributing to the nurse shortage in the us is because a high population of the current nurses has already gotten to their retirement age. many qualified and retired nurses are quitting their jobs. because of this factor, the us does not have enough human resources in the medical sector, which majorly comprises of nurses. 
besides, the number of graduates in nursing each year is not sufficient to fill the gap left by the quitting and retiring nurses. the youth in the us are not interested in the nursing field. another reason is that the nation does not have enough nursing schools to encourage more nurses. 
due to this challenge, many hospitals and health care facilities are struggling to look for certified and qualified staff nurses. the high demand has led to tight competition in recruiting of nurses. 
this is good news to global qualified and experienced nurses since they can look for nursing jobs in the usa medical facilities with ease. medical administrators are highly employing foreign nurses. 
to become a nurse in the us; legally, there are multiple papers you should fill out since different states have different rules. for you to qualify and become a registered nurse in the us, you must meet the following requirements:
1. you must have undertaken a post-high school nursing program. meaning you must be a high school graduate and went for nursing qualifications. 
2. you should be a certified nurse or have a nursing license at home. this implies that you are legally authorized to practice nursing in the nation where you trained, or where you are living. 
3. you must have experience of one year in your specialization. if you are not a specialist nurse, your specialty would be as an adult nurse. 
4. you should also be able to communicate in english fluently. if you are not an english native, you will be required to produce evidence that you can talk to the needed standards. this means you will have to do an english language test in speaking, reading, writing, and listening. 
if you meet the four qualifications, then you are qualified to secure a nursing job in the united states of america. 
additionally, you will need a visa to get to the us. there are three visa alternatives to working in the united states. 
first, you can apply for a green card visa. to get the permission, you should qualify for all the requirements above, and sit and pass the “commission on graduates of foreign nursing school examination.” this visa takes the longest time to get; however, it is the better option to go for if you want to live for a long time in the us. with the green card, you can also secure a permanent nursing job. 
the second option is applying for an h-1b visa. this visa needs you to have at least a bachelor’s degree in nursing. with a vocational nursing qualification, you will not be allowed an h-1b permit. 
the third alternative is getting an h-1c visa. the government of the us gives five hundred h-1c permits to health workers every year. 
many hospitals in the united states are looking for nurses from other countries to suffice the human resource demand they have. so it is recommendable for nurses to grab the chance now when the need for nurses is still high. 
if you were thinking of securing a nursing job in the usa was not possible, you were wrong. you should start on your applications right now when medical recruiters are desperately looking for you to employ. … 


posted in blog 




what is the role of healthcare professionals?

posted on july 4, 2024  by  gary peters 



healthcare refers to taking care of people and nursing them back to full health. it also involves taking measures to prevent diseases from occurring and spreading. but who are the people who administer healthcare and what is their role in society as a whole? read this blog to find out!
who is a healthcare professional?
according to the american medical association (ama), a healthcare professional is anyone suited by education, training and the necessary licensing to perform a medical service.
medical professionals take care of patients with the application of evidence-based practice. evidence-based practice (ebp) is a medical decision-making process that makes use of knowledge obtained via research and existing theory. these professionals examine, diagnose, treat and prevent injuries, illnesses and other impairments. healthcare professionals should be equipped with the following qualities to succeed in their career:

emotional stability;
empathy
communication and interpersonal skills;
attention to detail;
problem-solving skills;
technical skill and knowledge;
nurturing a team environment;
motivational skills.

types of healthcare professionals list

primary care professionals: these are the physicians whom patients usually approach first to determine the cause of their issue. primary care professionals are divided into different categories, such as:

general doctors: these are the doctors whose areas of specialisations include paediatrics, family medicine or internal medicine, and are usually assisted by physician assistants.
nurse practitioners: nurse practitioners are registered nurses who have completed specialisations in areas like geriatrics, family practice, adult care or paediatrics.
ob/gyn: these are doctors who specialise in the areas of obstetrics and gynaecology.


nursing care professionals: they are of various types, such as:

registered nurses: these are nurses who hold a nursing diploma and are licensed to work in that particular location.
licensed practical nurses: these are caregivers who have obtained the required training to handle different medical conditions.
advanced practice nurses: these nurses have more education and experience compared to registered nurses and licensed practical nurses. advanced practice nurses can obtain training in domains such as community health, prenatal care, cardiac health, anaesthesia and psychiatry.


drug therapy professionals: these health professionals graduate from a pharmaceutical university that allows them to give information about different medicines to patients. the information shared could include the dosage of medicine or its side effects.
specialty care professionals: these doctors usually specialise in one field of medicine after studying about it extensively for a number of years. some specialties include neurology, urology, cardiology, psychiatry and oncology.
therapists: therapists are also considered to be specialists, but their areas of expertise vary from those of doctors. therapists are usually responsible for helping patients recover from injuries and illnesses through working on physical aspects like movement, speech and coordination.

why do we need healthcare professionals?

a flourishing biopharmaceutical industry: according to market research firm evaluate pharma’s annual report, the pharmaceutical industry is set to grow by 6.4% until 2024, with prescription drug sales anticipated to exceed £900 million. with this constantly increasing growth, it should be no surprise to see a hike in demand for healthcare professionals.
increased competition: this growth in the healthcare industry means that more people are striving to build careers in this field, many of whom are determined to make a difference will succeed in this industry. in addition, the overall competition in the industry and the determination of these people will improve their excitement and creativity throughout their careers, which will definitely benefit the healthcare industry. as more professionals enter this industry, it will give more opportunities for people to specialize in niche fields.
introduction of new technologies: technology has made its breakthrough in the healthcare industry, which is shown in the increase in research and treatment options as well as in data collection. innovation in healthcare technology, which includes remote patient monitoring and wireless sensor technologies, has encouraged professionals to join the healthcare industry. in addition, as technology gets fully incorporated in healthcare, there will be an even greater demand for healthcare professionals to design, assess and manage new technologies and healthcare facilities.

role of healthcare professionals
“some heroes don’t wear capes, we call them healthcare professionals.” this phrase completely holds true and most of us must have experienced some form of it throughout our lives. healthcare professionals play an extremely critical role in all our lives by:

providing patients with preventive medication;
preventing diseases from spreading;
educating people about prevention, cures and other such tips;
disseminating information about how to live healthy lives.

if you have an eye for detail, are empathetic and have the drive to help people, you should definitely think about becoming a healthcare professional. … 


posted in blog 




4 strategies to effectively spread public health awareness

posted on may 30, 2024  by  gary peters 



ralph waldo emerson once said, “the first wealth is health”. that’s why public healthcare agencies must find effective ways to regularly promote individual and community well-being.
but, how can these agencies communicate in a way that informs, educates, and drives individuals to take action? additionally, how can they use their communications to promote health equity? the answer: by running structured public health awareness campaigns.
with thoughtful awareness language and messaging, agencies can offer crucial information needed to foster a healthier, more resilient society. in this guide, we will unpack the steps needed to craft a comprehensive and compelling public health awareness campaign. 
1. use data to segment your audience.
the first step in improving public health awareness is to understand who your audience is and how you can reach them most effectively. cultural differences, demographics, and other factors can determine whether your healthcare messaging resonates with your target audience.
that said, it’s essential to develop cultural awareness and sensitivity to provide patient-centered messaging that respects diverse backgrounds and values. to do this, your public health agency can use data to segment your audience. with this data, you can:

identify relevant topics: dig deeper into population trends to craft relevant messages for your audience. for instance, an audience of young mothers should receive pediatric care messaging while an elderly audience might receive senior wellness check messaging.
tailor messaging based on age: data can be used to finalize specific advice based on age groups. for instance, many have found that text and video messaging resonates with millennials. 
provide language and cultural context: reference population data to ensure your messaging aligns with their preferred language. 
offer geographic insight: you can also use data to reference disease hotspots based on geographic location. a region with lower vaccination rates, for example, can receive urgent messaging to protect themselves and others by getting vaccinated. 

consider partnering with healthcare organizations to find data that can provide additional campaign context. for example, providers using advanced analytic solutions can access insights into high-risk population groups. analytic models like arcadia’s healthcare dashboard can break down hospital metrics and other relevant social factors that are linked to disease.
2. refine your communication.
refine your communication to ensure that it will resonate with the right audience, provide the right information, and be easy to understand. the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc) provides this guidance from its health communication playbook to get started: 

identify your key messages: craft a short 1-2 sentence description that conveys exactly what you want your target audience to know. each communication should only have one to three key messages to keep it to the point.
include talking points: these points should describe complex issues or events. they are backed by research, simple to understand, and directly relate to the key messages.
write clearly and concisely: choose an active voice and replace medical jargon and scientific terms with inclusive language. group information into headings so it’s easier for the audience to digest.
make your material visually appealing: if your communications are written, break up dense text and ensure your words have plenty of blank space. if you choose to use a video medium, make sure your background is clutter-free and the focus remains directly on the subject. 

to visualize these points, the cdc references the agency for toxic substances and disease registry (atsdr)’s key message concerning an outbreak of polycythemia vera (pv) blood cancer in eastern pennsylvania: protecting public health is atsdr’s top priority.
atsdr’s talking points include: 

atsdr has been investigating pv in eastern pennsylvania since 2006.
atsdr responded immediately when the pennsylvania department of

health asked us to investigate pv in eastern pennsylvania.

atsdr has secured grants and worked with experts to carry out the investigation.

these talking points are short and to the point as each one connects back to the key message that atsdr is making meaningful steps to protect public health. 
3. adopt an omnichannel communication approach.
to expand your reach, it’s necessary to explore several communication channels to provide useful public health updates. double the donation’s marketing guide recommends combining these channels to create a cohesive and consistent experience for your audience. 
refer to your audience data for more details on which channels to prioritize. as a starting point, consider leveraging these channels:

social media: raise awareness about new, emerging annual health concerns and trends on facebook, twitter, and instagram. you can use these platforms to discuss daily health tips and share informative infographics. 
email newsletters and text messaging: encourage community members to sign up for email newsletters to receive the latest research updates and expert advice on topics most relevant to them. invite them to sign up for text messaging updates such as flu shot reminders. 
website: include comprehensive resources for community members to find more information about disease management, prevention, and healthy lifestyle tips. optimize your website for user experience with clear navigation and display. 

update each channel consistently and continue to use clear, straightforward language. consider directing followers to check out your website for more information on complex topics. 
4. use video to highlight success stories.
video storytelling is a captivating and effective way to get your message across. video is a great medium to humanize your messaging and help your community better understand the benefits of following research-backed health guidance. it also acts as social proof to convince viewers to take the next step in … 


posted in blog 




what is a paralegal? a discovery of this legal role

posted on april 23, 2024  by  gary peters 



there’s something undeniably intriguing about the legal world. there’s a sense of power and importance when you work in a field guiding the rules of society. after all, decisions in courtrooms can change millions of lives, and the mountains of paperwork legal offices generate add up to very real consequences.
you might be interested in this field, but the seven-plus years of education and training it takes to become an attorney may seem like a heavy commitment. a career as a paralegal sounds interesting, but like any good legal mind, you want to do your research first.
what is a paralegal, exactly? and how does someone get into this career?
we connected with paralegal pros and dug into the numbers to find out exactly what the paralegal profession entails. pay attention to this insider insight to help you decide whether this career is right for you.
what is a paralegal, anyway?
paralegals are typically employed by a lawyer or law firm, acting as a jack-of-all-trades for their respective employer. they may assist with administrative duties, case prep and any other elements that help ensure a law office runs smoothly. “my paralegal is my right hand,” says elizabeth ricci, esq. “a good paralegal is vital to the success of any law practice.”
ricci adds that her paralegal maintains her calendar, keeps clients informed of the status of their cases and performs legal work under her direction. paralegals tend to have a hand in several aspects of the business, toeing the line between legal secretary and entry-level lawyer, depending on the practice and the paralegal’s experience.
what are some common paralegal job duties?
though paralegal duties tend to vary depending on work setting—working directly for a corporation or in law firm—and firm size, you can likely count on these duties in most job descriptions:

interacting with clients: helping interview clients, gathering details of a case or touching base to schedule appointments.
research and writing: fact-checking, conducting research and writing reports on your findings.
assisting with case preparation: gathering evidence, proofreading or taking notes during the trial.

in small firms, paralegals may find themselves assisting in nearly every aspect of a case from filing lawsuits, to assisting in court and scheduling depositions and meetings. however, in large firms, paralegals may be assigned to a specific phase of an individual case—like gathering research or collecting and organizing evidence.
paralegals can also specialize in certain areas of law and go deep into niche areas of expertise. check out “8 types of paralegals who specialize in different fields of law” for a look at some of those options.
where do paralegals work?
most paralegals (nearly 75 percent) work in law firms, according to the bureau of labor statistics (bls).1 law firms specialize in many areas including personal injury, international, family, estate planning and intellectual property law.
paralegals in law firms do the vast majority of their work within the office setting, but at times they may travel to do research or assist during a trial. this type of work is often fast-paced with tight deadlines that may require paralegals to work more than 40 hours a week, but it varies depending on the law firm.
there are two primary legal sectors paralegals work in: corporate and litigation. corporate paralegals often work for in-house legal departments within large companies—assisting with employee contracts, shareholder agreements, stock-option plans and keeping tabs on government regulations. many companies opt for in-house legal staff, instead of hiring outside law firms to help them lower costs.
on the other hand, litigation paralegals work wherever there is legal action to be taken, often organizing evidence, getting documents from clients, doing research and prepping for trials—including making logistical arrangements. these types of paralegals often work for law firms and make up the majority of the paralegal workforce. … 


posted in blog 




what are 10 tips for a healthy lifestyle?

posted on april 23, 2024  by  gary peters 



making healthy habits part of your daily life means you’re less likely to get sick, whether it’s diabetes, heart disease, or even cancer. but living a healthy lifestyle requires constant and consistent effort.
here are 10 tips for a healthy lifestyle.
10 tips for a healthy lifestyle
1. eat a balanced diet

add variety to your meals. eat a variety of foods that includes fruit, vegetables, legumes, nuts, seeds, and whole grains. aim to eat at least 5 servings (400 grams) of fruits and vegetables every day, especially fresh, seasonal ones. if you aren’t vegetarian, include fatty fish in your diet, since omega-3 fatty acids can help prevent inflammatory diseases such as heart diseases.
cut back on salt. your daily salt consumption should not exceed 1 gram (or 1 teaspoon). add less salt when preparing your meal, limit the amount of high-sodium condiments like soy sauce you add to your foods, and avoid salty snacks. reducing the amount of sodium in your diet decreases your risk for high blood pressure.
limit your sugar intake. limit your sugar intake to 50 grams or about 12 teaspoons a day. you can achieve this by avoiding snacks, candies, and sweetened drinks, such as fruit juices and sodas. reducing your sugar intake reduces your likelihood of developing diseases such as diabetes, heart disease, stroke, and some cancers.
avoid unhealthy fats. fats should only make up 30% of your total energy intake. stick to unsaturated fats, such as olive oil, fish, nuts, seeds, and avocados. avoid saturated fats, such as red meat, butter, and cheese, as well as trans fats, such as baked foods and prepackaged, ready-to-eat items.

2. stay well hydrated
remember to drink 8 glasses of water a day. your body is made up of 80% water, and water is necessary for regular bowel function, optimal muscle performance, and immune and skin health. not drinking enough water can cause dehydration, fatigue, headache, dry skin, and weakened immunity.
3. exercise regularly
try to get at least 150 minutes of exercises a week or 30 minutes of exercise at least 5 days a week. whether it’s walking, jogging, swimming, or doing an at-home pilates workout, the goal is to stay physically active. exercise not only helps you maintain a healthy weight, but also decreases your risk of developing diseases as a result of a sedentary lifestyle.
4. get enough good sleep
there is a strong link between sleep and the immune system. getting seven to nine hours of sleep heals and strengthens your body while you are asleep. good sleep is vital for your physical and mental health.
5. limit your alcohol intake
drinking alcohol in excess can lead to liver diseases and even liver cancer in the long run. alcohol abuse can also cause impaired judgment and even lead to accidents and injuries.
men should limit alcoholic drinks to 2 a day, while women should limit alcohol drinks to 1 drink a day. 
6. do not smoke
smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer across the globe. apart from lung cancer, smoking contributes to the development of other organ cancers as well. it also increases your risk for heart disease. 
in addition to being harmful to your own health, smoking is also harmful to the people around you. secondhand smoking damages the airways and the lungs and is also a leading cause of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd).
7. protect yourself from the sun
frequent and long-term sun exposure is associated with a greater risk of skin cancer. avoid staying out in the sun for long, and make sure to protect yourself from the sun’s rays with sunscreen and long sleeved clothing when you are outdoors. 
8. wash your hands
washing your hands frequently with soap and water or using an alcohol-based sanitizer is a simple but effective way to stop the spread of infection. always remember to follow this practice before making or eating food, after handling waste products, after using the bathroom, and while caring for a sick person.
9. manage your stress
stress is a known trigger for many illnesses from migraines to heart problems. find ways to relieve stress, whether it’s watching a funny movie, painting, going for long walks, working in the garden, listening to music, or soaking in a bubble bath. 
another effective way to get out negative thoughts is to talk to your friends and family members. sharing how you feel with people you trust can provide immediate stress relief and help you let go of tension.
10. practice safe sex
taking care of your sexual health is important for your overall health. practice safe sex by using condoms to prevent hiv and other sexually transmitted infections, such as gonorrhea and syphilis.… 


posted in blog 




7 best health tips to be in good shape

posted on february 16, 2024  by  gary peters 



every year, a lot of people join the gym to get the body they always imagined.
unfortunately, only some of them continue to go to the gym after 1 – 2 months. either it doesn’t suit there routine or they make an excuse to ditch going to the gym.
besides, people keep asking others how to get a better body or what to eat, drink or do for a slender and lean body. in a lot of cases, they forget the new additions to their routine.
although there are a lot of health tips, numerous blogs, and articles talking about doing this and that to get in good shape, i won’t. i’m going to tell you my favorite healthy tips that will help you lose as much or as little weight as you want. it needs dedication and fortunately, it does not include exercise.
why getting in good shape is important?
you must be wondering how can you get in good shape without exercise? the same can be achieved by adjusting your routine and eating habits a bit. it will make your weight-loss journey a fast and lasting process.
aren’t you excited to learn how can you get rid of extra belly fat or drop a couple of pounds?
the reason why many people are constantly looking to get slim or drop a few pounds is uprooted in the mind-set of society. a lot of people shame bodies of somewhat heavier people.
here’s where the art of a macro-diet plan comes to play. you may wonder why should i count macros?
let’s see. i believe that we should nurture our bodies in the best possible way. our bodies need the right number of macronutrients to be at the best level.
so, you might not need to cut calories or become obsessed with the number on the scale.
start today to get in good shape easily


remember, it is a commitment to your health and well-being. know that you eat to nurture your body and not to satisfy your cravings.
if we are to talk about macro-counting, i would like to tell you about the importance of the number of meals you should eat daily.
a meal plan must have 5 meals a day, 3 main meals (breakfast, lunch, and dinner) and 2 small meals or snacks (morning snack and evening snack).
1. walking to get strong


every fitness trainer will tell you that a balanced workout plan that includes strength, cardio, and flexibility training. illness or injury may hinder but frailty is what kills us.
see, the thing is, our bodies can’t recover as well if we’re not strong. moreover, even busy doctors follow a fitness regime and workout every morning, even its for 10 – 15 minutes. it is better for you than the occasional hour-long gym session.
furthermore, you can say goodbye to boring treadmill sessions. another thing is walking, if you are not lazy for a good walk, try making it longer.
also read: 9 simple tips and diet plan that will help you lose weight in just 30 days
2. exotic veggies


vegetables, in general, contain a lot of nutrients. some exotic vegetables such as celeriac and artichoke are not easy to add in regular meals.
but you don’t need to worry about it. broccoli is one of the best options because it cleanses the liver and helps fight cancer.
most doctors say to clean and slice broccoli five to 10 minutes before cooking and then steam or microwave them to help retain the most cancer-fighting compounds.
3. sun bath


a lot of research is done on the effects of the sun. the finding revealed that vitamin d may play a crucial role in weight loss.
the same is said as it controls appetite and helps the fat cells become more metabolically active. the best advantage of the sunshine vitamin is it helps our body absorb calcium boosting bone strength, improves immunity, reduces inflammation, and may even protect against some forms of cancer.
the other best sources of vitamin d are salmon, tuna, mackerel, and fish liver oils, beef liver, cheese, and egg yolks also contain small amounts.
4. drink water for fitness


drinking water is crucial for staying healthy, hydrated, energized, and even losing weight. some of you might not know but hunger is often disguised as thirst.
so, keeping yourself hydrated boosts your metabolism, and water is the best energy drink available.
to know how much water you should be drinking, divide your body weight (in pounds) by two and try drinking that many ounces of water every day.
5. count nutrients not calories


it’s given that calorie intake is directly related to weight loss, the quality of the food is also important and often ignored. you can not just lose weight by cutting calories. your brain signals the body to consume nutrients, not calories.
however, it will signal you to eat until you’re satisfied. the best way to increase nutrient intake is by eating foods such as yogurt, nuts, whole grains, fruits, and vegetables.
the results from consistently eating them aren’t exactly ground-breaking, but they confirm what weight-loss experts have been recommending for years.
6. love your sleep


some people say ‘you snooze, you lose’ to motivate others for getting up at first sound of the alarm. this saying couldn’t be more accurate when it comes to shedding weight.
as per sleep … 


posted in blog 




what you can do to maintain your health

posted on january 2, 2024  by  gary peters 


a lot of factors play a role in staying healthy. in turn, good health can decrease your risk of developing certain diseases or conditions. these include heart disease, stroke, some cancers, and injuries. learn what you can do to maintain your and your family’s health.
path to improved health
eat healthy
what you eat is closely linked to your health. balanced nutrition has many benefits. by making healthier food choices, you can prevent or treat some conditions. these include heart disease, stroke, and diabetes. a healthy diet can help you lose weight and lower your cholesterol, as well.
get regular exercise
exercise can help prevent heart disease, stroke, diabetes, and colon cancer. it can help treat depression, osteoporosis, and high blood pressure. people who exercise also get injured less often. routine exercise can make you feel better and keep your weight under control. try to be active for 30 to 60 minutes about 5 times a week. remember, any amount of exercise is better than none.

lose weight if you’re overweight
many americans are overweight. carrying too much weight increases your risk for several health conditions. these include: 

high blood pressure
high cholesterol
type 2 diabetes
heart disease
stroke
some cancers
gallbladder disease

being overweight also can lead to weight-related injuries. a common problem is arthritis in the weight-bearing joints, such as your spine, hips, or knees. there are several things you can try to help you lose weight and keep it off.
protect your skin
sun exposure is linked to skin cancer. this is the most common type of cancer in the united states. it’s best to limit your time spent in the sun. be sure to wear protective clothing and hats when you are outside. use sunscreen year-round on exposed skin, like your face and hands. it protects your skin and helps prevent skin cancer. choose a broad-spectrum sunscreen that blocks both uva and uvb rays. it should be at least an spf 15. do not sunbathe or use tanning booths.
practice safe sex
safe sex is good for your emotional and physical health. the safest form of sex is between 2 people who only have sex with each other. use protection to prevent sexually transmitted infections (stis). condoms are the most effective form of prevention. talk to your doctor if you need to be tested for stis.
don’t smoke or use tobacco
smoking and tobacco use are harmful habits. they can cause heart disease and mouth, throat, or lung cancer. they also are leading factors of emphysema and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd). the sooner you quit, the better.
limit how much alcohol you drink
men should have no more than 2 drinks a day. women should have no more than 1 drink a day. one drink is equal to 12 ounces of beer, 5 ounces of wine, or 1.5 ounces of liquor. too much alcohol can damage your liver. it can cause some cancers, such as throat, liver, or pancreas cancer. alcohol abuse also contributes to deaths from car wrecks, murders, and suicides.
things to consider
in addition to the factors listed above, you should make time for whole body health. visit your doctors for regular checkups. this includes your primary doctor as well as your dentist and eye doctor. let your health benefits and preventive care services work for you. make sure you know what your health insurance plan involves. preventive care can detect disease or prevent illness before they start. this includes certain doctor visits and screenings.
you need to make time for breast health. breast cancer is a leading cause of death for women. men can get breast cancer, too. talk to your doctor about when you should start getting mammograms. you may need to start screening early if you have risk factors, such as family history. one way to detect breast cancer is to do a monthly self-exam.
women should get routine pap smears as well. women ages 21 to 65 should get tested every 3 years. this may differ if you have certain conditions or have had your cervix removed.
ask your doctor about other cancer screenings. adults should get screened for colorectal cancer starting at age 45. your doctor may want to check for other types of cancer. this will depend on your risk factors and family history.
if you smoke more than 30 packs a year (or vape the equivalent), your doctor may recommend a low-dose ct scan (a type of x-ray) to check for cancer.
your doctor also may recommend a total body skin exam if you are out in the sun a great deal or have a family history of skin cancer.
keep a list of current medicines you take. you also should stay up to date on shots, including getting an annual flu shot. adults need a td booster every 10 years. your doctor may substitute it with tdap. this also protects against whooping cough (pertussis). women who are pregnant need the tdap vaccine. people who are in close contact with babies should get it as well.
questions to ask your doctor

how many calories should i eat and how often should i exercise to maintain my current weight?
should i have a yearly physical exam?
what types of preventive care does my insurance cover?
when should i start getting screened for certain cancers and conditions?
which healthy choice is the most …            


posted in blog 




7 tips to live a happier life

posted on november 10, 2023  by  gary peters 



do you wake up feeling sluggish most mornings? have caffeinated beverages become a necessity to help power you through the day?
if this sounds familiar, it’s time to ditch the quick fixes you rely on, and develop an energy management plan. getting started may seem daunting, but soon you’ll be energized to keep going once you recap the benefits of a happier, healthier and more productive lifestyle.
what is energy management?
think of your energy as a limited resource, like money in an account. you begin the day with a certain amount to spend. the amount varies from person to person based on factors, such as age, sleep, stress levels, medical conditions and lifestyle.
activities and interactions withdraw energy from or deposit energy into your account. while you may not always have control over activities that deplete your energy, you can take steps to deposit more energy into your account.
follow these seven tips to increase your energy and live a happier, healthier, more productive life:
1. eat nourishing food.
a well-balanced, healthy diet is at the core of well-being. but it’s common to regard healthy eating primarily as a tool for weight loss. according to the 2020 dietary guidelines for americans, a balanced diet high in fruits and vegetables, lean protein, low-fat dairy and whole grains is needed for optimal energy. you really are what you eat.
consume a variety of foods from all the food groups to get a range of nutrients to provide energy throughout the day. opt for fresh or frozen fruits and vegetables, especially nutrient-dense dark, leafy greens and broccoli, as well as orange vegetables, like carrots and sweet potatoes. you can choose from many types of fish and legumes to choose from for healthy protein options. aim to eat 3 ounces of whole-grain cereals, breads, rice or pasta daily.
2. sleep seven to eight hours per night.
prioritizing sleep is one of the best things you can do to set yourself up for a successful, energized day. sleep deprivation can perpetuate serious health conditions, as well as negatively affect your mood, motivation and energy levels. getting quality sleep is a healthy habit many people need to improve. most adults need at least seven to eight hours of shut-eye each night, so what prevents them from getting it?
observe your sleep patterns if you struggle with sleep. take note of how much you sleep each night, factors that contribute to your sleep or lack of it, how rested you feel, and how much energy you have during your day. then try sleep strategies to improve your sleep, like creating a relaxing and restful environment, minimizing light and noise, establishing a bedtime routine, managing stress, and turning off electronic devices.
whatever you decide to start with, be consistent. utilizing the same sleep routine and sleep strategies will help develop your body’s internal alarm clock and can lead to improved sleep quality. with improved sleep quality, people experience better health, and improved emotional well-being, lower risk of diseases, and are more productive.
3. keep company with good people.
maximize the amount of time that you spend with people you enjoy being around. connecting with others who radiate positivity and have similar interests will excite and energize you.
on the other side, people you don’t relate to or who have negative outlooks, complain often, or make poor choices will only drain your energy account. be selective about the company you keep.
it’s important to set limits and boundaries to protect yourself and conserve your energy when around people who do not refill your energy reserves.
4. avoid news overdose.
consuming news is an important way to stay connected to what’s happening in the world. it can be educational, entertaining and even uplifting.
unfortunately, the news too frequently is filled with stories of suffering. these stories can skew your view of the world and cause you to focus on your worst fears instead of recognizing the good that surrounds you.
you can’t avoid these stories altogether, but try to minimize your exposure when you can, especially during trying times.
5. get regular exercise.
do you find yourself feeling lethargic halfway through the day? have you ever gotten winded by simple everyday duties, such as grocery shopping or household chores? the department of health and human services recommends that adults complete at least 150 minutes of moderate intensity physical activity each week. contrary to what you might believe, this will add to your energy account and not subtract from it.
exercise relieves stress and tension, strengthens muscles and boosts endurance, and helps your body work more efficiently during other physical tasks or activities.
6. do something meaningful each day.
what do you feel passionate about? do you have a special talent that you’d like to practice more often or share with others? do something you enjoy every day, even if it’s a simple act like cooking a healthy meal or listening to your favorite song. putting effort into the things that matter most to you will help you use and reserve your energy in ways that will bring out the best in you.
7. think good thoughts for others.
maintaining a compassionate mindset is another way to conserve energy. one example of practicing this way of thinking is called kind attention. for example, try to make eye contact with a stranger and smile, while thinking “i wish you well.” this … 


posted in blog 




5 reasons why you should live a consistently healthy lifestyle

posted on september 29, 2023  by  gary peters 



a healthy lifestyle isn’t built in a day. here are five benefits of consistency that’ll kick-start your fitness journey.
by catherine santino
if you’ve ever heard the saying, “living a healthy lifestyle is a marathon, not a sprint,” it’s for good reason! it takes time to cultivate a routine that works for you, and once you do, it will likely become second nature. you won’t remember a time before your regular gym sessions or healthy breakfasts! and you won’t want to.
it’s also important to remember that no routine looks the same, nor should it. depending on your health, age, time constraints, and many other factors, a healthy lifestyle and sustainable routine can mean a lot of different things. once you find yours — hopefully, with the guidance of a medical professional — there will be a ton of reasons you’ll want to stick with it.
here are five benefits of consistency that’ll kick-start your journey.
1. you’ll avoid burnout
it’s great to challenge yourself in the gym, but if you push too hard at the beginning, you’ll likely run out of steam. instead, finding a consistent workout routine that incorporates balance (and ample recovery time) will keep you motivated day after day.
don’t know where to start in the gym? try some basic shoulder and arm exercises, as well as treadmill workouts and this beginner lower body routine.
2. you’ll actually see (and feel) results
committing to regular exercise is the surest way to strengthen your body and see real results — especially in the way you feel! according to thecenters for disease control and prevention, consistent exercise can reduce your risk of cardiovascular disease, strengthen your bones and muscles, and even improve your mental health.
3. you’ll feel more organized
if you’re able to regulate your fitness routine, chances are you’ll start to feel more motivated in other areas of your life as well. while you’re penciling in your gym time, go ahead and schedule that doctor appointment you’ve been putting off. a healthy lifestyle is about more than fitness and nutrition — it’s about taking care of yourself in every way.
4. you’ll boost your confidence
not only will you be proud of the changes in your body, you’ll feel proud of the commitment you’ve made to your health and yourself! you deserve to be the best version of yourself, and a healthy lifestyle will reinforce this sentiment.
5. you’ll have room to grow and challenge yourself
once you’ve built a stable routine for yourself, you’ll be able to tackle new feats at the gym. consider trying a 30-day challenge or signing up for atraining session that introduces you to new exercise equipment.
safety is, of course, your top priority — but don’t be afraid to challenge yourself! as always, please consult with a physician prior to beginning any exercise program. see full medical disclaimer here.… 


posted in blog 




tips for staying healthy

posted on august 15, 2023  by  gary peters 


a healthy lifestyle can help you thrive throughout your life. making healthy choices isn’t always easy, however. it can be hard to find the time and energy to exercise regularly or prepare healthy meals. however, your efforts will pay off in many ways, and for the rest of your life.
steps you can take:

be physically active for 30 minutes most days of the week. break this up into three 10-minute sessions when pressed for time. healthy movement may include walking, sports, dancing, yoga, running or other activities you enjoy.
eat a well-balanced, low-fat diet with lots of fruits, vegetables and whole grains. choose a diet that’s low in saturated fat and cholesterol, and moderate in sugar, salt and total fat.
avoid injury by wearing seatbelts and bike helmets, using smoke and carbon monoxide detectors in the home, and using street smarts when walking alone. if you own a gun, recognize the dangers of having a gun in your home. use safety precautions at all times.
don’t smoke, or quit if you do. ask your health care provider for help. ucsf’s tobacco education center offers smoking cessation and relapse prevention classes as well as doctor consultations for smokers trying to quit.
drink in moderation if you drink alcohol. never drink before or while driving, or when pregnant.
ask someone you trust for help if you think you might be addicted to drugs or alcohol.
help prevent sexually transmitted infections (stis) and hiv/aids by using condoms every time you have sexual contact. condoms aren’t 100 percent foolproof, so discuss sti screening with your provider. birth control methods other than condoms, such as pills and implants, won’t protect you from stis or hiv.
brush your teeth after meals with a soft or medium bristled toothbrush. also brush after drinking and before going to bed. use dental floss daily.
stay out of the sun, especially between 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. when the sun’s harmful rays are strongest. you are not protected if it is cloudy or if you are in the water — harmful rays pass through both. use a broad spectrum sunscreen that guards against both uva and uvb rays, with a sun protection factor (spf) of 15 or higher. select sunglasses that block 99 to 100 percent of the sun’s rays.

maintaining a healthy outlook
women today have busy, demanding lives. you may feel pulled in different directions and experience stress from dealing with work, family and other matters, leaving little time for yourself. learning to balance your life with some time for yourself will pay off with big benefits — a healthy outlook and better health.
steps you can take:

stay in touch with family and friends.
be involved in your community.
maintain a positive attitude and do things that make you happy.
keep your curiosity alive. lifelong learning is beneficial to your health.
healthy intimacy takes all forms but is always free of coercion.
learn to recognize and manage stress in your life. signs of stress include trouble sleeping, frequent headaches and stomach problems; being angry a lot; and turning to food, drugs and alcohol to relieve stress.
good ways to deal with stress include regular exercise, healthy eating habits and relaxation exercises, such as deep breathing or meditation. talking to trusted family members and friends can help a lot. some women find that interacting with their faith community is helpful in times of stress.
get enough sleep and rest. adults need around eight hours of sleep a night.
talk to your health care provider if you feel depressed for more than a few days; depression is a treatable illness. signs of depression include feeling empty and sad, crying a lot, loss of interest in life, and thoughts of death or suicide. if you or someone you know has thoughts of suicide, get help right away. call 911, a local crisis center or (800) suicide.
…            


posted in blog 




what you can do to maintain your health

posted on july 12, 2023  by  gary peters 



a lot of factors play a role in staying healthy. in turn, good health can decrease your risk of developing certain diseases or conditions. these include heart disease, stroke, some cancers, and injuries. learn what you can do to maintain your and your family’s health.
path to improved health
eat healthy
what you eat is closely linked to your health. balanced nutrition has many benefits. by making healthier food choices, you can prevent or treat some conditions. these include heart disease, stroke, and diabetes. a healthy diet can help you lose weight and lower your cholesterol, as well.
get regular exercise
exercise can help prevent heart disease, stroke, diabetes, and colon cancer. it can help treat depression, osteoporosis, and high blood pressure. people who exercise also get injured less often. routine exercise can make you feel better and keep your weight under control. try to be active for 30 to 60 minutes about 5 times a week. remember, any amount of exercise is better than none.
lose weight if you’re overweight
many americans are overweight. carrying too much weight increases your risk for several health conditions. these include: 

high blood pressure
high cholesterol
type 2 diabetes
heart disease
stroke
some cancers
gallbladder disease

being overweight also can lead to weight-related injuries. a common problem is arthritis in the weight-bearing joints, such as your spine, hips, or knees. there are several things you can try to help you lose weight and keep it off.
protect your skin
sun exposure is linked to skin cancer. this is the most common type of cancer in the united states. it’s best to limit your time spent in the sun. be sure to wear protective clothing and hats when you are outside. use sunscreen year-round on exposed skin, like your face and hands. it protects your skin and helps prevent skin cancer. choose a broad-spectrum sunscreen that blocks both uva and uvb rays. it should be at least an spf 15. do not sunbathe or use tanning booths.
practice safe sex
safe sex is good for your emotional and physical health. the safest form of sex is between 2 people who only have sex with each other. use protection to prevent sexually transmitted infections (stis). condoms are the most effective form of prevention. talk to your doctor if you need to be tested for stis.
don’t smoke or use tobacco
smoking and tobacco use are harmful habits. they can cause heart disease and mouth, throat, or lung cancer. they also are leading factors of emphysema and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd). the sooner you quit, the better.
limit how much alcohol you drink
men should have no more than 2 drinks a day. women should have no more than 1 drink a day. one drink is equal to 12 ounces of beer, 5 ounces of wine, or 1.5 ounces of liquor. too much alcohol can damage your liver. it can cause some cancers, such as throat, liver, or pancreas cancer. alcohol abuse also contributes to deaths from car wrecks, murders, and suicides.
things to consider
in addition to the factors listed above, you should make time for whole body health. visit your doctors for regular checkups. this includes your primary doctor as well as your dentist and eye doctor. let your health benefits and preventive care services work for you. make sure you know what your health insurance plan involves. preventive care can detect disease or prevent illness before they start. this includes certain doctor visits and screenings.
you need to make time for breast health. breast cancer is a leading cause of death for women. men can get breast cancer, too. talk to your doctor about when you should start getting mammograms. you may need to start screening early if you have risk factors, such as family history. one way to detect breast cancer is to do a monthly self-exam.
women should get routine pap smears as well. women ages 21 to 65 should get tested every 3 years. this may differ if you have certain conditions or have had your cervix removed.
ask your doctor about other cancer screenings. adults should get screened for colorectal cancer starting at age 45. your doctor may want to check for other types of cancer. this will depend on your risk factors and family history.
if you smoke more than 30 packs a year (or vape the equivalent), your doctor may recommend a low-dose ct scan (a type of x-ray) to check for cancer.
your doctor also may recommend a total body skin exam if you are out in the sun a great deal or have a family history of skin cancer.
keep a list of current medicines you take. you also should stay up to date on shots, including getting an annual flu shot. adults need a td booster every 10 years. your doctor may substitute it with tdap. this also protects against whooping cough (pertussis). women who are pregnant need the tdap vaccine. people who are in close contact with babies should get it as well.
questions to ask your doctor

how many calories should i eat and how often should i exercise to maintain my current weight?
should i have a yearly physical exam?
what types of preventive care does my insurance cover?
when should i start getting screened for certain cancers and conditions?
which healthy choice is the most …            


posted in blog 



post navigation
← older posts





primary sidebar widget area
search 

search for:


search



recent posts


what is the role of healthcare professionals?


4 strategies to effectively spread public health awareness


what is a paralegal? a discovery of this legal role


what are 10 tips for a healthy lifestyle?


7 best health tips to be in good shape


 health feeds 






copyright © 2025 glenwood. all rights reserved. theme: catch box by catch themes
 


scroll up













