
















nata |










































































main menu










become a member
for the public
login
search








         




become a member
for the public
login


search





 


aboutabout nata
athletic training
more information

membership
career & education
professional interests
practice & patient care
advocacy
news & publications
 











career center 


find a job
post a jobsecondary school employment grant
sample job descriptions
25th percentile salary guidelines

at salary survey









      education    


online learning opportunities
eventsconvention
forward motion
vatec 2024
webinars
timely topics
copa con 2024

resources & toolsdegree change frequently asked questions
education workgroups






































job settings 


college /university
higher education
professional sports
secondary school









emerging settings 


private practice and emerging settings









      more    


students
career advancement
young professionals
international
state leaders
diversity, equity, inclusion & accessaccessibility
ethnic diversity
lgbtq+













  











federal 


natapac
bills we support
capitol hill day
legislative action center





state 













youth sports safety 


safe sports school award









public relations 


at your own risk
national athletic training month
success through strategy












  











about membership 


join or renew
nata member resource library
membership dues calculator
benefits of membershipenhanced access faqs

member categories
member resourcesats care
athletic training manifesto
membership standards and sanctions










get involved 


volunteer
volunteer committees
volunteer resources
gather









shop 


natagear









honors and awards 


hall of fame
other awards












  











health care topics 


covid-19 (coronavirus)
cultural competence
more health topics









research 


education advancement
nata foundation
statements





risk and liability 


documentation
liability

















  











career center 


find a job
post a jobsecondary school employment grant
sample job descriptions
25th percentile salary guidelines

at salary survey









education 


online learning opportunities
eventsconvention
forward motion
vatec 2024
webinars
timely topics
copa con 2024

resources & toolsdegree change frequently asked questions
education workgroups












  











press room 


press releases
statementsposition
official
consensus
support










publications 


nata news
nata now
journal of athletic training
at education journal
sports medicine legal digest
books
podcast
range of motion









do business with nata 


media kit
at expo
sponsorships












  











athletic training 


education overview
terminology
job settings









about nata 


board of directors
districts and states
nata strategic plan
diversity, equity, inclusion & accessibility (deia)
nata history
nata staff
strategic alliance









more information 


for students












  





 



















  
 nata educate provides users with an extensive educational library, a customizable experience, the ability to interact with peers and more.
 
learn more
  

  
 the nata-cast is the official podcast of the national athletic trainers’ association, providing in-depth conversations about health care topics that interest you – the athletic trainer.
 
learn more
  

  
 connect and converse in real-time with thought leaders on hot topics in athletic training.
learn more
  

  
 renew your membership today!

unlock exclusive member benefits for 2025 and elevate your impact with nata.
renew now
  







 










 

 
hot topics
nata 2025 housing is open, book now!new for 2025: enhanced access to nata educatenata member resource librarynata salary survey resources


 













 







 






join or renew
 
joining nata offers athletic trainers valuable benefits in professional development, advocacy, connection and support, including enhanced access to the entire nata educate on-demand course catalog and access to a variety of resources like the salary survey, or the nata career center, the best place to find athletic training jobs. learn more about becoming a member or renew your membership by visiting our membership section.







career center
 
are you an at looking for a new career opportunity or an employer wanting to hire an athletic trainer? the nata career center is the place for you. search hundreds of jobs in multiple settings nationwide!





 

convention
 
nata's clinical symposia & at expo is the flagship event for peer-to-peer networking, dynamic collaboration, interactive and immersive hands-on learning and groundbreaking innovations, empowering athletic trainers to excel and advance. join us june 24 - 27, 2025 in orlando for nata 2025 and book your housing now!







 

nata foundation
 
the nata research & education foundation supports and advances the athletic training profession by providing research grants and scholarships. visit the nata foundation website to see how you can support its efforts to grow athletic training.





 

for the public
 
if you’re a member of the general public who is looking for more information about athletic training, youth sports safety or specific health issues, we encourage you to visit our external website, at your own risk.





 

at community
 
nata offers an online members-only home that allows ats to gather and engage in conversations that are meaningful to them. view this video to learn more.









 

nata's mission is to represent, engage and foster the continued growth and development of the athletic training profession and athletic trainers as unique health care providers.

















nata educate: your source for lifelong learning
 
our online learning center, better known as nata educate, is the best place for all your professional development needs.  we offer a large selection of webinars, quizzes and courses in a wide variety of formats, styles and topics, in addition to exclusive member-only online opportunities like certificate programs designed to help you excel in other areas like leadership.





nata member resources
 
the nata member resource library provides a more streamlined way for members to find resources within nata's extensive database. members can filter searches by keyword, resource type, topic or year. the library will continue to be updated with the addition of existing resources as well as new resources when they are created.





nata-cast
 
the nata-cast is the official podcast of the national athletic trainers' association, providing in-depth conversations about health care topics that interest you – the athletic trainer.  learn more and tune in today.







 
thank you to the organizations below for their support of nata: 









 
 


 










×
welcome to nata





welcome 
welcome to nata’s new website! we hope you’ll take a minute to explore the new navigation structure and test drive our new features.
 
feedback 
we’re collecting feedback so we can continue to improve the website.  please feel free to let us know what you like and any suggestions you might have.  happy browsing!


member login
your member information is private and protected, which is why we need all nata members to sign up for a new login using a valid email address. visit the login page and fill out the “password retrieval” form. follow the instructions and receive access to our exclusive, members-only content!  











 



 









follow us

x (twitter) 
 facebook
 linkedin
 instagram
 youtube
 vimeo







recent blogs



 the power of financial stewardship 
 in honor of black history month in february, nata now is highlighting some of our black leaders at the state, district and national levels as they share insight into their volunteer journeys.

 

for colorado athletic trainers' association finance committee member zach lewis, mat, lat, atc...  

 now open: nata educate enhanced access  
 enhanced access to the entire nata educate on-demand course catalog is now available to nata members.

the nata educate on-demand course catalog includes more than 150 courses covering various disciplines ats encounter in their daily practice. that’s more than 225 ceus/hours of content...  

 problem-solving service    
 in honor of black history month in february, nata now is highlighting some of our black leaders at the state, district and national levels as they share insight into their volunteer journeys.

 

after observing her high school coach’s son work as an athletic trainer and physical therapist...  








contact us
contact us
location
address:
1620 valwood parkway, suite 115,
carrollton, tx 75006, usa
office phone: 214.637.6282
fax: 214.736.5464
career center: 727.497.5972






privacy policy
about
contact
nata careers



© 2021 national athletic trainers' association. all rights reserved, worldwide.


do business with nata



















   chat with us, powered by livechat  


 








