








department of information studies - ucla school of education & information studies




























































skip to content






































































































      ucla school of education & information studies    

fire resources
faculty and staff resources
news
events
give
 






academics

arrow down




department of education

undergraduate programs

education and social transformation major
education studies minor
information and media literacy minor
science education affiliated minor
visual and performing arts education affiliated minor


academic degrees

higher education & organizational change division
human development & psychology division
social research methodology division
social sciences and comparative education division
urban schooling division




department of education

professional degrees

educational leadership program (ed.d.)
principal leadership institute (m.ed.)
student affairs program (m.ed.)
teacher education program (m.ed.)
transformative coaching and leadership (m.ed.)
ucla m.d./m.a. education articulated degree




department of information studies

degrees and programs

master of library & information science (mlis)
ph.d. in information studies
information and media literacy minor
is library and media preservation lab




professional development

education academies

academy for excellence in medical education
ucla professional leadership and coaching academy
ucla women’s community college leadership academy (wccla)
ucla women’s school leadership academy
university women’s leadership academy for mid-career professionals


information studies

california rare book school
post master’s certificate of specialization in information studies






research

arrow down




research centers and projects

black male institute
calkids institute
california rare book school
center for critical internet inquiry (c2i2)
center for critical race studies in education
center for information as evidence
center for knowledge infrastructures
center for research on evaluation, standards, & student testing (cresst)
center for the transformation of schools
center x
children’s understanding of economic and social inequality lab
civil rights project/proyecto derechos civiles
community archives lab at ucla
connect, a center for research and innovation in elementary education
higher education research institute (heri)
institute for democracy, education, and access
institute for immigration, globalization and education
library, ethics, & justice lab
momentum: accelerating equity in computing and technology
pritzker center for strengthening children and families
the choices project
the paulo freire institute
sudikoff family institute
ucla center for community schooling
ucla center for dyslexia, diverse learners and social justice
uc|csu california collaborative for neuroscience, diversity, and learning




about

arrow down




about ed&is

school leadership
message from the dean
message from the chair of education
message from the chair of information studies


office of justice, equity, diversity and inclusion

ojedi values and principles
black student life at ed&is
scholarship for research on black life
edi campus resources
addressing concerns and complaints


infant-12 school partnerships

ucla lab school
ucla community school
mann ucla community school
geffen academy
ucla early care and education


directories

faculty directory
staff directory


alumni

education alumni association
library and information studies alumni association (lisaa)
alumni resources
bruin memories / ucla ed&is history




students

arrow down




department of education student resources

course offerings
student handbook
forms
graduate students association (gsae)
undergraduate community engagement
education ph.d. student directory


department of information studies student resources

course offerings
student handbook
forms
mlis internship program
digital resource development initiative
information studies ph.d. student directory


admissions

department of education admissions
department of information studies admissions
undergraduate admissions to the major
admissions information sessions
office of student services




 


search icon












close






search for:



 










 




department of information studies
reimagining the role of information in global advancement.






democratizing information
through scholarship, teaching, institution and community, our department of information studies strives to set new standards in the preservation, architecture, accessibility and utility of knowledge through information. 
we cultivate stewards of today’s and tomorrow’s information, always with an eye on reimagining systems for increased inclusivity. it is our mission to produce globally renowned leaders in the field of information studies whose work pushes the world forward. to is students, alumni, faculty and staff, the freedom to engage with and absorb information is a human right.




degrees and programs
prepare for professional practice and research in a department made up of the top experts in the field, with unparalleled resources and facilities, and a 50-year tradition of excellence.





        master of library & information science (mlis)        





with specializations in archival studies, informatics, library studies, media archival studies and rare books/print and visual culture.
learn more







        ph.d. program in information studies        





the ph.d. program is rigorous and rewarding, with a strong research focus. it is structured so that students can gain maximum benefit from a cohort experience; a has purpose-designed program of coursework coupled with research apprenticeships; and provides strong faculty mentoring. our students are strongly encouraged to present and publish their research in academic, professional and community venues.
learn more







        professional development in information studies        





california rare book school, senior fellows program and post master’s certificate of specialization in information studies.
learn more







        student and professional organizations        





the department of information studies encourages students to join and support the activities of the student chapters of the american library association, the society of american archivists, the special library association, the association for information science & technology, the association of moving image archivists, and the student governing board, as well as other organizations that fit their interests.
learn more









find your place
ucla ed&is provides pathways for all. let’s see where you fit.

  start your application now  
  















learn more from the interim chair of the information studies department, todd franke

  message from the chair of information studies  
  












explore our diversity — an integral component of is.
on a grand scale, we view our work as a way to improve life for people worldwide, and that mission is continuously realized by the intellect and curiosity of the people in our community. 
who should be able to access information? what opportunities can information access bring to society? how should we organize and store information? what should be stored? what should be archived, and for how long? with unprecedented access to information in the 21st century, these are just a few of the questions surrounding information management. information studies faculty help answer these questions and conduct research for preserving, organizing, and rethinking information in all its forms — print, digital, film, new media and beyond.






 
michelle caswell
professor







 
thuy vo dang
assistant professor







 
gregory leazer
associate professor








digital resource development initiative
resources developed by ucla information studies faculty and students

  learn more  
  







is library and media preservation lab
the is library and media preservation lab are a hub of activity supporting the research, instruction, and professional development of students, faculty, and staff in the ucla department of information studies. leveraging state-of-the-art technology and practice, the is library and media preservation lab act as a liaison between academia and industry.

  learn more  
  







information studies colloquia
the information studies colloquia provides a forum for intellectual exchange and professional networking. all events are free and open to interested members of the community unless otherwise noted.

  learn more  
  







ischool mentorship program
the ucla ischool mentorship program matches current ischool students with professional mentors. our mentor pool is composed of ucla library staff and ucla ischool alumni employed at a variety of institutions in los angeles and around the country.

  learn more  
  











currently enrolled?
from your first day of class to graduation, we’re committed to enhancing your experience at ucla and helping you with the resources you need.

  current student resources  
  














the latest
featured

pritzker center report on domestic violence cited by calmatters

  read more  
  













 
information studies 


ucla information studies professors win mellon foundation grant  
october 18, 2024

thuy vo dang, tonia sutherland, and michelle caswell lead collaborative to support paid internships at community archives. ucla is professors […]





 
information studies 


seul lee to present research at alise conference 
september 26, 2024

ucla is doctoral candidate will speak on her work on bias in ai algorithms and interfaces. seul lee, a doctoral […]





 
information studies 


stanley griffin to deliver 2024 kenneth karmiole lecture in archival studies 
january 11, 2024

professor of humanities and education at the university of the west indies to speak on the caribbean’s regional and insular dynamics through the lens of “island records.”


























































ucla school of education and information studies
moore hall
los angeles, ca 90095-1521
 


facebook


instagram




linkedin




youtube


 

learn

department of education
department of information studies
center x
professional development in education
professional development in information studies
education admissions


engage

give
justice, equity, diversity and inclusion
incident resolution


contact

fire resources
office of student services
faculty and staff resources
media resources
faculty directory
staff directory


 







      © 2025 
      regents of the university of california 



                emergency              



                accessibility              



                report misconduct              



                privacy & terms of use              



















