

home | mahtomedi public schools
















































































skip to contentfamiliesstaffcommunitysearch sitemahtomedi public schoolsfamiliesstaffcommunitysearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip gallerya truly world-class educationour schools provide meaningful and rigorous learning experiences that support students to develop leadership and create their future.end of galleryacademic datajoin our teamenrollcalendarvolunteer & supportmahtomedi public schools at a glanceexcellence experienced every daylifelong learnerswe are active learners who approach each experience as an opportunity to discover and explore in order to grow and thrive.
getting involvedthere are opportunities in excellence for all students! our programming is focused on student interests, passions, and future-focused learning.excellent staffour staff is qualified and caring. we believe integrity is critical to trusting relationships and strive to build opportunities for students and staff to engage, partner, and learn together.spotlightprevious spotlight item“she’s not just a teacher; she’s a superhero in the classroom. lisa's dedication to each child's individual needs is nothing short of remarkable. she didn't just teach; she nurtured, guided, and empowered."- lisa mathies, teacher of the year 2023-24“i love the staff and students at wildwood. their smiles are contagious, and i really like spreading joy every day.”- dan albrecht, custodian, wildwood“ms. dahl is both an incredible hard-working person and one of the genuinely kindest people we have ever met. she will forever be one of our biggest inspirations and role models, and we can only hope to be as fantastic as her when we grow up.” - annie dahl, teacher, mhsnext spotlight itemfind usmahtomedi public schools1520 mahtomedi avenuemahtomedi, mn 55115phone: 651.407.2000fax: 651.407.2025click here to ask a questionschoolsmahtomedi public schoolswildwood elementary schoolo.h. anderson elementary schoolmahtomedi middle schoolmahtomedi high schoolactivitiescommunity educationstay connectedcopyright © 2025 mahtomedi public schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more




