 







about us - woodyatt curtains was nets 2 go watton, norfolk






















    






































  javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.      skip to contentfree uk delivery on all orders over £75order up to 6 samples free of charge, delivery next daya guide to measuring and fitting  toggle nav  search search  advanced searchsearch01953 889 215 log in register my cart  itemsitem    home nets and voilesnet curtainsvoile curtainsjardiniere net curtainsvoile panelscafe net curtainsnet rods and wirewindow setstension rodsnet wirescurtainsready made curtainseyelet curtainsblindsroller blindsvertical blindsvenetian blinds about us contact log in register 01953 889 215   home   about us   about us         at woodyatt curtains we specialise in window dressings and have been trading online since 2003. we were originally trading as nets 2 go, but due to us selling a wider range of products we rebranded to woodyatt curtains in early 2012. 
we are a british company and our curtains are sourced from all over the world. the ranges and designs that we offer are regularly being updated ensuring that our website provides customers with the best products available. due to our massive buying power we are able to negotiate big discounts with all of our suppliers and we pass these savings on to our customers, so you can then purchase the best value net curtains online.
all of our products have a low price promise and have different delivery times. these are quoted on each individual product page. net curtains are generally delivered within 6 working days. ready made curtains are 5 - 7 working days and made to measure curtains are 10 - 14 days.
 
founder : ashley woodyattour premises is based in watton, norfolk. ip25 6dl 
this website has been designed to make your online shopping simple and fast. we offer several different payment options including paypal. these enable you to make your payments securely so you can buy with confidence. we are also offering our customers the option to register for an account which will make return visits to the site much easier as your log in details and previous order history will be saved, making future purchases even quicker.
as we offer such a huge range of products, you are able to filter through these products to find what we are looking for, for example by price or by different colours options.
we hope you enjoy your shopping experience. if there is anything we could do to improve the site please let us know and we will do our best to fix this for you. 
here is a pic of the outside of our premises:
woodyatt curtains, unit 4 knotts yard, griston rd, watton. ip25 6dl 
 
about us - find us below
 

trustpilot

sign up here for special offers and exclusive deals  sign up nowinformation

contact us
free samples
delivery
about us
customer services

woodyatt curtains
privacy and cookies
articles
windows of the world
measure & install

how to measure for net curtains
how to measure for eyelet curtains
10 benefits of net curtains
psychology of a happier home
contact
monday-friday: 9am-5pm 
01953 889 215
support@woodyattcurtains.com

woodyatt curtains ltd 
unit 4 knotts yard, griston road,
watton, norfolk. ip25 6dl
company no: 06447328 
vat registered: 982 551 789


facebook
twitter
pinterest
 copyright © 2025 woodyatt curtains ltd. all rights reserved.     














            