




grammar.com


























login 

the stands4 network

abbreviations.com
anagrams.net
biographies.net
calculators.net
convert.net
definitions.net
grammar.com
literature.com
lyrics.com
phrases.com
poetry.com
quotes.net
references.net
rhymes.com
scripts.com
symbols.com
synonyms.com
uszip.com

 










#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new articles
 












 







welcome to grammar.com!




all the grammar you need to succeed in life™ — explore our world of grammar with free grammar & spell checkers, ebooks, articles, tutorials, vocabulary games and more!
					







simply paste or write your text below and click check my writing to get feedback on your writing. click on the highlighted spelling error, grammar improvements or writing suggestion for more options.




upgrade to premium...
 copy text  
								 delete text


paste your own own text here to verify it... or just check the correctness of this default deliberately errornous text in a reliable manner ;-)


  
								








rewrite
check my writing!







 auto-detect english - american english - british english - south africa english - canada english - australia english - new zealand catalan - general catalan - valencian german - germany german - austria german - switzerland portuguese - portugal portuguese - brazil asturian belarusian breton chinese danish dutch esperanto french galician greek icelandic italian japanese khmer persian polish romanian russian slovak slovenian spanish swedish tamil tagalog ukrainian 











common grammatical mistakes
here’s an overview of grammar.com’s discussion of common grammatical mistakes. in this section we cover 13 common problems plaguing writers and speakers. read more »

subject-verb disagreement
could of
your and you’re
case of pronouns
subjunctive mood
dangling participles
there, their, they’re
affect vs. effect
it’s vs. its
lead vs. led
principle vs. principal
bring vs. take
the horrible like word






parts of speech
to become an accomplished writer, you must know all about these eight parts of speech. each is discussed thoroughly in this section. read more »

nouns
verbs
adjectives
adverbs
pronouns
conjunctions
prepositions
interjections





build your vocabulary
top writers have a highly developed command of the english language. to join their ranks, you should build your vocabulary and use the words they use. read more »

astringent
cognizant
ebullient
hackney
inimical
portend
prowess
upbraid
ravenous








punctuation
below you’ll find links to our discussion on all punctuation marks. read more »

period
comma
semicolon
colon
dash
parentheses
brackets
question mark
exclamation point
hyphen
apostrophe
quotation marks















did you know ?
 "no." is the shortest complete sentence in the english language.

click for more interesting facts »






word of the day »
would you like us to email your inbox a free new word definition every day?


just enter your email address:




  subscribe
                                        			










share your thoughts about grammar.com with the community:









https://www.grammar.com



newest
oldest
popular


304 comments





















0:00
0:00
 clear






 notify me of new comments via email.




publish








manuelm.17121i know that saying, for example "there's two of them" is wrong. but can somebody explain it to me in grammatical terms?likereply 33 months agoacronimousin grammatical terms, "there's two of them" is incorrect because the verb "is" (from "there is") is singular, while "two of them" is plural. the correct form is "there are two of them," as the plural subject requires the plural verb "are." more »likereply 11 month agodemdumdemsi am going to buy a couple more. why? why is it so difficult to add one more word, only two letters, when speaking (or writing) the phrase... a couple more? isn't the correct phrase... a couple of more perhaps it varies by location (west coast specifically} and the dialect or slang? no, that isn't right. proper grammar doesn't (shouldn't) change from region to region. i believe the internet - social media has caused language (grammar) laziness. maybe people do not realize the educational decline, or simply just don't care. lazy.  does anyone watch the cable news? the people that read the news to millions? the word "anyways"  really gets under my skin! more »likereply4 months agotemesgen_ait is goodlikereply8 months agochen_si like this site,and recommended to my friendslikereply 21 year agoenidxthexdaffodilthank you so much whoever created this site (i'm too lazy to check). extremely helpful!likereply 42 years agoahnad1971what is the difference in  both grammar and  meaning:1.the  smoke from the cars covered the sky. the smke from the cars covered the sky.likereply2 years agogarym.78432there’s a spelling mistake in the second sentence; fix it, then grammar and meaning will be the same.likereply 52 years agohhlearnenglishgood site ! it reminds me  to change my wrong form to the correct form of english grammarlikereply2 years agoioooiiidk to use (who is "she") or (who is "her")likereply 12 years agogreying_geezerfirstly, i believe you mean, "idk _whether_ to use....".  but to answer your question, the correct form is "she", which is the subjective completion (and therefore in the subjective form) required after the linking verb "is" (third person singular of the verb "to be".)  "her" is the objective form of the noun, used, for example, in, "i don't know her."  (and just to confuse matters, her can also be a possessive adjective as in, "she brought her umbrella." more »likereply 52 years agogreying_geezerarrgh!  just above this input box is one entitled "did you know?", which contains the cringe-worthy tidbit, ""i am." is the shortest two words sentence in the english language."likereply 32 years agojohnnyl.15842i live in a guard gated community; i’ll need all the names so i can input in the gate access system. when you’re going through the gate, the security officer will ask for your name, my name and my address. more »likereply 12 years agofarazfjdoes this site has an extension to add in out look app?likereply 52 years agozavian_wbecause of this website, i can finally get an a+ in my essays.likereply 62 years agopoopyheadamazing sitelikereply 62 years agoanonymous0_0nice sitelikereply 52 years agojohns.38175thanks for such an awesome sitelikereply 62 years agoace.hearn1013when you use "(s)" does the linking verb after it need to be plural or singular?ex: the driver shall always be at fault unless the victim(s) was/were at faultlikereply 22 years agoarci use to not spell that well but now i don't  have  to worry about spell something wrong i can now write mi songs.likereply 33 years agogarym.78432do, re, mi …likereply 63 years agoskyliteis this sentence correct "i had never been loved for such smallest portion of love"likereply 33 years agogreying_geezerthe sentence makes no sense to me as written.  are you, yourself, being loved for something you did or expressed, or are you being loved with a small amount (portion) of love?  do you mean, "i had never been loved to such a small degree"? more »likereply2 years agookay.80663do we say "try to ring the doorbell, someone may be in." or "try ringing the doorbell, someone may be in."likereply 13 years agogreying_geezerthe better wording would be "try ringing the doorbell...."  "try to ring the doorbell..... implies that one might or might not be able to ring it, which is not the intent.  also, both examples provided are grammatically incorrect in that each example contains two sentences joined by a comma.  they should be joined by a colon or a semi-colon or written as two sentences with a period (a.k.a. full stop), a space, and subsequent capitalization. more »likereply 12 years agoamydnfi am desperately trying to conquer the diagramming of this sentence: "homer is believed to have been from modern-day turkey." i'm fairly certain "is believed" is a helping verb/verb combination, but what is "to have been"? is it a verb phrase? it can't be a prepositional phrase, right? where does it fit in a diagram? any help would be appreciated. more »likereply 173 years agosoulwriterhttps://www.grammar.com/present_perfect_continuous_tenseif i'm not mistaken, it's the present perfect continuous tense. can anyone confirm?likereply 123 years agorighteous_aproposed past tenselikereply 73 years agorighteous_aindefinite past perfect.likereply 63 years agomohammad_e"empower them to take action on issues that affect their lives."affect? effect? i know affect is usually the verb but why do i want to use effect here? which is right in this instance? grammarchecker.io is not showing anything in particular. more »likereply 163 years agosoulwritertake a look here for a full break-down: https://www.grammar.com/chapter-8-affect-vs-effectin short, affect is used when something actively changes something else.  an effect is the result of that change.so "empower them to take action on issues that affect their lives." is correct :) more »likereply 153 years agorighteous_anot 'effecting' as 'affecting' but ' having effect' as not in ' having affect'.likereply 63 years agogreying_geezeryou almost certainly want to use "affect" here—the issues have have an impact (or an effect) on their lives.  using "effect" as a verb here would mean that the issues initiate or bring about their lives, which could conceivably be correct in the case of a defining moment or transformation that sends their lives in a totally new direction.  if that were the case i'd expect to see further description on this transformation.  again, you almost certainly want to say "affect" in this case. more »likereply2 years agosongl.16334there is an ongoing humanitarian crisis happening at the us-mexico border. how can i adjust this sentence to sound more like college level english? thank.youlikereply 143 years agosoulwriterit sounds good to me. if you like, you can write: there is an ongoing humanitarian crisis occuring at the us-mexico border.likereply 183 years agogarym.78432remove happening from your sentence. it's redundant. ongoing means currently happening.likereply 233 years agorighteous_aa crisis is ongoing or going on.likereply 63 years agorighteous_athere is ongoing crisis at the mexican border.likereply 63 years agocaligailyes, i live 20 mins away from the san ysidro border and i agree there is a definite crisis. there needs to be better programs implemented from california state government for immigration costs. i feel immigration fees could be less, as other countries don't require outrageous fees. more »likereply2 years agoduetsingerthe hamburger comes standard with a bun. which is correct? sub a lettuce leaf for the bun to be healthier or sub the bun for a lettuce leaf to be healthier.likereply 153 years agoshegundalahsub a lettuce leaf for the bun, to be healthier.  (if you leave out the comma, it sounds like you are trying to make the bun healthier instead of replacing it altogether.)likereply 193 years agogreying_geezeri agree with your comments except with one reservation.  i'd submit that the comma is unnecessary and likely incorrect.  although your interpretation re healthier is grammatically possible, i think it's unlikely.  better still would be to rearrange the wording to "for a healthier alternative, substitute a lettuce leaf for the bun."  i wouldn't abbreviate substitute, and i'd find the substitution very messy to eat :-) more »likereply 12 years agohakan6542' with us this year, ............ .' is this correct or ?likereply 144 years agotimmer60i want what she has. is this a simple or complex sentence? the noun clause acts as a direct object. can a noun clause ever be part of a simple sentence?likereply 134 years agorosefire"in fact, i think i like you very much. maybe even more than mamma."these two sentences could either mean that the speaker likes the addressee more than he likes mamma, or more than mamma likes the addressee. what is the name for this kind of syntactical ambiguity? is it confusion in verb-subject relation? or something else? more »likereply 114 years agorighteous_a"in fact, i think i like you very much. more maybe, even, than mamma."likereply 43 years agorighteous_asyntax of referrallikereply 33 years agosuebriggsin the setance, "there was a shed snake's skin on the floor" - is the word "shed" an adjective to the word "skin"? if not, what part of speech is it?likereply 84 years agorighteous_a" there was as shed. snake's skin on the floor."likereply 23 years agocurious2are both of the following sentences correct?if you get into trouble, i wouldn’t help you.if you get into trouble, i won’t help you.likereply 104 years agogarym.78432yes, both are correct individually.no, won’t and wouldn’t aren’t transposable.likereply 103 years agogarym.78432editno. the first sentence is not correct. to fix it replace get with got. if you got into trouble, i wouldn’t help.likereply 83 years agorighteous_aif you would/will get into trouble, i would not help you. if you get in to trouble, i am not helping you.likereply 43 years agonicole thompsonco1 jackson c continues on the next driving course for more experience before exam. is this grammatically correct?likereply 94 years agorighteous_acomma after nextlikereply 33 years agoakhila "hello"  from that voice is more enought to change my mood in 1 second.is this sentence is correct ?likereply 124 years agorighteous_a' more than enough' or just ' enough'.likereply 33 years agocarla g. widmerthe news announcers consistently use sentences such as, “the lake it is choppy”.  this drives me up the wall. what is the name of this grammatical error? likereply 114 years agorighteous_ahey, you only lack punctuation. 'the lake; it is choppy'.likereply 23 years agosoulwriterperhaps the word order - syntax, is what bothers you? it flows better when said, 'the lake is choppy'.likereply 13 years agokoshigood likereply 114 years agoabhijit rathodbestlikereply 124 years agorighteous_agoodest!likereply 13 years agoвојин хаџи-павловићgood resource!likereply 104 years agowendy cresoklikereply 74 years agođỗ đăngthank you so much..likereply 104 years agosally laothanks.likereply 84 years agoott beenreal saintthank youlikereply 64 years agorichard longgrammerly works while i'm writing in word only while i'm using my desktop.  on laptop i have to cut and paste.  any help?likereply 54 years agoyelbe tsegaytnxlikereply 74 years agostands4you're most welcome, yelbe.likereply 44 years agorudy brotankyou brolikereply 64 years agostands4it's our pleasure, rudy!likereply 34 years agosamah shetathank youlikereply 44 years agostands4good to have you here, samah... :-)likereply 24 years agodiana smith hagueit is wrong. it did not detect an obvious mistake: the smith's were not there. no apostrophe!!likereply 34 years agoegaliseur plgv"1 error found..." thanks a lot! what is the error?likereply 24 years agochase steeleit should highlight the word or words and, when you click on them, it will make suggestions.likereply 34 years agosamir lazimgood  , thanklikereply 34 years agostands4you're most welcome, samir!likereply 24 years agoraweewat rattanakosesgoods, service.likereply 34 years agostands4thanks raweewat!likereply 14 years agodaisy floresthere is incorrect grammar from this service  it states on this page ' check my writing' we dont write on devices we type , text write is pen and paper method.likereply 24 years agolawrence igboekwei beg to differ, daisy.  your writing is your actual penmanship or literary product, referring, specifically, to its textual content or quality, and not to the means by which it came about; whether by text, hand or type-written, hacked out of the bark of trees, as in hieroglyphics, or by moss code, it does not matter.  they are all forms of writing. more »likereply 14 years agonguyễn văn minhi don't know much about englishlikereply 14 years agotell zm um abrishwhyn't it correct tense forms for the words/phrases in the words on the space provided in paragraphslikereply4 years agoswati doshivery nicelikereply 24 years agostands4thanks swati!likereply4 years agodina faulkersonthank you!!! very useful. god bless more blessing to come for the team who created this.likereply 24 years agostands4thank you dina, truly appreciate your feedback!likereply4 years agorauf velimukkuvery helpfullikereply 14 years agostands4glad to hear that, rauf :-)likereply4 years agomarie cris dingayanvery nicelikereply 14 years agostands4thanks marie!likereply4 years agolenie abulon cortezvery helpful . thank youlikereply 14 years agoθομαϛ λασενthank you very much mate, this is helpful  i like itlikereply4 years agomuhammad younas qaisranigood resource of knowlege for everyonelikereply 14 years agostands4thanks buddy, appreciated!likereply 14 years agokulothunganuseful, no doubt. but getting  a meaning, has to search very long, thus, ending in waste of time.likereply4 years agojames macpheean excellent resource!likereply 24 years agostands4thanks james! truly appreciate your positive feedback.likereply4 years agosimran singhdo india's or does india's agri reforms unleash new opportunities?likereply4 years agoszymon królaknotlikereply4 years agodavid akinyeminicelikereply 14 years agostands4thanks david!likereply4 years agohinrik gunnarssonreeeeeeeeeeeeelikereply4 years agocesar urourothis is not working at all, i wrote the sentence: i fourteen years old. where it should correct that i didn't use verb to be and did't detect the error at all.likereply 24 years agolungisile fanigreat site indeed!likereply 24 years agostands4thank you lungisile!likereply4 years agocesar urourostands4 sorry if made it sound like the program is not good. i should rewrite that, my intention was to let you know it is not detecting that kind of errors. keep it up! you're doing a great job!likereply 14 years agostands4cesar urouro no worries, we’re always looking for ways to improve!likereply4 years agoashish r.goodlikereply 24 years agoes tethank you!!likereply 14 years agostands4you’re most welcome, es te!likereply4 years agokv rajeshbest articlelikereply 24 years agostands4glad to hear that, kv!likereply4 years agooctavio beristainawesome site!likereply 24 years agostands4thank you, octavio! truly appreciated...likereply4 years agostands4we don't charge any feeds -- please contact us via our contact us form for further details.likereply4 years agodaniel eliseo orellana guardadothank you so much. it's nice job.likereply 14 years agostands4great to hear you liked grammar.com, daniel!likereply4 years agojerry tamayothank you so much.likereply 14 years agostands4you're most welcome, jerry!likereply4 years agoinoka nirmalani de silvathank you it is very usefulllikereply 14 years agostands4it's our pleasure, inoka! looking forward to your next visit...likereply4 years agoaman ahmednicelikereply 14 years agostands4thanks aman!likereply4 years agopoury sadighit is easy to uselikereply 14 years agostands4thank you poury! good to hear that...likereply4 years agostands4you're welcome, jay!likereply4 years agomichael armstrongchosen by michael michael armstronglikereply4 years agoteela robertsondo you have a sign language page?likereply4 years agogodson aryeehi guyslikereply4 years agomary buenfillooking for the lyrics to "the 21st day of september"likereply 14 years agostands4this one?https://www.lyrics.com/lyric/825659/earth%2c+wind+%26+fire/septemberlikereply4 years agomarie sevickgreat tools!likereply 14 years agostands4thanks marie! we’re very glad to hear you like it.likereply4 years agodon naussgreatlikereply 14 years agostands4thanks don! good to have you here...likereply4 years agotenzin demai don't believe he intends to do any more business with your firm.how do i write it with sentence atartin"it is my..." to have same meaning?likereply4 years agocynthia wardwow! so happy with my decisoin i read several review. awesome!likereply 14 years agoreis josi must offer a long overdue thank you to grammar.com. it was in the early 2000's that i had the pleasure of using this website. i was an avid learner and wanted desperately to improve my grammar skills. that's when i did a google search and found grammar.com. i printed much of the material and worked on it tirelessly back then. it may not surprise me if i still find some of the materials in one of my old binders. today, i owe grammar.com a debt of gratitude. i am hoping to get other family members to utilize the information here. once again, thank you so much. you are a beacon in the dark world of english writing, and now i see you have added other languages as well. how nice! may you continue to be an inspiration to so many others. more »likereply 34 years agostands4thanks joe suits! much appreciated...likereply 14 years agodan bartoeswow! since it hasn't happened yet, the 'future' is not only confident, but clairvoyant, as well.likereply4 years agosimon josephhi , friends !this sentence is wrong grammatically and awkward too -" your future is confident " in an ad ?likereply5 years agoanhe xinuse confidence is your future.likereply 24 years agostein mansonnclikereply 15 years agoanu sharmaamid furylikereply 15 years agojuliet akinboyeexcellentlikereply 15 years agostands4thanks juliet! much appreciated...likereply5 years agosuksmi yitnamurtithank for helpinglikereply 15 years agostands4oh, it's our pleasure, suksmi!likereply5 years agopinote cimeni romelintense throw with authentic skilledlikereply5 years agosanthosh vargheesthank for this great application for helping to communicate and making perfcert graphic way to convey the thouhtlikereply 15 years agostands4glad to help!likereply5 years agoingrid v. espinosathis system does not work.likereply 15 years agostands4hi ingrid, can you please tell us what exactly didn't work for you?likereply5 years agoingrid v. espinosai pasted my paragraph in the box and there was no feedback about my writing. my paragraph was erased and i am asked to enter my writing again. thank you for following up. respectfully, ingridlikereply 15 years agocarljohn villas alcantarathanks a lot...likereply 25 years agostands4its our pleasure, carljohn!likereply5 years agojohn nashthis is crap.i have not got a single correct answer.just check this, "my mother is rarely sleeping at noon.likereply 15 years agostands4okay, so the suggestion for your text is to replace "my" with "my"... what's wrong with that exactly?likereply5 years agomichael beelerseems more like a spell check than a grammar checklikereply 25 years agoyared assefathanks...likereply 15 years agostands4you're most welcome, yared!likereply5 years agorajapaksa piyatilakegreat. it is very useful for me.likereply 15 years agostands4thanks rajapaksa, glad you find grammar.com useful!likereply5 years agopaul torresi put "there are two contestants.  whoever gets the most points wins.".  i used this tool, and it did not find any errors.  it should have found at least one error since one is supposed to use "more points" and instead of "the most points" when there are only two contestants playing. more »likereply 35 years agorounak kr❤❤❤likereply 15 years agomd unus alii am glad to meet you.here so is a noun/conjunction/adjective/adverblikereply5 years agorosa castanedawhat an easy way to help the public improve are grammar....please, do not go anywhere.i greatfully appreciatedlikereply 25 years agostands4thanks! we have no plans to go anywhere, rosa ;-)likereply5 years agosahoulyahs souljah wyfeour*likereply5 years agomyo thu yait`s very useful. i always use in work.likereply 25 years agostands4glad to hear that, myo! thanks for the feedback!likereply 25 years agovan conleyit works very well and think it would be a good extension in a google chrome add on \likereply 15 years agostands4awesome, van! truly appreciate your warm words...likereply5 years agokayla tipaylove itlikereply 25 years agostands4glad you do, kyla!likereply5 years agoduyên huỳnhit did not check my grammar because when i wrote a sentence "i was had a child." i think my sentence is wrong but it doesn't help me change my sentence.likereply5 years agoal schmidtyou didn't catch my grammar mistake.likereply 35 years agomohammed hasan al-gamrii need write my program and get check in this website, but i don't know how to do that, may you lelp me?likereply 15 years agostands4hi mohammed, simply past your program text into the edit box above, and click "check my writing!"...likereply5 years agomadhusudan suryawanshistands4 spelling mistake, should be paste instead of pastlikereply5 years agoandre hendrikzcan this program be used in wordlikereply 15 years agostands4hi andre, our online grammar check can be used online from any browser. it's not designed to be used from within microsoft office word.likereply 15 years agoe'm mantishaawhat is correct grammatically... nice click or nice clicked?likereply 15 years agostands4guess this depends on the context -- can you share the entire sentence?likereply 15 years agoyousef salhagrammar check is so goodlikereply 25 years agostands4thanks yousef! appreciated...likereply5 years agomaryann skileswhich is correct? mary smith, ceo; or mary smith, chief executive officer?likereply5 years agostands4both are correct grammatically -- it's only a matter of preference if you'd like to use the full form or the shorthand...likereply 15 years agokristian sidéni've typed the same sentence in four different ways, and all turn out to have "no errors". so, does this really work?likereply5 years agokristian sidénthese four ways (which is correct)?- if we fail, it is i who pay the price.- if we fail, it is i who pays the price.- if we fail, it is me who pay the price.- if we fail, it is me who pays the price.i'm good at english grammar, but this one drives me mad. more »likereply 35 years agojes smithkristian sidén sentence 1 & 3 is correct but it depends on what context you're using the sentence as in if you're speaking in general then sentence 1. if you're talking to someone then #3 will be more appropriate. i, we, me pay. he, she, it pays. hope this helps more »likereply 45 years agomd. afuar rahmankristian sidén 1 & 3likereply 25 years agoxinlin mahi there. may i ask this, which one of the following two sentences goes grammarly correctly :1, an english woman was the first person scientists studied who has four cones in her eyes."or"2, a english woman was the first person scientists studying who has four cones in her eyes.thanks a lot! more »likereply5 years agokristian sidénjes smith thank you!likereply5 years agodavid tecpilcalli rivaskristian sidén https://www.gingersoftware.com/grammarcheck#.xbhc2-hkhhelikereply 15 years agojefferson bacolodpano po dumami likelikereply5 years agomuhammad shah jahannoy proper chekerlikereply5 years agothiago cirianotoplikereply 15 years agobrhane wediramabrhanelikereply5 years agodaniel kingsi just want to know who is in charge. i set up a whole grammar mistake and it says it's correctlikereply5 years agostands4hey daniel, sorry to hear that -- can you please post the erronrouns text here so we can test?likereply5 years agobksp bcbthankslikereply 15 years agostands4you're most welcome, roton! we're glad to have you here!likereply5 years agocesar hernándezi`m  mexican but i study english, and its page helps me a lot,  your`s page is very good and thanks. :)likereply5 years agorikki c. yehi love thislikereply 15 years agostands4thanks rikki! appreciated...likereply5 years agoboyo veedo you have copy and paste tools in grammar.com cause i will like to connect with  other digital media sites using grammar.com.thanks in anticipation of a reply...likereply5 years agosmriti chughi need to know why it is incorrect ...need suggestions as welllikereply5 years agodeep saraonyclikereply5 years agochathura siriwardenado u have an a app ?likereply 15 years agostands4not yet, but we're working on it...likereply 15 years agochathura siriwardenagreat sitelikereply 15 years agostands4thanks chathura!likereply 25 years agovinoth kumari love itlikereply 15 years agostands4we're glad you do, vinoth!likereply5 years agovladimir a shvartsmanit is messing my microsoft outlook every time. works well with microsoft word 2007.likereply5 years agohuey kimthanks a lot. it's very helpful for me to solve the problem i've encountered in translating.likereply 15 years agostands4great to hear that, huey! truly appreciate your warm feedback!likereply5 years agoissa khanthanks, grammar.com helped me a lot !likereply 15 years agostands4it's our pleasure, issa!likereply5 years agopratik mukherjeewhat kind of grammar checker is this? it has marked "where they had gone?" as a correct sentence. now everybody knows that theobject and the verb change places in an interrogative sentence. developers, please comment" more »likereply5 years agorimo mohamedgoodlikereply 15 years agostands4thanks rimo!likereply5 years agohunter lumsdoni keep getting this error codeplease specify: languagetool_rpc_urllikereply 25 years agostands4hi hunter, this might be a temporary outage -- do you mind trying again and let us know if it works now?likereply5 years agorhica rodinstands4 same with me please specify: languagetool_rpc_urllikereply5 years agosunil ku beherathank you appreciatedlikereply 15 years agostands4you're mostly welcome, sunil!likereply5 years agolee arjon vargasnicelikereply 15 years agostands4thanks lee! appreciated...likereply5 years agoshankar ravinice, can u get a better logo for grammer?likereply 25 years agostands4what's wrong with our existing logo? ;-)likereply5 years agolachanda pettythe books were purchased at a store called  the book factory.likereply5 years agovarada bhidenot a single expression had changed on his face since we met.is this correct??likereply 15 years agopatrick muragehome with the toollikereply5 years agoajinawo fuji gospelworsterlikereply5 years agolarry franklin crowethis is a wonderful toollikereply 15 years agostands4thanks larry! we truly appreciate your feedback...likereply5 years agoanushka avanthihi you lucky guyslikereply 25 years agostands4hi anushka!likereply5 years agoanushka avanthiweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelikereply5 years agoalison stansburycan someone please help me with the following phrase i don't find to sound right: if i trylikereply 15 years agostands4well, depends on the context... the following does sound right: "if i try hard enough, i think i can fly."likereply5 years agosreerekha rekhai didn't get the correctlikereply5 years agoa.d. sikalumbia very good instrument for scholarly writing.likereply 15 years agostands4thanks for your feedback a.d. -- truly appreciated!likereply5 years agoalexander paleologosyou have logged me out twice now for the same  thing . not happylikereply 15 years agotj biggersdear jessica sweeping is a adjetivelikereply 15 years agojessica carl mandrioli"the space station can be seen sweeping across the night sky." what part of speech is the word "sweeping"? i think that "can be seen" is a verb phrase and "across the night sky" is a prepositional phrase, but what is "sweeping"? thanks! more »likereply 15 years agodonna woodard smithjessica, "can be " is a linking verb, while "sweeping" is an intransitive verb, having no direct object, and is followed by a prepositional phrase, "across the night sky", which  can act as an adverbial phrase, modifying where the space station was seen sweeping. hope that helps. more »likereply5 years agocharles castalonethe result of the evaluation shows that the highest criterion is the functionality of the system with a weighted mean of 4.75 which means that the system is able to produce an exact output. is this correct?likereply 15 years agostands4looks right in general, charles -- you should place a comma before 'which' though...likereply5 years agoniel bullockis there a trail subscription before committing to a year?likereply 15 years agoacela hernia pregoneris this correct? "kindly state the school year in which the assessment is applicable."likereply 25 years agostands4looks right...likereply5 years agolinda schreiberwhich is correct: "the inspectors who are . . . " or "the inspectors that are . . . "likereply 15 years agostands4it is fine to use either "that" or "who" in this case, but "who" can only be used to refer to people, while "that" refers to things and people.likereply5 years agolaurie gilmorethe grandparents day program, “just another day in paradise,” will begin at 8:15am on thursday and friday. thursday is for parents. hope to see you all there!are the commas needed?likereply 15 years agostands4both are grammatically correct -- the use of commas usually indicates that the name or title is not central to the meaning of the sentence.likereply5 years agokimberly randgrammer, is what you learn and how to spell it and also what it means grandmas know more about thatlikereply 15 years agozohaib ilyasis this rightfaiza sings a song today.likereply 25 years agostands4yes, sounds quite right...likereply5 years agoangela bronbest in reading goes to is it correct ?likereply 15 years agoconan collazois it right?in are own lil world. i know is not but, i don't know why. i think correctly is, on our own "lil" world.likereply5 years agostands4if you mean to refer to the world as an entity that belongs to us, then "our own" seem to be the right direction here...likereply5 years agojun bor voonis this right?jack and charles were asked to meet their parents.likereply 15 years agostands4yes.likereply5 years agofiqa masliedo u ever heard ppl talking like this sentence "her cute because father is from pakistan". i said it's wrong. it's actually "she's cute because her father is from pakistan". am i right? then he replied me his sentence is actually right cuz his one of his friend is from the usa n always talk without cares about their grammar sometimes. for me it's genuinely a broken english tho'.. lol *cus it doesnt sound right and incomplete* more »likereply 15 years agostands4you're right -- "her cute" is just wrong...likereply5 years agomaureen atuorahwhich is correct,directors who rated or that ratedlikereply 15 years agostands4both are fine...likereply5 years agodona gestais this correct?please pay your boarding house rental before on on december 15, 2108 ?likereply 16 years agostands4"please pay your boarding house rental by december 15, 2018"likereply5 years agobonita joy fredericks solomonsplease confirm if its "its important to understand how god view honour or how god views honour"likereply6 years agolama kanaanplease i need to know if this structure is grammatically correct "whom does bill like to hear stories from? "likereply 26 years agostands4sounds right...likereply6 years agosaringkarn cheiklangplease is the sentence correct? "waiting for check calculate by customer."likereply6 years agostands4hmm... doesn't seem right -- what are you trying to say exactly?likereply6 years agodonald okwuezeplease is the sentence correct? boost your resource in (order or other) to enhance your resultlikereply6 years agostands4"order" of course... :-)likereply6 years agoalfred peeri  need  it  badlylikereply6 years agoaura hidayahi am sure adult people become a good people's...correct?likereply 16 years agostands4"i am certain that old people are eventually becoming goold people".likereply 16 years agoaura hidayahoh ok tqlikereply6 years agorupali namewargrammar is the basic part of english languageits not teachong part its enjoying through differnt types of indoor and outdoor activities .likereply 16 years agorosa nunezthank youlikereply 26 years agostands4thanks rosa, appreciated!likereply6 years agolabi kasalilife,not its players,needs carefulness is it correctlikereply6 years agoana undingi'm really sure about my sentence. is my grammar correct?when” i go to ken-ken akip's room i saw this little girl (greigh-greigh) trying to copy what's her tita doing her tita is actually prayingwhenlikereply6 years agokirtan bceither say, “...i go to..i see...”, or, “i went to...i saw...”. as for as the rest, i don’t understand what you were trying to say. sorry.likereply 16 years agosadaf samnot all countries (        ) to manufacture high quality products? a- can.  b- are able. c-  couldlikereply 16 years agostands4blikereply6 years agobohdan andriichukim not so sure about this. dear sir/ madam, could you tell me, please,  if  you have any scholarship programmes (of cross institutional study) for international students at your university. is it possible for ukrainian students, who have, as an example, a bachelor degree of jurisprudence,  to apply for a master`s degree program in molecular biology, biotechnology, biochemistry or other connected  biology fields . thanks for your time and attention.respectfully yours,bohdan andriichuk more »likereply6 years agosandip kumar jenaithis day gave a lot of happiness and at evening it gave a lot of sadness sentence correction. please check and provide me the rigit onelikereply6 years agostands4"the day started with lots of happiness, but at the evening it truned out to lots of sadness".likereply6 years agoleon cerezoim not so sure about this, which one is correct... 1- please attach you tickets for these flights. or2- please attach your tickets on these flights. or3- any other suggestion to correct the statement???thank you. more »likereply 16 years agostands4"please attach your tickets for these flights." sounds best...likereply 26 years agomelany q. manalang-simpaowhich is correct1st be a part as a new chapter unfolds2nd be a part of our confraternity as a new chapter unfoldslikereply6 years agostands4well, both seem to be correct grammatically, the 2nd sentence is more detailed obvoiusly...likereply6 years agosantanu saikiai m not able to hit the gym due to my health issues since 4 months ,soon i will be joining u guys is this correct ?likereply6 years agostands4"i'm not able to attend the gym due to my health issues in the last 4 months."likereply6 years agosim s oluwaseuni never knew what i said to my daughter made her to cry, but little do i know, she was just pretending to me. is this correctlikereply6 years agosim s oluwaseunafter i most have examined her, i discover that she is 3month old pregnantlikereply 16 years agosim s oluwaseunplease reply my messagelikereply6 years agostands4"after i thoroughly examined her, i discovered that she is pregnant for 3 months already."likereply6 years agosim s oluwaseunstands4 thanks, so much for your responselikereply 16 years agoprince medii know an old man who never leave the town in which he was born ? .check the bold words , which one is wrong ?likereply6 years agostands4leave?likereply6 years agokrishna singhthe baby have a chocolate in its hand.  is this correct?likereply6 years agoeliza beththe baby has chocolate in his/her hand.likereply 16 years agokailash chhetrithe negative form of he is  as wise as his brother is:he is not as wise as his brother.or,he is nit so wise as his brother.likereply6 years agostands4while both seem legit grammatically, i'd go with the first option...likereply6 years agodonmay c dmcany interested personnel should contact me,is it correct?likereply 16 years agostands4maybe "any intersted personnel may contact me" would sound nicer...likereply6 years agoabdul fathah hamzawe are seriously interrupted on our daily activities due to the poor signal. is this correctlikereply6 years agoiambig baronthe water was hot before but now it became warm, is the english correct?likereply 16 years agostands4seems right, just put a comma before "before"...likereply6 years agorajesh bishwasat first thanks a lot for creating an amazing site from where we can learn a lot as well as we can also solve mistakeslikereply 26 years agostands4thanks rajesh! we truly appreciate your positive feedback...likereply6 years agohima bindhuhowever you never have truths regarding you, right! is any correction in the above sentencelikereply 16 years agodavid dunsterclearly, a couple are needed. however,  you won't ever (likely)have the (every) truth regarding your past. at least if i'm right about it.depending on the facts (if any) and if there's an actual story involved. more »likereply6 years agolionel l grant iiwe’ll still be posting while you are working on building yourbusiness. we’ll still be posting when you are on holiday oroff sick. we’ll still be posting when you are called out to anurgent meeting that runs on all day. it’s hard work to postfour or five times per day with well thought out content. (is the we'll be posting) is this correct grammer more »likereply6 years agodavid dunsteryes. in this case, it stands for we will.likereply6 years agodavid dunsterthat said, there are many mistakes in that post.likereply6 years agoվրեժ հակոբջանյանplease help me to find the right answer.you couldnt have seen me in rome because i had stayed (or had been staying?) in the country since june to august last year.likereply6 years agomiriam madaricovayou couldn't have seen me in rome because i had stayed in the country since june to august last year. that is the correct answerlikereply 16 years agoվրեժ հակոբջանյանmiriam madaricova  thank youlikereply 26 years agodavid dunsterit makes more sense to word it;it is impossible to have seen me in rome, (?  ago) because from june to august last year, i was staying in the country.likereply6 years agojennisa ysabelle anuran aragoncorrect grammar for filipinos are strong and never give up.likereply6 years agorupak baruanumber of employees or employeelikereply 16 years agostands4employeeslikereply 16 years agoyvette george nashidtom had eaten his lunch before that he went to the clublikereply6 years agomatt paingwhat is the correct grammar of this sentence "let's invite the holyspirit of godlikereply6 years agoheidi m. monseif hollylikereply6 years agoromulo ytacthis is nice coloumn in a grammar practice, for me its very valuable becuase i am a weak in grammar. so i am glad i have learn more.  thanks to this grammar role.likereply 16 years agostands4you're mostly welcome, romulo! we truly appreciate your feedback... :-)likereply6 years agonafisa anzumis this right? no grammar checkers fixed up the whole thingchocolate almost everyone’s guilty pleasure. almost because not everyone like sweet- even if that included hershey’s dark chocolate. whenever chocolate is mentioning everyone rushes to see where toh te source lead to. whether it is be milk or dark chocolate no one, seem to care. chocolate can be used as part of a : balanced, heart healthy diet. more »likereply6 years agostands4we actually provided several correction/improvement ideas... try pasting your text here to see yourself: https://www.grammar.com/grammar_check.phplikereply6 years agovangie mananquil distritoplease help me in my grammarinstead of improvement of water tub to distract the water tublikereply6 years agojohn rollewhat do the word tempa meanslikereply6 years agostands4here: https://www.definitions.net/definition/tempalikereply6 years agored cloack goodplease help me. is this correct paragraph "i started off my career as a cashier 3 years ago with twins supermarket where i performed my duties and also as a sales lady at cnc shopping center before i got my degree. after all my contracts of these companies, i took my course at don carlos polytechnic college. i had been handling senior high school students and i have learned a lot. in that role, a major accomplishment i'm most proud of was that i was able to handle difference characteristics of people." more »likereply 16 years agostands4suggest changing "in that role, a major accomplishment i'm most proud of was that i was able to handle difference characteristics of people." to "in that role, a major accomplishment i'm most proud of was my ability to handle difference characteristics of people." more »likereply 16 years agojershelle narvasawhich is the correct usage of this chapterlikereply6 years agojershelle narvasacan you help me.likereply 16 years agostands4how?likereply6 years agomeg goldbergwhich is correct:  'each of them has taught me something', or 'each of them have taught me something'?likereply6 years agojay wendrickeach have taught me somethinglikereply 26 years agogardalf guidottiplease can you help me with this short story. sunday, i was in my chamber washing my filthy shirts that have gathered almost one month, and i heard a great multitude shouting, a thief, thief i was wondering where the noises were coming from, so i walked out, and i saw slim unalarmed young man carried a bag of cocoa, chasing by furious mobs, holding stone and machete, blood was breeding down on his torn shirts, amponsah notorious guy in our town tightly hugged him on air, live one leg dragging to police station. i heard him pleaded them to temper mercy with justice, but the more he was pleading the vexed they became. i couldn't hang on any more to the horrific scene, so i get back into my business. i woke up early in the morning getting my way to urine place i heard someone whispered a word to my step mum, at the midnight the thief colleagues came to your husband office holding guns, and they squabble with him to release their friend, but he was hesitation, so they shoot his arms, and we sent him hospital because imminent to xmas the fog is too deep to penetrate your eyes to see someone who behind you, they couldn't see me. more »likereply6 years agodiane graveswhen writing about video games, do you put quotation marks around the title of the game?likereply 16 years agostands4usually it's sufficient to just capitalize the game title, e.g. call of duty, battlefield 5, fortnite etc.likereply6 years agosandra jo caseythese guys put on a great show.  saw them down in florida with santana at a harry chapin concert. is this proper grammar?likereply6 years agoramya shankarthese guys 'had' put on .... use past perfect when you are talking about 2 past incidents.likereply6 years agolouise whittingtona friend posted a reply to a picture of my food. he said i should have came to your house. my answer was, you would have been welcome to. is that correct grammar?likereply6 years agoramya shankargrammatically it is correct, but if you'd like to invite them again, it would be nicer to say 'you are welcome anytime'likereply6 years agojayde deeis this statement correct? “all heroes are born to a mother.”likereply 16 years agostands4don't see a grammatical problem with it...likereply6 years agohong siangmight be safer to say "every hero is born to a mother."likereply6 years agonguyen thi xuan thoahow i can know to revise right sentencelikereply 26 years agostands4try our free grammer checker here:https://www.grammar.com/grammar_check.phplikereply 16 years agoshafiullah nahzatthankslikereply 26 years agostands4you're mostly welcome, shafiullah!likereply6 years agotejesh teju nccgoodlikereply 26 years agostands4thanks tejeish!likereply6 years agogreg smithi hate the use of 'it is comprised of...'.likereply 16 years agowalter jacksoni have grammarly on my computer now; and i went the 3 universities as well as teaching for 30 years. i'll take my chances.likereply 16 years agogeorgia fosterwouldn't let anybody go with her.likereply 16 years agoveronica martinhellolikereply 16 years agostands4hi veronica, welcome aboard!likereply6 years agobrent cunninghami hear both of these on national news programs all the time.likereply 16 years agobrent cunninghamis it correct to say, take a listen?likereply 16 years agobrent cunninghamis it correct to say, what say you?likereply6 years agomegan lavelle trainoris this sentence correct: “mike and i really enjoyed your speech!”  or should it be “mike and me”?likereply 16 years agocharles coe"i" is correct...replace "mike and i" with either "we" or "us" and it becomes clear that we is correct.  we-->i just like us-->me.likereply 16 years agogreg smiththe easiest way to remember is to take mike out of the statement, so then you are left with either 'i enjoyed.."or 'me enjoyed'. you know which is correct.likereply6 years agoxin zhangi like itlikereply 26 years agostands4we're glad you liked it, xin!likereply6 years agoisrat jahanwhat's the passive form of this sentence:"who has he talked to?"likereply6 years agouma gopalby whom has he been talkedlikereply6 years agowalter jacksonhow you doing should be, "how are you doing?"likereply6 years agowalter jacksonthe crucifixion of christ shed his blood by which all who choose may live.it was and is by his sacrifice that we live. so, in a true sense, i live by his shed blood.likereply6 years agomike fagbemiis it right to say:he lives by blood?likereply6 years agoaymen nasriis grammaticaly right to say how you doinglikereply6 years agowalter jacksonwhen i write, it proves thought, and thought comes from human thinking. grammar pertains to how you say it and with which grammatical tools.likereply6 years agowalter jacksononlly thing i don't like is proving that i am a person!likereply6 years agojillian ochoa"the only thing i don't like is proving that i am a person!"likereply6 years agowalter jacksongood site, enjoying it.likereply 16 years agostands4awesome, thanks walter -- aprpreciated.likereply6 years agosaqib hassanhilikereply 16 years agostands4hello saqib!likereply6 years agosaqib hassancan you talk to me?likereply6 years agowalter jacksonsaqib hassan hi, i live in l.a. love poetry and painting.likereply6 years agosaqib hassanwalter jackson  i love the same poetry and painting.likereply6 years agowalter jacksonwhen i was young grammar was stressed above all else.likereply6 years agostands4;-)likereply6 years agoho neyhilikereply 16 years agostands4hi ho!likereply6 years agosusan raupuklatin roots or what to ? pictures get thru the language barriorlikereply6 years agoivor hobbinscheck my writing does not seem to worklikereply 16 years agostands4hmm, works for us... mind trying again?likereply6 years agokamus.netselamat datang, grammar adalah bagian dari kamus.netlikereply6 years agowordbookgoodlikereply 16 years agovillarubin axle acethis grammar checker can help a lot of people.likereply 16 years agostands4indeed... thanks villarubin!likereply6 years agovillarubin axle acethank youlikereply6 years agobartłomiej pękalai need to check all my website www.vleporama.com with grammar.comlikereply6 years agovillarubin axle acethanks to this grammar com.likereply 26 years agostands4you're mostly welcome, villarubin!likereply6 years agoibsa mussahow can familiar with thislikereply 16 years agomorsed shuvohow can i apply this methidlikereply 16 years agocraig lylei need  you  .....likereply 36 years agomozella harrisni commentslikereply 16 years agoann o'farrellthe below sentence has a comma splice.  i copy and pasted to check, but the grammar.com did not see the error. when people converse in these neighborhoods sometimes english is not spoken at all, they do not see the need to learn english. more »likereply 26 years agostands4thanks for the feedback, ann -- we'll work on improving the engine on next versions.likereply 16 years agopatsy ryanwhich of the following phases is correct:much more peoplemany more peoplelikereply 36 years agostands4'many' is the right usage here, as it is used for countable nouns and much is used for uncountable ones...likereply 16 years agorashid ansarii am belong to india. so which language  setting is good for me.likereply 26 years agostands4how about english - british?likereply 16 years agomartin quinncant seem to log in!likereply 16 years agostands4hey martin, please reach out through our contact us page to resolve this: https://www.grammar.com/contact.phplikereply 16 years agovarun palekarwhen i past me essay i clicked check my wrting and then it says please specify: languagetool_rpc_url. what does this mean? can you plz help melikereply 27 years agostands4hey varun, this might be a temporary glitch -- can you please try again?likereply 17 years agodl alexandergreat toollikereply 27 years agostands4awesome, thanks di! we're thrilled you like it!likereply7 years agotrúc lythanks to you, i can improve my grammar skilllikereply 27 years agostands4glad we could help, truc!likereply7 years agoandrew badilloyou guys are actually real and you just need to log into facebook to commentlikereply 27 years agofaustina smithi haven't use it yet,but i  no it will help a lots.  thankslikereply 27 years agostands4you're mostly welcome, faustina!likereply7 years agomegan jobini am only in 6th grade abd we are writing our first essay and this helped alot!! thanks soo muchlikereply 27 years agostands4awsome! glad we could help, megan :-)likereply 17 years agochristian alozierthis helped me learn the difference between it's and its. thanks!likereply 17 years agostands4you're mostly welcome, christian!likereply7 years agopiyawadee thongyostit's a very way for me in order to check the sentence when i write the essay, thank you.likereply 17 years agostands4awesome, thanks for this great feedback, piyawadee!likereply7 years agoshirley briggsi can mever know enough stubbled across a good one short and efficient 'woe is ilikereply 17 years agomashiur hrnice .... thanks . its really superb...likereply 17 years agostands4thank you, mashiur!likereply7 years agojohn wagerthis program was real goodlikereply 17 years agostands4thanks john, appreciated...likereply7 years agoaxton aaronsongrt websites to correct multifunctionslikereply 17 years agostands4thanks axton! we certainly appreciate your warm words...likereply7 years agosumit negihy have u ever made an app of dictionary i want that app download because i really like definition.netlikereply 17 years agostands4hey sumit, we're working on an app for definitions.net at the moment -- please stay tuned!likereply7 years agocấn thị kỳ ngait's time for people to search online toolslikereply 27 years agostands4indeed...likereply7 years agobobby g. covingtoni am thinking about trying grammar.likereply 17 years agostands4go for it, bobby! it's fun...likereply7 years agobill mitchellboth versions of this sentence (me as well as i) show as correct in your check my writing box above. are both really correct?but it was time for my wife, carol, and me to forsake scenery for savings.orbut it was time for my wife, carol, and i to forsake scenery for savings.thanks! more »likereply7 years agoangbeen chaudharyhello bill, you can refer to this article on our website for insight regarding your question. http://www.grammar.com/me_vs._i hope it helps. cheers!likereply 17 years agobry lizadais it free for facebook?likereply 17 years agocharleen montanois this for real??? i typed obviously wrong grammar sentence and it says no errorlikereply7 years agostands4hey charleen, can you please post the text you've submitted so we can verify?likereply 17 years agomerwis khuram khailneed for access keylikereply7 years agoliana stefande ce nu gasesc inima albastralikereply7 years ago李婷婷i have already created my account and would like to get the access key:) still waiting for the reply. thanks!likereply7 years agolisa oldendorpa good-paying job or well-paying job? (always used the former; lately hearing the latter a lot)likereply7 years agolouloa kamalwhere can i find active and passivelikereply7 years agostands4here and here:http://www.grammar.com/active-voicehttp://www.grammar.com/passive-voicelikereply7 years agoiliana g. mendezi am writing in my second language . i am thankful for your help.iliana m.likereply 17 years agostands4glad we can help, iliana!likereply7 years agopam smith gallanti say "an historic storm." others say "a historic storm." which is proper?likereply7 years agoratna fleig"a historic storm" is proper because "an" is only used if the word after it begins with a vowel sound.likereply 27 years agoalex makarovnot quite. if "h" or the first consonant is silent, then "an" would be appropriate, i.e. an hour, an honorlikereply 17 years agosristi sharmaeffacelikereply7 years agonatalie shelyagohi there,i'm teaching english as a second language, and my students often make mistakes in the question sentences that are not highlighted by your app. i'd like to share some of them:- did my dog had breakfast? (the verb "to have" in the same form as the auxiliary verb - you catch it in present simple tense, but not in the past simple)- had my dog breakfast? (no auxiliary verb)- i don't want to see him, don't i?also i'd like to thank you for catching the most common type of mistake - the wrong word order in question sentences :) thanks a lot! and if you could add checking for these types of mistakes, your help would be absolutely invaluable! more »likereply7 years agovoros rukmini xanathordiploma sent you ilikereply7 years agostands4thank you, miriam!likereply8 years agophương shmilynice to meet you! i am vietnamese.i want to improve my english skills.if you have a lot of free time, could you add friend with me.thank you so much...likereply8 years agodayan romerogreat toollikereply 18 years agostands4thank you, dayan! truly appreciate your feedback...likereply8 years agobenfoh samuel maccarthyit's incredible...likereply 18 years agostands4thanks benfoh!likereply8 years agomaureen malloy kallduring the term ( 10-20-2014) of this agreement, a: shall pay to b: $100.)) per month retroact9ve t0 to 4-12-2013. what does the rectovacrive modify? term or payment?likereply 18 years agoned luddi wanted to see which of two versions of a sentance about a book had the correct grammar:1:its desolate swamps of somber, poison-soaked pages, as beautiful as the chance encounter of a sewing machine and an umbrella on a dissection table, was recognized as an important precursor of surrealism.2:its desolate swamps of somber, poison-soaked pages, as beautiful as the chance encounter of a sewing machine and an umbrella on a dissection table, were recognized as important precursors of surrealism.(two phrases in each sentence are quotes, but i removed quotation marks to avoid confusing the app.)the app says both are correct.  how can that be? more »likereply8 years agomike singeri was interested in any symbols that represented any of the 5 world races. i was thinking about it in reference to logos.likereply8 years agomike singershow a picture of any symbol that represents the caucasian racelikereply 18 years agostands4hey peter, simply copy and paste the text you'd like to check into the edit box area...likereply8 years agocheryl babai improve my english grammarthanks lord and this websitelikereply 18 years agostands4thanks so much cheryl! glad we can help... :-)likereply8 years agocheryl babastands4 thank you very much :dwhen i answer the question of my maam i can answer it directly in englishlikereply 18 years agocheryl babai like this website you guyssi almost know how to speak a lot of english rightlikereply 28 years agosarein peni like this weblikereply 28 years agostands4thank you!likereply8 years agomamita shresthaive been improving my english alot via grammar.comlikereply 28 years agostands4good to hear that, mamita!likereply8 years agodavid dunster@mamita shrestha that sentence only has threet three one spelling and two punctuational.  i've been improving my english a lot via grammar.com.that is the way it is typed, at least with all of the rules followed. i'm not trying to be a perfectionist here, i receive text messages with many more errors than this, just trying to help if you're still learning the languages and all of its rules.keep up the good work! more »likereply6 years agojosphat m nderebanice of melikereply 28 years agookpe anthony chukwudigood to be here.likereply 18 years agostands4good to have you here, okpe!likereply8 years agophea remvery for learning grammarlikereply 38 years agoosifeko koredeis it right to say i badge a bachelor arts education (ba/ed) in englishlikereply 18 years agostands4it might be more accuarate to say "i recieved/hold/have a bachelor art education..."likereply8 years agoanne schmitzi'm so happy i found this site!likereply 28 years agostands4dear anne, i think we're as happy to have you on board!likereply8 years agoailyn sombria saavedrathank you for correcting some of my flaws in my thesis writingslikereply 28 years agostands4you're mostly welcome, ailyn!likereply8 years agocheryl babahii can you help me to grammarlikereply 28 years agostands4maybe start with our vocabulary builder?https://www.grammar.com/vocabulary-builderlikereply8 years agocheryl babastands4 thankslikereply 18 years agocheryl babacan i practice everdaylikereply 18 years agosara wojciki love my local news station, but get annoyed with one weather anchor who always uses the word yea instead of yes. perhaps i'm just on old nun and out of sync, but  i cringe every time ashley uses this word! more »likereply 28 years agoregina byrnesif you say your the hacker then your are.likereply 28 years agoelyse mermelsteinthis is torture!  i am a teacher who loves instilling proper grammar in speech and writing in my students.  this app gets in the way of everything i use.  i've tried it for months.  it wouldn't uninstall.  i'm forerly deleting it through the site! more »likereply 18 years agostands4which app are you talking about?likereply8 years agourban ladthanks you grammar .comlikereply 28 years agourban ladthe best!!!!likereply 28 years agostands4thanks kwaihalo!likereply8 years agoelizabeth esperthis is wonderul!  thank you for doing this.  love it!likereply 28 years agostands4thanks elizabeth, truly appreciate your compliment!likereply8 years agorio hogoodlikereply 38 years agomarcy murray bragacan i write in portuguese & have my words translated into proper english?likereply 18 years agostands4currently we only support grammar check for portuguese, no translations at the moment...likereply8 years agonatalie zhangi'm wondering whether you can see what we paste.......( ⊙ o ⊙ )likereply 28 years agostands4technically we could, but we don't do that.likereply 18 years agonatalie zhangstands4 coollikereply 28 years agolyka lyustands4 thats what they all say... just kidding.likereply 18 years agoбал сатаныis there any chance to change language of interface?likereply 18 years agostands4interesting idea... we'll surely consider doing that on upcoming versions!likereply8 years agofaith bernalits very useful. thankslikereply 28 years agostands4you're mostly welcome, faith!likereply8 years ago李勇火good....likereply 28 years agostands4thanks!likereply8 years agogeorgina hopeomg!! this is amazing, now i wont get yelled at in schoollikereply 38 years agostands4lol! you should never be yelled at school, georgina... ;-)likereply 28 years agofrancis faberstands4 editor 'werterbuch' sez; " lol!" you should not be yelled-at' while attending school:likereply 18 years agobrent toawesome!!! i think i can use this site everyday for practicing my essay.likereply 29 years agostands4thanks brent, we'd love to see you around -- there's so much more to come on grammar.com!likereply 19 years agoload 10 more comments






×close
report comment


we're doing our best to make sure our content is useful, accurate and safe.if by any chance you spot an inappropriate comment while navigating through our website please use this form to let us know, and we'll take care of it shortly.






cancel
report








×close
attachment






close









×
you need to be logged in to favorite.




 

 




or fill the form below



create a new account











your name:*required







your email address:*required







pick a user name:*required






join






log in







username:*required





password:*required





log in

forgot your password?   retrieve it









 






is this grammar correct?
confused about how to write an email, document or a twitter post? let our community figure it out for you!



help me out!













the web's largest resource for
grammar & spelling
 a member of the stands4 network





free, no signup required:
add to chrome


check your text and writing for style, spelling and grammar problems everywhere on the web!
two clicks install »






free, no signup required:
add to firefox


check your text and writing for style, spelling and grammar problems everywhere on the web!
two clicks install »






our favorite collection of:
frequently misspelled words



abundance
accidentally
adequate
maintenance
camouflage
embezzler
expense
versatile
specifically
principle

more misspelled words »





improve your writing now:
download grammar ebooks



			it’s now more important than ever to develop a powerful writing style.
			after all, most communication takes place in reports, emails, and instant messages.
		


understanding the parts of speech
common grammatical mistakes
developing a powerful writing style
rules on punctuation
the top 25 grammatical mistakes
the awful like word
build your vocabulary

more ebooks »











browse grammar.com



#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new articles 









quiz
are you a grammar master?

»

identify the sentence with correct use of the adverbial clause:


a
he is studying, and he is doing well.


b
i am tired, but i still have work to do.


c
she sings well because she practices every day.


d
they are happy since they got good news.













 















your adhere!




your adhere!




 










company

home
about
news
press
awards
testimonials



editorial

login
add a new article
become an editor
meet the editors
top articles 
help me out!
recently added
activity log
word of the day
download ebooks
faq







services

grammar check
tell a friend
bookmark us
grammar api
self assessments
word counter
crossword maker
crossword solver
vocabulary builder
website checker
scrabble cheat
paraphrasing tool



legal & contact

terms of use
privacy policy
contact us
advertise





the stands4 network

abbreviations
anagrams
biographies
calculators
conversions
definitions
grammar
literature
lyrics
phrases
poetry
quotes
references
rhymes
scripts
symbols
synonyms
zip codes


© 2001-2025 stands4 llc.all rights reserved.






 















