






creative websites for photographers and artists and cinematographers - photography and art portfolio web sites by sitewelder









































 















sitewelder








 details 




log in
free trial
sign up
features
concierge service
pricing
designs & themes
picproofs
sitewelder users sites
user news
blogs

testimonials
faqs
domainwelder








free trial








sign up








concierge service








sw blog








sw users








contact

















log in










log in








log in
contact us
domainwelder
free trial site
sign up
features
pricing
picproofs
designs & themes
sitewelder users sites
user news
blogging

testimonials
concierge customer service
faqs
sitewelder blog































































explore





powerful websites for creators
start with a free trial website









websitesinclude:

create

display
deliver
learnmore







 designs
html5 designs from an amazing variety of designs and colors. change any time with no extra fees. 


 image power
unlimited images and galleries. assemble your galleries with captions, selling and seo options. 


 selling
shopping cart with credit card framework. handle order fulfillment yourself or use fotomoto. 


 proofing
picproofs builds in powerful job proofing and online delivery with secure access to your jobs. 


 concierge service
sitewelder provides concierge-level customer service with real people with live phone support. 






user news:   fujifilm in tokyo exhibits: africa: a continent on the move ... breast cancer solidarity  project ... obama: an intimate portrait book ...  read more





view some sitewelder users sites:








alex broadway



pete souza



claudio edinger



joseph moran



ghosts of segregation




george diebold



maia javan production designer



hillary hood photography



boone speed



stephen sheridan cinematographer



urban architecture llc




david burnett



christopher dew



anderson and low



painter projects



dede pickering photography



tony novak clifford



art is helping



alicia cargile



prime image studios



golf course photography by aidan bradley



liese a ricketts deadphoto



lesley aggar



scott robinson visuals



art brooklyn




daniel mirer




view other sitewelder user sites




scroll till this div

built for everything: html5 websites scale from desktop to mobile
							  


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



							  sitewelder includes 24 built-in designs and over 800 color themes. with our latest html5 design templates, your images and content will scale automatically on different monitor sizes.there is never a charge for changing your design choice, and we can easily set up a custom private color theme for your branding as well. with any of our designs, your site will display as mobile-friendly in google seo rankings.
							  recent upgrades to all designs include builit-in blogging, embedded social networking icons, shopping cart integration and an embedded cart icon for navigational menus. menu items can be easily sorted to display your content the way you want. site-wide search functionality is available for two of our recent designs, copenhagen and santa fe.
							  
view designs















image power

with no limits on images and galleries, sitewelder is a powerful portal for your work. custom sizing options are built in for viewing on all devices, guaranteeing your images look great and load fast. we save a copy of your original image upload and make it easy to tweak the jpg quality level for any of your images after uploading.




scalable html5 designs

html5 designs are often called "responsive" or "scalable" to describe their modern look and feel. with our beautiful design options, your images, video and text look great on all devices. as your browser scales down, so do your images, allowing you to upload large images that look great on large and small monitors.




full screen home page images

with our full-screen splash page option, your images can drive your website with immediate maximum impact. with slide show and multiple layout options, you are in control of your site.our new "ken burns effect" option gives you another beautiful level for displaying your work.




video integration

post your videos from vimeo and youtube flow seamlessly into our sitewelder platform. from video web galleries to video integration on informational pages and our blogging system, we make it very easy to showcase and accent your work with streaming video display.




picproofs

easily create client proofing galleries with favorites and options for downloading or emailing you selections. 
								our innovative password-protected system makes it simple to create access for both public users and specific clients. with picproofs, your online galleries become a virtual lightbox. learn more




blogs made easy

built for photographers and artists, all of our sites include an easy-to-use blogging platform. we made it simple: just create blog entries and use our drag-and-drop interface to post entries with multiple images, videos and text. your blog has its own space as part of your regular website.




shopping and sales

built in to sitewelder's selling options is a shopping cart for your own image delivery with a paypal integration.
								easily set up multiple pricing options or display a contact form to directly contact you about the item or image.




ssl built-in

with built-in secure socket layer (ssl), your website is built for the modern internet with the latest security standards.with sitewelder, you won't need to purchase an expensive ssl certificate and worry about renewals and installation.




mobile compatibility

your website needs to look great on all devices. with the explosion of mobile devices, your site is as likely to be viewed on a phone as a regular computer. sitewelder gives you different mobile display options for your website and makes it easy to change your viewing options.




people power

ever try contacting a big and impersonal company? nothing bothers us more than not being able to talk to the people providing your essential services. our customer support is live, human and friendly. we'll help you with any questions, problems or integration requests. think of us as your website concierge service.




seo on steroids

without great search engine optimization on your website, you won't show up for the searches you want to be found for. our system is built from the ground up to optimize the searchability and placement of your site and we work with you to implement the proper search terms into your site to come up high in google, bing and yahoo. 




social, social, social

part of your presence on the web depends on integrating your business into facebook, twitter, instagram, pinterest and other social networking platforms. we have a simple way to display social icons on all your pages, with links to your social pages. we'll work with you to identify better ways of using your website with social networking as well.











blog power: blogging made simple
						  


						 our blogging system is simple, elegant and easy-to-use. forget about a complicated wordpress site or other software that's impossible to wrap your head around. with our integrated blogging setup, it's easy to use and update your blog entries.display images and videos with drag-and-drop integration.  our system automatically scales images responsively for different browser sizes and mobile platforms.your sitewelder blog appears with the look-and-feel of the rest of your site and enables you to easily post entries about your latest work and ideas. 
						  
learn more











create your website - start with a free demo site




							sitewelder is your image machine





							  built from the ground up for imagemakers, sitewelder is a powerful tool to organize and display all of your images. with unlimited galleries and storage for your images, sitewelder is an expansive way to show off and share your work with the rest of the world.
							  with our easy-to-use sitemanager, you will be able to simply upload images and organize them into multiple portfolio and gallery sections. you always have instant access to all your uploaded images from your image library - place your images into any gallery you wish with captions and selling options. we automatically optimize your images into different display sizes for desktop and mobile devices and create all the thumbnails automatically.
							  and with options for private web galleries, searchable content and online sales, your possibilities are endless.
							  
							   
learn more about saving and optimizing images in sitewelder













connect your website with the world: built-in social networking
						  


						  integrating your social networking options into sitewelder is easy and customizable. with our easy-to-use interface, you choose your social networking buttons and place them on your website in a customized sort order. your social icons can display in different sizes and in color or black-and-white.
	     we include full options for social networking, include like and share buttons for facebook. social options include twitter, pinterest, linkedin, instagram, google+, tumblr, blogger and flickr.
						  















 sales made easy: shopping cart product websites
							  



							  built into every sitewelder website is an optional photography shopping cart and contact system to sell your items or contact you directly about a purchase. with an easy-to-use interface, it is simple to sell items. items can be proofed and sold with a self-fulfillment option through a built-in paypal shopping cart option.
							  with no merchant account necessary, sitewelder is the easiest way to sell items online. customers can pay with all major credit cards or paypal.
							    

























view everywhere: mobile web sites
							  



with sitewelder's built-in html5-based mobile website options, your site will automatically display in optimized mobile-friendly format on phones and tablets, including iphones and ipads. 
							  all you need to do is choose one of our mobile design options and colors - your web site will appear normally on normal computers and optimized for mobile devices on phones and tablets.
							 
learn more

















video display made simple: beautiful video display in galleries and blogs
							  





sitewelder makes it simple to display high-end streaming video in galleries or informational pages through our integration with vimeo. just set up an account at vimeo.com, upload your videos, and you're ready to go. we use your vimeo account id to automatically display individual videos or albums on your pages.
							  when your site displays on a mobile device, vimeo's multiple delivery options optimize your videos for fast and quality display.

								  when it comes to presenting your work as multimedia projects, sitewelder helps you look your best. from video galleries to the ability to embed other multimedia content directly into your pages, you're in control.







view sitewelder site:ted hartshorn photographer







view sitewelder site:stephen sheridancinematographer

















people power: concierge customer service from people who care about your success
						  

							  i love sitewelder's tech support since i choose to be a photographer rather than a website builder. sitewelder has enabled me to maintain my own website super easily - with live tech support part of the deal. it's easy to find website companies out there but many have email tech support which, in my deadline based world, is worthless. sitewelder gives me tech support when i need it. very happy to be a long time sitewelder client.- gary parker, garyparker.com
great customer service and support is the foundation of sitewelder. from friendly telephone support to clear and useful email support, we are here to help you and guide you through questions and improvements you want to make to your website.

								when you first try us out as a demo account, we'll contact you to guide you through your questions. we're here to help make your website look great and come up high in search results. sitewelder is easy-to-use and many of our new customers have a short list of questions, but we're here to help make your site into something really special and stand out from your competition.
								

contact us - we are happy to serve you.
learn more
















be the leader on google: search engine optimization tools that work
							  


							  with sitewelder's excellent seo tools, it is easy to optimize your site for search engine placement. from the ground up, sitewelder is designed with search engine optimization in mind. sitewelder's websites are built with standard html to enable proper search indexing in mobile-friendly formatting by google, bing or yahoo.
							  we work with you to identify your best possible search phrases and placement for your business. once you've decided what you want to be found for, we go to work with you, inserting key phrases in the most imporant parts of your website.
							  sitewelder makes it easy to update your seo features as well - our "search central" section of your sitewelder site manager enables you to update your site title, meta description and keywords, anytime you wish. all informational pages can be edited with unique meta description tags as well.












"my experience with sitewelder was just the best!  the support was terrific.  any questions i had were immediately answered by my contact, who was very supportive and patient.  she walked me through this process and helped me in so many ways.  i was able to navigate the whole procedure and am quite happy with the results.  in addition to that, the process of updating the website is so easy.   i am not a "techie", but i was able to do all of this, with a little help from sitewelder.  i highly recommend sitewelder to anyone who is setting up a website.  also, fotomoto allows me to sell my work online without any hassle.thank you so much!!!"
							
							- elaine nunnally, elainenunnally.com






view more testimonials














register new domains with sitewelder's domainwelder.






ipad™ and iphone™ are registered trademarks of apple computer™.






sitewelder creates photography websites for photographers and artists and creative professionals using scalable image designs with its online software.


sitewelder delivers photography websites for photographers and digital artists through an easy-to-use interface. by using sitewelder's unique web site creation tools, a digital wedding photographer can create a highly effective and attractive web site which is compatible on all formats, including ipads and iphones and mobile devices. sitewelder's top-tier hosting facilities provide high quality and dependable hosting for your web site, including photography shopping carts and proofing tools.



 
a random sampling of sitewelder users:beryl striewski photography | carl d. walsh photographer | daniel mirer photography | gary bernstein studio | jen judge photography | ken perkins photography | maya alleruzzo photojournalist | nathan west photographer | proehl studios | adam whitlow photography





about sw  /  privacy  /  faqs  /  domainwelder  /  ufolios  /  sitewelder users:  > sites   > news  /  log in
© sitewelder 2002-2024. all rights reserved.















