






diogenes sunclub – the uk's premier family orientated naturist club set in the chiltern hills

















































 










toggle navigation






 
 

skip to content
home
our facilities

swimming pools
sport and wellbeing
the grounds
sauna
camping and caravanning
the house


about

being a member
diogenes club history
new to naturism
faqs
privacy policy


contact

membership enquiries
holiday enquiries
general  enquiry
publicity and public relations
web support enquiry
location


news
social media
members’ login
 
 
 





 
long_shot_back_lawn-600x450diogenes sun clubextensive lawns and a heated outdoor pool
0007jpgdiogenes sunclubfabulous indoor pool, heated all year round
0003diogenes sun clubsport and wellbeing activities like petanque, tennis, miniten, aquarobics and yoga
caravan_slider_imagediogenes sun clubcamping and
caravanning for
members
and visitors
header logo 1000 x 400enquire about a free trial visit today
dsc04283perfect for families
dsc04449resize_diogenes_may_23_01081820210905_181355a20210905_181239a 





 






facilities and activities






								go to								swimming pools							



				swimming pools				

we have heated indoor and outdoor pools so you can swim all year round – one of the very few uk naturist clubs to do so.  our pools are spotlessly maintained, and far less crowded than you will find at local leisure centres!





								go to								sport and wellbeing							



				sport and wellbeing				

we have 4 miniten, one of which is suitable for tennis, ten boules pistes and hold regular yoga and aquararobics sessions.





								go to								grounds							



				grounds				

six acres of paradise!  choose from wide lawns or secluded spots, formally maintained or natural – there’s space for all!





								go to								sauna							



				sauna				

our large sauna is located in the former stable block of our house and hosts regular sauna sessions. 





								go to								camping and caravanning							



				camping and caravanning				

we have plenty of naturist camping space for tents – and a limited number of caravans or motor homes – for both members and visitors for camping holidays and weekend stays.  there are also several premium bays that have electric hook up should you require mains power.





								go to								house							



				house				

our house dates back many years and is where  many of the shared facilities are located.  we have a well equipped kitchen where you may prepare your food, a tea bar selling ice creams and hot and cold drinks, and our well appointed shower and toilet facilities. our conservatory helps you make the most of the sunshine on cooler days.



 
 
about usabout diogenes
diogenes naturist club has 6 acres of beautiful landscaped grounds set around a large country house, excellent facilities and an active sporting and social life.





 
house-from-pistes.jpegclub historytwo-members-relax-poolside.jpegnew to naturismgrounds-5being a member 



join us
if you think diogenes could be the club for you then why not find out about trial visits and our application process here.

like what you see?latest newsnick & lins visit diogenes!we were delighted to welcome nick and lins of ‘naked wanderings vlog fame, to diogenes as part of their uk tour. they certainly loved the club! check out what they said at https://youtu.be/qvsdjbnfuv0?si=gtxjmgdnogscbgvb (from 17:00 in)
diogenes in the times magazine!  we have been part of an exciting piece in the times magazine, where jane mulkerrins visited as part of a mission to experience a variety of naturist activities.  we say ” way to go jane”!
we’ve opened again – and refurbished!okay, so covid caused us all a miserable 18 months of on-and-off lockdowns and our club was closed for much of it.  read more aboutwe’ve opened again – and refurbished!


previous


next




diogenes sun club,
hillview,
shire lane,
chalfont st. peter,
buckinghamshire,
england, sl9 0qyfacebook link instagram link copyright © 2018-2023 diogenes sun club zerif lite developed by themeisle  
 











we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.okread more




