



















memory and ram upgrades for macs and pc






  








































































free shipping available on orders $99 & up! 











                            
                            region:
                            us/intl



select your preferredcountry / region:


usa + international


owc canada


experience local shipping options and optimized product inventory for your region. 


1-800-275-4576 
intl: 1-815-338-8685 







































































































search owc...

search


















support







chat













contact










account



hello, 
sign in

my account
order status
write a review
warranty & returns





cart


























support





chat



contact




account



hello, jessica
sign in

my account
order status
write a review
warranty & returns





cart









search owc...

search






                                featured & specials
                            



                                what's new
                            




chat


support












shop all





external drives internal drives apple & macs docks & connectivity cards & readers batteries software & apps cables & adapters memory pcie expansion
specials & featured



















home

 »  
                                                                
mac & pc memory







memory
owc certified & guaranteed for life, to deliver maximum  compatibility & performance.
    










rigorously in-house lab tested. learn more »







easy diy install videos. learn more »







owc maxram certification. learn more »







lifetime warranty with advanced replacement. learn more »



ram upgrades for nearly any mac and select pcs

one of the best ways to improve your mac or pc’s performance is to increase the ram (random access memory.) not only will more memory help your machine run faster and experience fewer crashes, but it will also allow your computer to multitask more effectively when using multiple memory-intensive programs. in many cases, it’s also a relatively affordable and easy upgrade that can help you get more life out of your machine for years to come.














mac pro
upgrades up to 1.5tb








macbook pro
upgrades up to 16gb








mac mini
upgrades up to 64gb








imac
upgrades up to 128gb








imac pro
upgrades up to 512gb








macbook
upgrades up to 16gb








pc ddr4 so-dimm
upgrades for pc laptops utilizing so-dimm up to 2666mhz








pc ddr4 ecc rdimm
upgrades for pc servers and desktops utilizing ecc registered dimms up to 2933mhz








xserve
upgrades up to 96gb








power mac g5
upgrades up to 8gb








other mac models
upgrades up to 16gb





owc atlas memory cards

as a leading developer of flash storage since 2010, owc media memory cards can help you maximize the capabilities of your dslr, mirrorless, and video camera. go from shooting footage to transferring those irreplaceable images to your computer with the highest efficiency possible.










owc atlas pro cfexpress 4.0 type a memory cards









owc atlas pro cfexpress type b memory cards
options up to 512gb








owc atlas ultra cfexpress memory cards
options up to 2.0tb








owc atlas pro sd v60 memory cards
options up to 1.0tb








owc atlas ultra sd v90 memory cards
options up to 512gb





which macs can i upgrade the memory on?

although you can upgrade the memory of any 27-inch imac or mac pro, the only macbook pro models that are upgradeable are non-retina models released up to 2016. no macbook pro models with “retina display” or “touch bar” can be upgraded. you can upgrade all intel mac mini desktops except for models released between 2014 - 2017 (macmini7,1) and m1 mac mini models (macmini9,1). as far as macbook air, it is impossible to upgrade the ram of any model since it is soldered directly to the board to make them thinner and lighter.
since 1988, owc has specialized in 100% apple-compatible memory upgrades for nearly any mac. to make memory installation as stress-free and straightforward as possible, we offer step-by-step installation videos to walk users through the upgrade process. we also provide expert technical support to assist you if any issues arise. all owc brand memory is thoroughly tested and assured to perform flawlessly and is covered by a lifetime advance replacement warranty and a money-back guarantee.



how to upgrade mac ram

our easy diy install videos make upgrades a breeze, whether you’re upgrading the ram on an imac, mac pro, macbook, or select pcs. our videos provide step-by-step instructions that guide you through the process.
note: upgrading ram on an imac pro is a complex process. however, it can be done. since upgrading requires disassembling the system, we recommend professional installation. we can do the work. with our owc upgrade service, our expert technicians can add up to 512gb of owc maxram certified memory.
buy mac memory from owc and save. you can even trade in your original memory and save even more!









rigorously in-house lab tested. learn more »







easy diy install videos. learn more »







owc maxram certification. learn more »







lifetime warranty with advanced replacement. learn more »














        helpful links
      

about us
diy install videos
join our affiliate network
where to buy
accessibility statement
sustainability is good business
join the owc team
media+newsroom
privacy promise





        join the owc newsletter
      

join hundreds-of-thousands of tech enthusiasts across the planet and gain access to specials, clearance, and holiday savings on the owc upgrades, drives, and docks everyone loves.












email address


subscribe


please enter a valid email address.






thank you for signing up!


subscribe






















(opens new window)





bbb








© 2000-2025 other world computing, inc., all rights reserved. site terms guest id:  your privacy choices



















			this item has been added to your cart
			















				go to cart
			


				checkout
			

















 