






communications from elsewhere – home of rjl20
































































			skip to content		



communications from elsewhere
home of rjl20

menu


home
facebook
mastodon
 








ramen review: buldak artificial spicy chicken 

 

i’m not sure i could tell this one apart from the paldo “volcano chicken” in a blind test, and since i don’t have them both in front of me to compare them now, i’m not sure what i can say to distinguish them from each other. they both have substantial and chewy noodles, they’re both prepared in the same way (remove all but 1/2 cup of water at the end and then stir-fry with the sauce packet), they both have sesame seeds and seaweed bits in their flake packet.
i think maybe buldak is a little smokier and a little less sweet than the paldo. it might also be just a little hotter — my scalp feels warm 1/3 of the way through the bowl, rather than at the end. they’re both delicious, and i’d be happy with either, but i think buldak has a somewhat richer and more complex flavor, while paldo is a little brighter. the paldo might have had more thickening agents in the sauce; i think there was more liquid left in this bowl at the end of the noodles than there was with the paldo. i probably shouldn’t have drunk it as dessert, and saved myself the sodium intake, but yum.
it actually has a little less sodium than all of the shin flavors, which surprised me. it’s pretty high in saturated fat, though. i wonder if the thing to do is use the noodles from shin light with a sauce packet from this (conveniently available in bottled form at h-mart, as well as in individual hot sauce packets, which is what i got) and keep the shin soup base to use with nissin noodles in a pinch.


author joshposted on 2025/01/14categories ramen, reviewsleave a comment on ramen review: buldak artificial spicy chicken 



ramen review: shin  red (fiery spicy beef) 

 

to answer my question from the shin light review: yes, these noodles are more substantial. are they worth the additional fat? i’m not sure. maybe.
an interesting thing about the shin spicy flavors is that while i don’t think they’re particularly spicy in the mouth (although this one does actually have a bit of a kick to it, and you don’t want to slurp it too vigorously into the back of your throat), they absolutely create a vaporized cloud of spiciness that wafts through the house, attacking indiscriminately. so, probably best to cook this with a range hood fan on, or the window open.
i’m not sure i could tell you whether any of the shin broth was supposed to be chicken or beef flavor, or what. they all taste savory to me, but not identifiably so. this one comes with a packet of “flakes” which turn out to include some dehydrated bits of presumably beef, and maybe that’s what it’s named for. the flakes also include carrots, peas, mushrooms, and green onions, and i’m not sure this one has any seaweed in it like i think some others have.
i should have tasted the broth after cooking the noodles and then again after adding the second packet of powder, to see what the second packet was doing. next time, maybe.
overall thoughts: i don’t love the texture of the larger chunks of beef and mushroom in this. they’re not bad; i just think they could stand to be smaller. the spice level does build a bit more in this than in other shin flavors. i think this is probably the hottest of the shin varieties i’ve tried, and while i wouldn’t say it’s super hot, it’s got enough that i think it earns its “spicy” name. good noodle texture, too.
i think i probably like this one a little more than original, but a little less than light.



author joshposted on 2025/01/11categories ramen, reviewsleave a comment on ramen review: shin  red (fiery spicy beef) 



ramen review: shin light 

 

this one has air-dried noodles rather than fried, and claims 75% less fat and 25% fewer calories than regular shin ramen. it comes with a packet of powdered soup base, a packet of freeze-dried vegetables (with a decent blend which includes some good mushroom chunks), and a packet of somewhat spicy oil.
the noodles seem thinner than what i’m remembering from other shin ramen flavors, but i’ll have to make a bag of regular to compare them later. they hold up pretty well — not quite as full-bodied as i’d like, but definitely better than a maruchan or nissin noodle, say.
flavor is great, and what i’d expect from a shin ramen: savory, umami, maybe a tiny hint of seafood? (ingredients say it contains anchovy). the spicy oil isn’t particularly spicy but does leave a faint tingle on the lips after eating the whole bowl.
it does still have a ton of sodium — a little more than the original flavor but less than the black — so not something i probably want to eat super regularly. but it does indeed have way less fat, at 3.4g to the original’s 15g. 
i think maybe between original, light, and black, this might be the one i’d go for. i’ll have to try the original and black again to refresh my memory and see if that’s the case.


author joshposted on 2025/01/08categories general, ramen, reviewsleave a comment on ramen review: shin light 



ramen review: paldo volcano chicken noodle 

 

i’m going to try a thing here for a while: ramen reviews. the h-mart by work has a whole wall of ramen, and i’ve only tried two or three of them. that i can remember, anyway. i’m going to write some notes about each as i try them going forward, mostly so i can remember for myself what i liked and didn’t, but maybe it’ll be something others are interested in too. there are a bunch of other ramen review sites and subreddits, so it’s not like this is anything new. just, this time it’s me.
so, first up: paldo volcano chicken noodle, which claims “that’s crazy hot!” on the package. i guess this is more properly ramyun, not ramen, but for the sake of convenience i’m calling everything ramen. this might not be the best one to start with, since i bought it yesterday and i see now that its “best-by” date is three and a half months ago. eh. 
this comes with a sauce paste packet and a packet of sesame seeds and seaweed flakes, both added at the end, after you’ve drained all but about half a cup of liquid from the noodles. the noodles themselves are fairly chewy and thick, and hold the sauce pretty well.
there’s a ton of sodium and sugar in the sauce, and while it is pretty spicy, it’s not the kind of heat that overpowers the flavor, which is a little smoky and sweet along with the savory chicken flavor. it’s a little reminiscent of a kansas city style barbecue sauce, i think.
the heat has a little immediate back of the throat kick, but it takes a while to build in the mouth, and dissipates within a few minutes. i’m going to say that this one is less spicy than the buldak 1x spicy flavor, although that could be affected by it being 3+ months past its best-by date. by the end of the bowl i did have a slightly runny nose and my scalp felt a little warm, so it’s definitely spicy, but not painfully so.

i think the color balance of this photo needs adjusting; it’s redder in person than it is on this screen.
verdict: i think i like the buldak spicy chicken a little more, but this is a solid pick. spicy but not overwhelmingly so, salty but cut enough by sugar so it’s not like eating a spoonful of bouillon. good flavor. i’d definitely eat it again. 



author joshposted on 2025/01/042025/01/04categories ramen, reviewsleave a comment on ramen review: paldo volcano chicken noodle 



masa para tamales 

i’m writing it down this time, because every time i make tamales it takes me a while to recreate the proportions and method, and every time i have a few early batches which are gummy or sticky or what have you. this is basically the recipe from the bag of masa harina, which i should have trusted instead of going to youtube to watch hours of home and professional cooks.
in the mixer with the flat paddle, put four cups of maseca for tamales, the maseca brand in the brown bag with “tamal” in big letters on it, not the white bag. this time i’m using three cups of the grind for tamales and one cup of the “nixtamasa” variety which is a finer grind (but not as fine as the one for tortillas) and which has some enzymes added to retain more of the corn flavor.
prepare three and a half cups of chicken or vegetable broth with hot but not boiling water, and mix three of them at low speed into the masa harina in the bowl to reconstitute it. this shouldn’t take too long, maybe a minute. once the dough is coming together a bit, scrape the paddle off, form the dough into a ball in the bowl, and let it sit for 10-15 minutes to continue hydrating.
meanwhile, melt one cup of fat — preferably good lard, but crisco shortening works, and i’m going to try avocado oil next to see if room temperature solidity makes a difference — on medium low heat in a small saucepan. mix one tablespoon of baking powder and 1.5 to 2 teaspoons of salt in, and take off the heat to cool a bit.
when the dough is hydrated and the fat is still warm, switch to the dough hook on the mixer and incorporate the fat into the dough at low speed. continue beating and scraping for 4-5 minutes.
now you can slowly incorporate the rest of the broth, if the dough needs it. it should be loose but not sticky — if you slap it, your hand should come away pretty clean (if a bit oily), and it should slowly drop off a spoon, not run off it. this is where the videos are helpful to see the right consistency.
now continue to make tamales as usual, with corn husks and fillings and steaming and such.
this should make enough dough for about three dozen tamales, so make two batches if you want to fill the big steamer. i don’t think the bowl of the mixer will fit a double batch, though. 


author joshposted on 2023/12/182023/12/18categories generaltags external brain, recipe2 comments on masa para tamales 



summer reading programs, spl vs kcls 

it’s just about summer, which means that the libraries are doing their summer reading promotions. there’s an interesting difference between seattle’s program and king county’s program, but there’s also an interesting difference between seattle’s program this year and its program for the previous five years.
continue reading “summer reading programs, spl vs kcls” 

author joshposted on 2023/06/18categories general 



sharepoint, wtf are you doing? 

backgrond: i’m helping migrate a bunch of files from google drive into sharepoint, because the licensing of google workspace for education changed and it’s probably not going to be feasible for us to continue using google as our main email/calendar/storage solution at work. in the process of setting up a tool (rclone) to perform these migrations, i found that some files weren’t being transferred properly, with the rclone complaining that they’d been corrupted in transit. apparently this isn’t a new problem; there’s a support forum post about it from 2019. the answer there was to use options in rclone to ignore the fact that the file has changed size in transit, and just trust that it’s doing the right thing.
continue reading “sharepoint, wtf are you doing?” 

author joshposted on 2023/03/142023/03/14categories uhh...tags technology1 comment on sharepoint, wtf are you doing? 



#squarch 2023, day 5: fine times at our house 

coming in just under the wire, a fiddle tune not really suitable for a square dance, since it’s crooked in a way that would put the emphasis on a different foot the second time through the first part. 
the mix here is terrible, but the point isn’t perfection, it’s doing something. 
fine times at our house


author joshposted on 2023/03/05categories generaltags fiddle tunes, squarch 



#squarch 2023, day 4: meadowhawk 

i’m participating in #squarch again this year, but i’m not going to try to record a fiddle tune every day again — that was hard! (also there will probably be some other projects which make that even more difficult. but they will probably involve square things, so i can take photos of them.)
i am going to try to post something square or square-related every day, though. i’ll probably mostly be doing it over at my account on oulipo.social, the lipogrammatic mastodon instance which does not let its users post the letter “e”. so far i’ve got a couple photos of food and a square i constructed using a compass and straight edge. and now this, a fiddle tune that you might hear at a square dance, in keeping with the “something square” theme, or at least kind of in its spirit.
this is meadowhawk, a somewhat recent composition by jim childress. as is normal, i’m backed up by strum machine. if you use strum machine, you can get the chords (as i heard them) here.
meadowhawk


author joshposted on 2023/03/04categories generaltags fiddle tunes, squarch 



streaming and fair pay 

everyone’s arguing about streaming royalties again or still, apparently. i wrote about the disconnect between what people think artists should get and how much they’re willing to pay for the streaming model a few months ago, but i’ve had another thought since then, so i might as well write it down too.
flat rate streaming services are never going to be fair. $10/month for all you can eat music is either going to overcharge you if you aren’t using it much or underpay the artists if you are, no matter what the split between the service and the artists is. that model has to die.
here’s what i think would be fair for an interactive service like spotify:
continue reading “streaming and fair pay” 

author joshposted on 2022/10/222022/10/22categories copyrighttags technology8 comments on streaming and fair pay 


posts pagination
page 1
page 2
…
page 174
next page








			search for:		



		search	



recent posts


ramen review: buldak artificial spicy chicken
2025/01/14


ramen review: shin  red (fiery spicy beef)
2025/01/11


ramen review: shin light
2025/01/08


ramen review: paldo volcano chicken noodle
2025/01/04


masa para tamales
2023/12/18


recent comments7 little words on masa para tamalesgeoguessr on 2 mile challengetravis on making a netgear ex3700 useful with openwrtruss campbell on how to open a fisher-price record player music boxmisterpatrick15 on how to open a fisher-price record player music boxtext generatorsadolescent poetry
band names
postmodernism
time cube
miscbuy me something
discordian tarot
emperor norton
loteria collection
 



home
facebook
mastodon
 

communications from elsewhere

					proudly powered by wordpress				






















