

































dccdc559875e82ebe9d41dc48dd86617





larry gleason's home page




















larry gleason



homeabout larry gleasonpublic speaking coachps home office and la casita work space and rentalps testimonialsps pecha-kuchaps fearps relaxation and awarenessps college interview coachingps/ac teens/young adultsps how to book time with larryacting coachac home office and la casita work space and rental copyac online shakespeare coachingac monologues and audition coachingcontemporary monologuesclassical and shakespearean monologuesscenesac testimonialsac relaxation and awarenessac/ps teens/young adultsac how to book with larryactor profilewillow cabin theatre companyplayscontact melarry gleason sitemapgift certificates

 
 
 
 








 larry gleason






coach teacher actor











new mexico's premier coach and teacher for public speaking and acting-online coaching for nyc, nationally and internationally-











entermobile devices:  rotate your screen sideways to landscape mode.











				public speaking coach new mexico, public speaking coach santa fe nm, public speaking coach albuquerque, new mexico's premier coach and teacher for public speaking and acting. new mexico public speaking classes.  new mexico acting classes. santa fe public speaking classes.  albuquerque acting classes. shakespeare coaching online!    as low as $25 per hour coaching session! no matter where you live on this globe! shakespeare coaching online!    as low as $25 per hour coaching session! no matter where you live on this globe! shakespeare coaching online. these are the many ways people have reached me.  hopefully one of these descriptions captures what you are looking for and why you have come to my page. they know me to be a santa fe, new mexico and new york city acting teacher. i taught at circle in the square until 2019. my classes include text analysis. shakespeare. classical text. i am a santa fe, taos and albuquerque new mexico coach and online for nyc, nationally and internationally coach specializing in classical and contemporary monologue coaching. i do private coaching and private classes. i have public and private group classes and coaching for actors and non-actors. i am also an audition coach. public speaking coach and presentation coach.  public speaking coach via facetime and skype.  online public speaking coach. internet speaking coach.  best public speaking coach via facetime and skype. i will coach father-of-the-bride speeches, give father-of-the-bride speech help, help write father-of-the-bride speeches, public speaking coach, best man speeches, best man speeches help, coach best man speeches.  i am a public speaking consultant, the best public speaking training, i give speech coaching, i do public speaking courses for kids, i teach public speaking, i do public speaking training, i am a speech coach, circle in the square professional workshop audition coach, best public speaking consultant, best speaking consultant, presentation consultant, best presentation consultant, best presentation consultant, best presentation consultant, best public speaking consultation, help with public speaking, help with making a speech, help with making a presentation, help with public speaking, help with making a speech, help with making a presentation, help with public speaking, help with making a speech, help with making a presentation. best one-on-one public speaking coaching, best one-one-one public speaking consultant, best one-on one presentation coaching, best one-on-one consultant. best one-on-one public speaking coaching, best one-one-one public speaking consultant, best one-on one presentation coaching, best one-on-one presentation consultant. circle in the square is an acting school (two-year program) at broadway and west 50th street. many people come to me for monologues or need a monologue coach. scene study or scene study coach. i help prepare auditions.  audition monologues, provide acting lessons, acting training, professional acting lessons, professional acting training.  it is a nice compliment to the professional acting school i provide actor lessons, actor training, actor classes, similar to an actor school. if you are looking for professional acting lessons, professional acting training, actor lessons, actor training, actor classes, actor school, professional acting lessons, professional acting training, professional acting school,  actor lessons,  actor training,  actor classes,  actor school- i can be of help. i am an actor, acting teacher, acting coach, monologue coach,  audition coach,  scene study coach,  public speaking and presentation coach. i offer  scene study coaching,  cold reading coaching. i am well-versed on william shakespeare, william shakespeare's sonnets, the sonnets. i have recorded mp3 sonnets, spoken word sonnets--the sonnets read aloud or sonnets in audio. i am a private acting coach. i have been called the best acting coach, the best monologue coach, i teach shakespearean monologues . i teach acting shakespeare. i teach acting audition intensives.  turn to me for acting coaching for non-actors . i am an acting teacher for children, teens and young actors,   acting coach for children, teens and young actors,   monologue coach for children, teens and young actors,   audition coach for children, teens and young actors,   scene study coach for children, teens and young actors.   scene study coaching for children, teens and young actors. i do cold reading classes for children, teens and young actors,  actor lessons for children, teens and young actors,  actor training for children, teens and young actors,  actor classes for children, teens  and young actors, actor school for children, teens and young actors. i do one on one coaching for children, teens and young adults. i do one on one coaching for children, teens and young adults. professional performing arts high school for the performing arts monologues, professional performing arts college/university coaching help.  auditions for professional performing arts college/university coaching for the performing arts. i do one on one coaching for children, teens and young adults. college/university coaching monologues, college/university coaching coaching help.  auditions for college/university coaching. i do one on one coaching for children, teens and young adults. i do one on one coaching for children, teens and young adults. larry gleason's public speaking . larry gleason is best public speaking coach. larry gleason believes that public speaking should be pleasurable, not frightening. but most people have no idea how to start. because of this fear, every decision about their speech is one unsure step after another—no wonder people fear getting up in front of people.  but confidence in organization breeds confidence in speaking. let larry gleason help you take the dread out of public speaking. larry gleason's has the best public speaking coaching. larry gleason's public speaking/presentation coaching. larry gleason's best public speaking/presentation classes. college/university coaching, public speaking training course.  best public speaking training course. students who searched for public speaking class in come to larry gleason to get their act together. larry gleason has many years of experience in public speaking. are you new to public speaking or are looking to fine tune your public speaking style? let larry gleason help you unlock your potential by showing you the secrets of successful speakers. larry gleason will help you improve public speaking skills with his public speaking tips. larry gleason's public speaking for sales and management. larry gleason's best public speaking for sales and management. larry gleason has public speaking courses . larry gleason has the best public speaking courses . let larry gleason teach you how to get over fear of public speaking. larry gleason will give you tools for overcoming public speaking fear, conquering fear of public speaking and reducing public speaking anxiety.  let larry gleason help you master public speaking.  let larry gleason help you become masterly in public speaking. larry gleason / coach public speaking. larry gleason / best coach public speaking. larry gleason / public speaking. larry gleason / best public speaking. larry gleason public speaking training. larry gleason best public speaking training. larry gleason wants you to stand out while speaking. larry gleason wants you to be an outstanding speaker. larry gleason wants you to speak up and achieve success. larry gleason wants you to put the three p’s into your presentations: passion, power and presence.  if all the world’s a stage, then let an actor like larry gleason teach you how to take the stage in your presentation! larry gleason knows that presentation training leads to confidence. let larry gleason help you develop your natural speaking skills and style. larry gleason specializes in one-to-one public speaker coaching for individuals. larry gleason creates customized public speaking workshops for organizations. larry gleason will help you handle pitches, powerpoint, meetings, q&a, public speaking “uh-oh!” moments, and other public speaking challenges. larry gleason’s one-on-one public speaking coaching gives you the private luxury of focusing like a laser on your own needs, your own speeches and challenges.  let larry gleason help you compose your next speech, or kick your skills up a notch to the next level in a concentrated and time frame dictated by you, not by some organization. larry gleason will customize workshops for your company. larry gleason's group coaching is ideal for organizations that want to prepare for an event or group presentation. larry gleason will help with your speechwriting or editing of your script or powerpoint to help you reach the next level as a presenter. larry gleason specializes in material that flows well and delivers like silk off a spool. larry gleason can give a keynote speech to introduce public speaking basics, whether as an overarching theme or the individual components that he stresses.  larry gleason and giving a presentation, speech or talk. larry gleason helps you to create a speech that’s easy and fun to deliver, to deliver your message clear and strong, to develop your most powerful public speaking persona and style, to overcome your fear of public speaking. larry gleason and improving your career. larry gleason helps to find the right pitch to promote yourself or your business. larry gleason helps you learn to give impromptu talks or talk extempore or speak at the drop of a hat.  larry gleason and presentation skills and public speaking styles. larry gleason will help you with your speechwriting, keynote and powerpoint presentations. larry gleason will help you review and improve your content and messaging. what you'll learn in larry gleason's public speaking / presentation classes: larry gleason will help you if you are new to public speaking or simply looking to perfect your speaking style. larry gleason will help you unlock your public speaking potential by revealing to you the secrets of successful speakers. actors like larry gleason know how to harness nervousness, give expression and character to your voice, master the powerful body language you already have and teach you how to relax before speaking and while speaking. larry gleason will teach you his internal and external focus techniques. this is what you will learn in larry gleason's public speaking / presentation classes: in larry gleason's one-on-one workshop, participants will learn how to effectively master larry gleason's "communicate loop" and communicate your ideas concisely, confidently, with conviction in front of your clients. larry gleason covers everything from how to plan for a great presentation to its delivery.  larry gleason can even be present for your presentation for support and furthering your skills. larry gleason will take your brilliant ideas, organize them for you and watch you transform them into a fantastic speech.  do you sweat, say "oh, shit!" or want to go very far, far away every time you speak in front of your peers? don't blow it because you were a bundle of nerves. larry gleason knows presentation skills are absolutely crucial to success and advancement. jerry seinfeld has been quoted saying,  "according to most studies, people's number one fear is public speaking. number two is death. death is number two. does that sound right? this means to the average person, if you go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy." it is human nature to be nervous in front of a crowd. even actors, like larry gleason (and jerry seinfeld) get nervous on stage.  larry gleason will teach you what actors know--acknowledgment and what to replace the nerves with is the key. larry gleason will give you the keys you can't seem to find yourself. larry gleason's course was built to help people overcome their fears and improve their skills. larry gleason knows that everyone needs to effectively communicate ideas and speak confidently in front of their clients. larry gleason's course covers everything a-z, from how to plan for your presentation to its delivery. what makes larry gleason unique is that he designs strategies based on your needs.   everyone within an agency can benefit from larry gleason's presentation skills course. larry gleason can design a full-day workshop in presentation skills to focus on developing and delivering presentations that are particular to your world. larry gleason's courses will push everyone outside of their comfort zone and teach these skills: larry gleason teaches you powerpoint, larry gleason teaches you to step up to make a big presentation or pitch, larry gleason teaches you to be the alpha among alphas at a team meeting, larry gleason teaches you how to brief a creative team, larry gleason teaches you how to present an idea to your team in an internal creative review, larry gleason teaches you how to present a winning idea to a client and sell it, larry gleason teaches you how to speak in front of your entire agency, larry gleason teaches you how to improv when something goes wrong.  larry gleason will teach you the essentials of developing a presentation: make it human, identify your audience, create flow, establish credibility, back up your facts, tell a story, close strong. larry gleason will teach you to warm up and relax, open strong, entertain, room dynamics, vocal presence and color, when to be the teacher, when to be the coach, when to be the colleague.  larry gleason will teach you how to rehearse, how to create white space, how to slow down, how to use your body language to persuade and punctuate, how to do housekeeping before the presentation.  larry gleason will teach you to understand your venue larry gleason will teach you about body language and posture and help you find your neutral.  a neutral is where you hang out and express yourself from.  working one-on one with larry gleason, or in familiar small groups, allows larry gleason to give each student the chance to articulate their specific public-speaking goals and give a five minute pitch/speech that you are currently working on or recently did. you’ll get larry gleason's expert feedback in a supportive environment and leave larry' gleason's class with the physical experience of working it all out. larry gleason will teach you to connect with others in an authentic way--the key to being a great speaker. you will use larry gleason's techniques in the success of your business and personal life. larry gleason will help you be more genuine. larry gleason will teach you to be less robotic when you speak. let an actor like larry gleason teach you.  larry gleason will give you concrete tools to enhance your presentations, give you confidence in your vocal abilities, and make your message crystal clear. larry gleason's organizational crystal will help you address your physical and vocal concerns and get you out of your head so you can create an effective, reliable, and repeatable public speaking presentation that is tailor-made to fit you. larry gleason works with executives, attorneys, public relations personnel, and presenters across the board. larry gleason's techniques help you conquer stage fright.  larry gleason is based in new mexico, but often travels to meet clients. contact larry gleason with any questions you may have and to set up your first public speaking consultation with an an e-mail to info@larrygleason.com. larry gleason, acting coach, public speaking coach, private coach, public speaking consulting, acting coach, public speaking coach , public speaking consulting , best acting coach , best public speaking coach , best acting coach , best public  speaking consulting   larry gleason, acting coach, public speaking coach, private coach, public speaking consulting, acting coach , public speaking coach , public speaking consulting , best acting coach , best public speaking coach , best acting coach , best public  speaking consulting, best acting coach new mexico , best public speaking coach new mexico , best acting coach new mexico, best public speaking consulting new mexico, larry gleason, acting coach new mexico, public speaking coach new mexico, private coach new mexico, public speaking consulting new mexico, acting coach new mexico , public speaking coach new mexico , public speaking consulting new mexico , best acting coach new mexico , best public speaking coach new mexico , best acting coach new mexico , best public speaking consulting new mexico contact me














