






creative resistance – green solutions, renewable resources, canadian business




























skip to content




creative resistance
green solutions, renewable resources, canadian business






primary menu
home
about
contact
 








what a 20-year canadian business owner thinks of trump’s tariff threats

 december 10, 2024  doris wade 


welcome back to the creative resistance blog! today i have something special and with the times for you. to get you a unique perspective outside the media and rambling social media alike, i interviewed a close friend who has owned and operated their own small business in canada that relies on imports and exports with the usa. here is what she thinks about donald trump’s tariff threats.
in case you haven’t heard the news, donald trump pledges to raise the tariffs on canadian exports into the usa by 25% on january 20th, 2025 if canada fails to secure the border. as a note, my interviewee wishes to stay anonymous as she doesn’t want politics getting mixed up with her business. just know that if you knew her name it would make sense why she wants to stay anonymous, as she employs both many americans and canadians.



the interview:
my first question was, do you take this threat seriously? her answer was, “donald talks a lot, which the media attacks him for. but from my observation he usually does what he says he does, so yes i do take this threat seriously. and because he does what he says he does i also believe that if we can do what he wants, he’ll back off.”
my second question was, do you agree the canadian-us border is troublesome and needs looking at? her answer was, “it’s more than just troublesome and it needs much more than just looking at. to be fair, what trudeau has done to our border is a disgrace. i wouldn’t be surprised if more people cross over the border, either in or out, illegally than legally. it’s not just me it’s every historian who should agree when trump says a country isn’t a country without borders. we need to find a better way to prevent illegal crossings altogether, not just slow it down.”
my third question was, how would you secure the border then? her answer was: “dig a giant pit, i don’t know. a pit is easier than a wall. cameras with sensors can see when someone falls into the pit, so someone can help them, and take them back to where they came from unfortunately with tax payer’s money. in fact, if someone wants to break the law as the first thing they do when they enter a country, you should slap them with a bill to cover the cost of shipping them home, too. the border should’ve been secured decades ago and tax payers aren’t the ones who should have to pay for this stupidity.”
my fourth question was, i wanted to interview you because i knew you had strong opinions, of which i disagree. what would you say to people like me who think donald trump is wrong? her answer was, “perhaps there’s nothing i can say. but if i were to be blunt and honest to a friend like you, i’d recommend reading some history books, to see what happens when countries don’t protect their borders. i understand many coming here and many using canada as a stepping stone to get into the us just want a better life for themselves, but that better life comes at the cost of families who have been serving our country for generations to make living a better life possible in the first place. if you want to help someone by giving them a better life, then go out and do it. don’t expect others to do it for you as you post sanctimonious garbage on social media.”
my fifth and final question was, lastly, if we do fail to meet donald trump’s demands, how would this 25% tariff affect your business? her answer was, “detrimental isn’t quite the right word, because i wouldn’t be in business this long if i couldn’t adapt to challenges, but i’d have to cut costs to at least the amount of 25% if i wanted to keep making the same profits. that would mean no more raises for my employees for several years, no more spending to upgrade equipment, and these are just examples of the things we’d not do. things we will be forced to do include find new partners to lower costs, perhaps lay off employees who aren’t performing well, and replace three mediocre workers with one good worker. to prevent laying off people for as long as possible i’d of course try top eat up the losses with my own profits first, but at a certain point i’ll ask myself why i’m doing all this, why am i stressing over this business when it’s no longer worthwhile? i’m getting close to that retirement age anyway.”
thank you to my friend for expressing her opinions. i hope you the reader were able to take something away from this insight. in my personal opinion, which is not an expert one, i think donald trump is overreacting. he could instead use more polite tactics to help us secure the border rather than threaten us. either way, my heart goes out to all the businesses who may be effected by this over the coming years.


canadian talk border crossings, canadian border, donald trump, opinion, tariff threats, trump tariffs 



3 cool things you didn’t know about the west coast of north america

 may 28, 2024may 28, 2024  doris wade 



i’ve lived on the east coast, the midwest, and the west coast. in all these places in north america some things are unique, but most things are the same. people’s accents change, the temperature changes, the architecture changes, and most of these differences are already obvious to americans and canadians. i could easily write an article in the reverse titled “4 things you didn’t know about the east coast,” but today, because i had a blast visiting friends in seattle this past weekend, i want to share some cool things that most people elsewhere probably don’t know about the west coast and life on the pacific. so let’s get started.
#1: there’s more lawn furniture and flowers in people’s gardens for a good reason:

yes, it’s true. compare the average front yard of a east coast home to the average front yard of a west coast home and you’ll certainly see the difference. west coast homes have more patio furniture, more flowerbeds, more luxurious landscape design, and this is for a very, very good reason. actually, this reason makes me respect people on the east coast a lot. it’s not that people on the west coast are just more creative. it’s actually the case that people on the east coast and parts of north america’s center suffer from hurricanes almost every winter! if you had a home in nova scotia and you knew there was likely to be another hurricane this year, would you spend time and money planting little delicate flowers and fragile lawn furniture on your yard? no, you wouldn’t. instead you’d likely invest in a back-up generator, a bbq, and a big truck to plow through the snow! on the west coast, however, at least in north america, hurricanes are practically non-existent. on the west coast, hurricanes only exist way out in the pacific ocean and in south america, and almost never come to land in north america. this gives liberty to people living in places like washington and british colombia, allowing them to decorate their yards with fragile and delicate embellishments, because there’s no fear of high winds destroying everything. so, while you may have noticed west coast homes have more lavish exteriors from videos and photos, now you know why it’s like that. cool, right?
#2: while the east coast was colonized in the 1500s, the west coast wasn’t colonized until the 1800s:

when you look around wondering why barely anyone on the west coast speaks french, and why there is so much more american and canadian history from the east coast, it all makes sense once you learn that the west was last to be colonized by europeans, and this resulted in many subtle differences in landscape and culture that can still be noticed today. quebec city has been around since 1608, but at this time the city of vancouver was still wild rainforest packed with first nations tribes speaking more than thirty dialects. vancouver itself was not founded until 1886, when it was still a small city that exported lumber and salmon. many people know this, but if you’re learning this for the first time then doesn’t it make a lot of things less mysterious? like, why is the west coast more liberal and left wing than the east coast? why is the west coast less traditional, with less churches than the east coast? this history explains so much, as a lot of the cultural differences separating the west from the east in north america come from the simple fact that european pioneers landed on the east coast, and it took them hundreds of years before they even crossed the continent by land and discovered and settled in the west coast for the first time. isn’t that cool! if you want to see more history about the west coast, check out this awesome youtube video by usefulcharts about the history of vancouver:



#3: something considered fluffy and beautiful elsewhere is a rampaging menace in the west coast, and the culprit is moss!
there’s one really interesting and unique difference between the west coast and the east coast of north america that isn’t so obvious from videos and photos. it’s still not that noticeable even when you visit the west coast, unless you really look around and pay attention. there was a period when i was a kid living manitoba when i would fantasize about cute little ocean-side homes completely covered in moss. i thought the moss growing all over cabins and cottages in photos looked so cool and romantic. i was just a kid, but i wanted to live in a giant house that had nothing but moss for a roof! one trip to seattle in my teenage years was all it took to wave that dream goodbye, and my recent trip just confirmed it for me again. in the east and the center of north america, moss certainly exists, but it’s not the rampaging menace that it is on the west coast. i’m not aware of the science behind why moss is a monster terrorizing roofs and patios on the west coast while it’s a rare, friendly plant in the east, but that’s the case and there’s no denying it. having a house where the roof was completely covered in moss was a dream, but for many people in seattle it’s a living nightmare. some houses need to get roof cleaning and moss removal every year or two, because if they don’t the roof will become permanently damaged and might need a replacement. so next time you look at a photo of a cute little cabin in the woods covered in moss, think about the poor people in seattle who have to pay hundreds of dollars to clean their roof every year.

these have been my 3 cool things that you probably didn’t know about the west coast. if you learned something or enjoyed my writing, please consider sharing this article on social media. until next time, thanks for stopping by the creative resistance blog. check out some of our older posts, and have a great rest of your day, wherever you are in the world.


canadian talk, main colonization, cool facts, east coast vs west coast, hurricanes, living on the west coast, moss, west coast differences, west coast north america 



i’m excited for 2024! (5 reasons why)

 august 28, 2023august 28, 2023  doris wade 



today i want to share 5 reason why i’m excited for 2024. the new year often brings anxiety to many hearts as people judge themselves and reflect on the paths of their lives. the year 2024 is not long around the corner and to bring hope to people suffering from this anxiety i want to provide 5 reasons why you should have hope for the future like me.
reason #1: the first reason i’m excited for 2024 is the american presidential election. no matter who wins i hope that the current strife in america will get resolved with a new leader everyone can stand by.
reason #2: the second reason is that i’m excited for where artificial intelligence will take us. in 2021 everyone was hyped about crypto currency. i hope ai doesn’t take the same turn crypto did and become a derogatory part of society, but either way it will be interesting to see where the tech goes.
reason #3: i’m excited for 2024 because i’m planning on breeding turtles for extra passive income. i’ve been researching how to breed turtles for the last 3 years and finally feel confident enough to purchase a tank and get started, hopefully by the first quarter of 2024.
reason #4: i’m excited to see where lab-grown meat goes. there have been many advocates for lab-grown meat on social media lately and if it works out it could be a win-win for meat-lovers and progressives alike.
reason #5: the last and most exciting reason are all the green energy solutions spreading across the world. we’re seeing more and more solar panels, more and more electric vehicles, of which i covered briefly in my recent post, and i’m so amazed to see this change taking place. even if global warming wasn’t a factor i think it’s smart for cars and homes to be powered renewably.
so these have been my 5 reasons for being excited for 2024. i hope i was able to provide some optimism for you and hope to see you back soon!


electric vehicles, solar power 2024 will be a good year, 5 reasons to be excited for 2024, thoughts about 2024 



creative landscape design: simple vs. luxury landscaping

 july 21, 2023december 10, 2024  doris wade 



welcome back to the creative resistance blog. a few weeks back we talked about why the future is bright, and one of the reasons why 2023 has been kind to us is the all the yard work we’ve been getting done on our property. the authors at creative resistance are by no means professional landscapers, however in the last year we’ve learned a ton about the difference between luxury and simple landscape design. today we want to share what we’ve learned in case any of you out there (our beloved readers) are thinking of hiring landscapers for your yard work as well.
today we’ll cover the pros and cons of both luxury and simple landscaping, so you can make an educated decision one what type of landscaping is best for you and your yard.
pros and cons of simple landscape design

simple landscape design is usually much more affordable and faster to complete than a more complex design that you’ll find when getting luxury landscaping. some people don’t even consider the cost or the time involved when choosing simple landscape design, however, because they actually prefer the simple aesthetics that come with it. for example, simple landscape design makes great use of space with simple features like trees, bushes and a concrete driveway. another pro reason to choose simple landscape design is that it requires much less maintenance.
if all you want is a fresh lawn to enjoy, a place to park your car and some trees to take shade under in the sunny season, then a simple landscape is all that you need. you’ll also save money and have your project completed in a short amount of time. however, there are also a few cons of simple landscaping that we noticed. most simple landscapes lack lighting and water features, and there are also less flowers and exotic plants to enjoy. if you want an extravagant garden with pathways, flowerbeds and lighting features, then a simple landscape might not be best for you.
pros and cons of luxury landscape design

luxury landscaping is the route you want to choose if you have a bigger budget, less time constraints and want to have something exquisite that will set your property apart. luxury landscape design often includes more features than simple landscaping, such as the use of more flowers, more exotic plants, more water features like ponds and fountains, complex drainage systems, custom woodwork like trellises and pergolas, as well as paved driveways rather than simple concrete. the best example we could possibly share with you is the luxury landscaping victoria enjoys with companies like coste verde and larix landscape. such companies specialize in all the many aspects of luxury landscaping that many smaller companies can’t do or need to outsource, aspects such as: fences, decks, patios, ponds, bridges, excavation, irrigation, tree transplanting and much more. a simple landscape design company might only be able to provide lawn care and maintenance, concrete and tree planting, so if you’re going to choose a luxury landscape then you want to go with an experienced company who can do it all.
there are also some cons to luxury landscaping, of course. perhaps the most major con is the maintenance involved. basically, the more aspects of your landscape’s design the more maintenance you’ll need. the more species of flowers and trees means more care and time involved in caring for each species. the more lighting and water features you include means more pond maintenance and more electricity to keep the lights running. therefore luxury landscaping is also something you only choose if you have the budget to install it as well as the budget to maintain it. we wouldn’t recommend luxury landscaping if regular and expensive maintenance is something you’d rather avoid.
thanks for reading!
we hope the information we provided here will help you and your household make the informed decision best for you. choosing whether you want a luxury or simple landscaping is something you don’t want to rush, so feel free to do further research, call around for quotes from companies near you, and take your time making the best choice. 


canadian talk, landscaping 



it’s 2023 and the future is bright!

 june 22, 2023june 22, 2023  doris wade 



back in 2020 i made a post about better times. now it’s 2023 and i’m more excited about the future than ever. if you think the times today are crazy, then bear with me. i’ll try to explain why i think the future is bright.
i’ve had a lot of time over the pandemic and recovering from it to ponder on life and the condition of the human race on earth. i won’t give you a history lessen, but the truth is that 2023 is the most peaceful year the world has seen since humans created civilization. there’s still many problems, from cobalt mining in africa to loss of freedoms in china, not to mention the ukraine war, but all that is nothing compared to the norman conquest, the black plague or world war 2.
but peace isn’t my main cause for excitement when it comes to the future. i’m so pleased with the way technology is advancing. here at creative resistance we’re seeing everything we’ve been fighting for come to fruition. there’s more green energy solutions than ever before, from tesla cars to solar panels on houses, we’re seeing a dramatic shift in the world toward renewable sources of electricity. of course, we need to move slowly adjusting from older energy choices, so i’m so impressed to see we’re moving along so fast!
we look forward to writing more on good news like this, to keep optimism in our hearts and to share good vibes for our readers. thanks for enjoying the ride with us!


solar power optimism for the future, why the future is bright 



better times

 may 22, 2020  doris wade 


it’s sensible to believe a utopia is impossible, because it’s impossible to please everyone. in a utopian world, many of us might dream about what it was like to live in the incredibly unfair middle ages. others might wish they had been born in the 20th and 21st centuries like us. so, with these things considered, what does it mean to wish for better times?
are we being selfish to wish for times are better for us if they aren’t necessarily better for everyone else? we believe the answer is “yes” if if the hopes for something better means saving the planet as we know it. for example, if our wish for a better world is simply to have sustainable resources, then we could argue that it’s best for everyone. but, then again, not every wish for the future is arguably best for everyone.
wishing for better times is a complex thing to grasp, as we’ve just demonstrated. taking that into account, our message here at our organization, however brief it may be, is that if by better times someone means sticking to unsustainable energy that pollutes are planet so you can make more money then that’s wrong! there’s one better future that will be best for everyone whether they know it or not, and that’s switching to green energy!


canadian talk, solar power a future that is best for everyone 



red deer tow truck company sees silver lining to social distancing despite less vehicular traffic

 april 18, 2020june 22, 2023  doris wade 


all bad news has some positive ripple effect, even if we can’t see it. the positive ripple effect for social distancing due to covid-19, however, has been brought to our attention by one special red deer towing company, mar-tin towing & recovery, to be exact. you may be shocked to know that a towing company is glad to see less traffic on the roads because towing companies rely on vehicular traffic for business. every towing company i’ve talked to has taken a hit from the corona virus social distancing program but the silver lining that everyone can be happy about, especially us here at creative resistance, is that, since there is less vehicular traffic, less planes in the sky and less boats in the sea, pollution around the globe has also taken a big hit.
people have been amazed at how quickly social distancing has had a positive impact on the environment. there are reports of the ocean being cleaner, city smog declining, and us green energy enthusiasts are shocked to realize that, despite all our intentional objectives to save the environment in the past, the solution to pollution has now come accidentally and unintentionally thanks to covid-19. the longer people around the world practice social distancing, operating their businesses out of home and traveling less often, the sooner we can undo the environmental damages caused by pollution. i always thought green energy would be the solution–an intentional fix with people behind the scenes working hard. but now our efforts are being supported unintentionally by people practicing social distancing around the world because there are less cars on the streets and in turn less pollution being emitted into the atmosphere.

this, of course, means that towing companies and all transportation businesses for that matter are being negatively impacted business-wise, but there are some companies out there like mar-tin towing & recovery in red deer, alberta, canada that are willing to take this hit for as long as possible simply for the positive effect is has on the environment. there is no doubt that the economy will recover and there will soon be less social distancing in the world–or in other words we’ll be returning back to normal–but we still can’t deny how grateful we are to see this clean our oceans, clean our skies and clean our wilderness locations around the world.
in red deer alone, it has been reported that the air is fresher, the lakes are cleaner and it’s all because pollution has decreased dramatically. i wanted to share this fabulous silver lining because i bet there are people in other parts of the world who have yet to realize this positive side-effect and by being aware of it they might have more hope for the future. so thanks again to our dear tow truck company in red deer ab for bringing this to our attention. we wish you the best when everything begins to shift back to normal. god bless!
cheers to mar-tin towing & recovery red deer
27038, township rd 380, red deer, ab t4e 1a8
(403) 391-6951


canadian talk, tow trucks the silver lining of social distancing, towing company supports social distancing 



happy to be canadian! surviving covid-19 in canada

 march 17, 2020  doris wade 


it’s a great day in canada, as usual. i’m sure it’s a great day in most parts of the world, but here in canada it’s especially a great day for me because i have my familiar, flowery street. that familiar, salty breeze. that sugary, savory maple syrup. tim horton’s coffee, that proud canadian drink. now all i need is for the hockey games to come back on! but i don’t want my favorite hockey players to catch covid-19. either way, it’s a great day in canada!
this friendly message is for my fellow canadians but also everyone around the world! in this time we live in right now, things are wonderful. you have to believe that in order to see it though. i wish you all the best. stay strong canadians. the future awaits us! we symbolize green energy. we are the future, literally. i see bold destinies and vast origins, hands in hands striding together. oh, canada, i will stand on guard for thee!



canadian talk canadians in 2020, surviving covid-19 in canada 



getting creative with tow trucks & window cleaning for green energy solutions

 august 1, 2019  doris wade 


welcome back! as our regular readers will know, this blog is all about green energy solutions to fight pollution in the environment. over time we’ve also covered such topics as window cleaning theories and green tow truck technology. now we’re proud to announce that we’ll be focusing on window washing and towing services more often, as this fields are underrated when it comes to green energy solutions.
for example, electric tow trucks have been hitting the market and having fantastic results across canadian cities like victoria bc and winnipeg mb, not to mention toronto and american locales like new york. green energy solutions have been making great headway in the window cleaning industry, as window washing solutions increasingly sport less harmful chemicals and company vehicles increasingly convert to electric vans. likewise, tow truck drivers across winnipeg have been loving the proposition of electric tow trucks and altogether the green energy industry is benefiting greatly.
we just wanted to announce that from here on out our quaint blog will be getting creative across these areas for the major purpose of honing down on more specific topics we’re interested in and working with our readers to provide educational content in under-represented fields of discussion.
thanks for reading and we hope to see you back soon!


tow trucks, window cleaning green towing solutions, green window cleaning solutions 



what animal symbolizes green energy?

 february 23, 2019  doris wade 


many poetic writers like to call certain aspects of western civilization like the oil industry or policing in black communities “the beast” which is an allusion to satan in the book of revelations, described as a dragon, like python in ancient greek mythology, referenced by dante and numerous other famous writers of history.
now if evil deserves such a powerful image to symbolize it, then goodness does, too, and today i would like to assert a creature as the symbol of green energy.
what creature represents green energy?
i did a lot of thinking about this because i am pioneering here and want to get it right. i think i deserve to make this choice, not because i have a big ego or because i am an expert in green energy but because i am, myself, a symbol for today’s revolution in western culture. i am a young person who dreams of a green tomorrow and i also run this cool blog about creative resistance to pollution. so if you’re looking for which animal symbolizes solar power or green energy solutions then keep reading.
answer: the green iguana.

but why? there are several reasons why i chose the green iguana to symbolize green energy. the obvious one is because they’re green, but here’s a rundown of the others:

they are herbivores, which means they don’t eat meat, and for many the rise in green energy around the world comes in tandem with the rise of health, which includes yoga and vegan lifestyles, not that being a herbivore is a healthy choice for everyone. refraining from eating other animals to me symbolizes conscience and morality.
with their wrinkles and beard the green iguana looks like a wizened old man who’s seen enough negativity in his days. many say the owl is the symbol of wisdom, but if you ask me the green iguana looks very wise, indeed. if it could talk it might scold us for the way we treat the planet.
the green iguana can run 21 miles per hour, which is fast for its size. i mention this because there is a misconception that green energy for whatever reason isn’t as powerful as conventional energy that pollutes the planet. well, the easiest way to debunk that myth is to take a look at some of electric race cars out there. even your average tesla car can drive just as fast as your traditional gas-fueled car. so when i chose the green iguana one of the main factors i was looking for is speed.
green iguanas live in tropical rain forests. this is very apt because the main reason people plead for green energy solutions is to protect the environment and when we think of the environment being polluted we also think of rain forests being cut down and animals in rain forests losing their habitats or becoming extinct. almost any creature that lives in the rain forest would make a great symbol for green energy, but the green iguana also has the aforementioned qualities which make it the perfect symbol for the green movement if you ask me.



solar power what animal represents green energy?, what is the symbol for green energy? 



guest post #1: electric tow trucks in winnipeg mb! | kate kristen

 february 15, 2019  doris wade 


brief note from host: “as i promised in my update, a friend of mine was wanting to talk about how her father is planning to drive one of the first electric tow trucks in winnipeg, and this might very well be the first electric tow truck in canada as far as we know. very interesting stuff, i think. so i’ll let here take it away.”
kate kristen talks about a potential line of electric tow trucks in winnipeg, manitoba, canada
hello, i’m kate! now before you get over excited i should tell you that we haven’t actually got the electric tow trucks made yet but we’re working on it. as you know the environment could use some help, and my father and i have found an ingenious way to do so. we want to help the green energy movement, specifically the sector around electric cars, because we think this has a great potential for not only tow trucks but trucks of all sorts, even fire trucks and 18-wheelers. the technology is rapidly catching up to our ideas and we know it won’t be long before we can put our budget to use and design a line of electric tow trucks. this experiment to help the environment will take place in winnipeg, mb, as this is where my father works for a winnipeg towing company.
we’re planning to get this project fully developed and underway by 2022, but until then we still have much work to do, specifically in the design of these electric tow trucks. my father has been doing winnipeg towing services for over a decade now and he’s super excited about this. we already have a good investor in the project and all the funding is here, but we want to do this right and take no risks.
the reason why i wanted to share this on my friend’s green energy solutions blog is because i want to create a discussion about this and spread the word. how cool do you think it would be if tow trucks were electric? already in winnipeg many taxis are electric, so why not other vehicles? by spreading the word and talking openly about this we can gain excitement and support from many areas. debates in universities, conversations in restaurants and podcasts on youtube are all great mediums to carry this discussion forward. i invite you to talk about this with your friends. perhaps you know someone who lives in winnipeg. do you think they would be glad if something like this happened?

what’s bad about electric tow trucks in winnipeg?

the batteries of electric tow trucks would need to be strong enough to haul heavy loads, and also have enough power to give the vehicle the kind of speed it needs to go on freeways and reach customers looking for emergency roadside assistance in a timely manner, which is a challenge but we’re working on it. the real challenge is doing this on our budget, but the technology is here.
also, the batteries of electric tow trucks, like any electric vehicle, need to be responsibly disposed of as the battery itself can harm the environment if not treated properly.

what’s good about electric tow trucks in winnipeg?

the tow trucks will still need to use a little bit of gas, we expect anyways. if we can avoid this by 2022, we will! but even if they did, we would be using a lot less fuel and oil than traditional towing companies in winnipeg mb and the effect on the environment will be very positive, not to mention the beacon to the world that will generate more support for green energy solutions. it might, however, be a bit ironic if our electric tow trucks do fuel delivery services. but, hey, they’d do it anyway!
we believe that if one towing company in winnipeg converts to green energy that this will motivate and inspire other local towing companies in the area and this may domino to other parts of the world as well as other businesses and industries. if we can prove that a winnipeg towing company can convert to a fleet of electric tow trucks than so can other businesses that use trucks, like food delivery, even family suvs and so on. this, in a nutshell, is what’s giving us the will do do this entire project. we want to have a long-lasting impact!

so now finally i’d like to conclude by just saying thank you for being interested. it’s people like you who care about the environment that are making the difference whether you know it or not. by standing up to problems like this and supporting blogs who make discussions, you’re having a profound subconscious effect on the world and i love you for it. so keep being you! and, hey, check back in 2022 to see how our winnipeg towing company has converted. there’s a small possibility we won’t be able to reach our deadline but there’s also a greater chance that we’ll get this done even sooner!
so wish us luck and thanks again!


electric vehicles a winnipeg tow truck driver fighting environmental damage, the first electric tow trucks in canada 



progress report february 2019

 february 14, 2019  doris wade 


creative resistance to environmental problems are being tackled around the world. i’ve been busy enough to not keep up with the amazing detail of progress countries are making in green energy solutions, but i have been reading enough to know things are going in a good direction overall. despite trump’s revival of big oil, young people on average still agree with the opposing views and big oil has no chance of making a comeback that will equal it’s heyday. we are on the road to change, and this is a good thing.
this progress report, however, is about me and what i’ve been thinking about lately. i recently got an electric car and this feels amazing to drive, not only because it uses green energy and doesn’t pollute the environment (besides the battery which can be disposed of responsibly when the times comes) but also because the car is quiet and doesn’t rumble like a classic engine car. it’s really smooth sailing on the road with an electric car, and i love the quietness on the freeways, plus i save a lot on gas now.
another cool thing that’s new with me is i’ve been on a few dates with an old friend from australia and she might be doing a guest post in the next few days talking about how towing companies are switching to electric trucks in some parts of the world. she knows about this a lot more than most of us because her father works for a towing company in canada. on this more later.
the last piece of news i want to share is my overall happiness in the last few weeks. i’ve been exercising more and i notice i have a lot more cognitive power during times of the day where i used to have a dearth in energy. i’ll be increasing my exercise in a few days and might dedicate a post to the benefits of exercise in my own experience pretty soon.
thanks for checking out my update and i hope your season is going well. 2019 is an amazing year to work hard and kick butt in the world. good luck out there!


update update report for green energy blog 



our 2019 resolution

 december 28, 2018  doris wade 


we’ve had lots of fun rebuilding our blog in 2018 but now we have new plans for the new year–2019!
this, however, doesn’t mean we’ll be posting more often. this blog is a side project in our many avenues of focus and we only wish to improve the quality of our writing and the ideas we share. after all, we’re all about ideas for creative resistance to earth’s many growing problems in pollution.
what is our resolution word for word?
our 2019 resolution goes as follows: “we hope to give hope to the youth of today so that they can become actors of peace for the future. in a lot of youth today, hope for the future is lost. but hope shouldn’t be lost. there has been much progress over recent years in trying to reach nation-to-nation understanding and agreements for green energy solutions. the end of the world isn’t coming soon like some people might claim and today the great nations of the world still have hundreds if not thousands of years to prosper and adapt to changing economies. so if you’re one of those people spreading fear into the minds of our youth by preaching revolution and conspiracy theories, please stop. we know your intentions are good, but that is not the way to go about change. we must instill hope in our youth because fear is the opposite of what we need! thank you!”
we hope to:

speak of the reasons why the future is going to be bright and happy
help to remove bad feelings from the hearts of as many people as possible
create more ideas to resist pollution

now after reading our resolution we hope you’ve done some thinking about yours. 2019 can be a bright and peaceful year, but only if you decide it to be so.
we wish you all the best in 2019,
sincerely, the team at creative resistance


call to action hopes for 2019 



my clean window theory

 december 20, 2018august 28, 2023  doris wade 


this theory came to me after a vivid dream i had where window cleaning companies had taken over the world. i know a dream can’t get much more strange than that but just bear with me here. in my dream there were window cleaners crowding the streets of all cities and, although they had taken over the governments of the world, everyone was living in peace because the window cleaners were converting people to do nothing but wash windows with rags and squeegees all day.
now how could i possible get a creative resistance theory from something like this? just wait and read, baby!
in my dream peace had covered the earth because everyone was preoccupied with the art of cleansing. cleaning windows to me is a symbol for cleaning our perceptions and the soul, because windows are what we look through (perceptions) and cleaning removes grime (hate and anger) from the surface of reality.
though this may sound silly, i’m taking it very seriously. my clean window theory goes as follows:

as more people get preoccupied with cleansing their inner selves, more peace will spread in the world.
as more peace spreads in the world, more people will be, much like my dreamed window cleaners, working in public to help others clean their windows, too.
when everyone has windows that are washed pure (clean souls) all will be right in the world.

i know this is a bit hokey and explaining this is hard for me. as i talk about it more, i, too, am learning more about it so i thank you for sticking with me for this long. i don’t usually talk openly about my belief in the soul and how it can be cleaned much  like a window but here i am. i promise my next posts will not have this spiritual tendency.
this theory is still developing and i think i now know a way to make it seem more clear for my readers. take this great example to clarify things. my friend who lives in british columbia asked me if i know the best window cleaning company victoria bc and i told her about the business i used to use when i lived there. i also told her that these window cleaners were symbols for spiritual gurus and when they clean your windows it’s allowing you to see outside more clearly, and when you’re outside you can also see inside with clarity! she thought i was a little crazy but then i said something that made it all make sense for her:
“a clean window is the perfect symbol for clarification of mind, purpose and soul.”


so my theory, in other words, is a creative resistance to cloudy vision, stress and unwanted thoughts. we must, like window cleaners, remove the grime from our eyes, ears and thinking in order to see clearly again! i hope this makes sense for you because it’s only just starting to for me. i’m going to do a lot more thinking about this.
thanks for taking the time to check out my clean window theory and i hope to see you next time!


spiritual a theory for cleaning windows 



install solar panels on your home to fight global warming!

 october 6, 2018october 6, 2018  doris wade 


across north america we’re seeing a drastic rise in the installation of solar panels as a direct result of fear of global warming. lessening how we use un-renewable resources is having an impact on wildlife so awesome we can’t comprehend it. the more that solar panels replace the burning of coal the more clean our skies will be for wildlife.

consider installing solar panels this week. not only does it help to fight global warming, it saves you money as it dramatically lessens the cost of heating and electricity bills.
i see a future where solar panels on new buildings and homes is a mandatory building code regulation. this would mean that soon enough every single house in north america would be producing a bulk portion of their own energy. wouldn’t that be great?
coal mines may find themselves closing down all over the world, but there will be work for these people in the renewable energy industry, and they’ll be welcomed with open arms. one day even electric cars could have hidden solar panels across the surface of the whole car in any color of the owners’ wishes.
the future is bright and with more creative solutions, problems will slip away into the history of earth, and we’ll move onward toward a clean environment for everyone.
cheers to everyone helping the world unconditionally with solar panels on their home. we love you!
if you still need convincing of why you should install solar panels asap, here’s a list of all the things you’ll be helping everyday without effort:

future generations
inspiring your neighborhood
birds in the sky
fish in the ocean
the ozone layer
wildlife in the forests
the philosophy of children
decisions of politicians

and there’s much, much more! thank you for considering to do this for the planet!
 
 


solar power fighting global warming with the warmth of the sun 



do you have ideas to share? we’re looking for creative problem solvers

 september 25, 2018  doris wade 


there are a lot problems in the world when it comes to the environment. but we don’t like to dwell on the problems for too long. we love to dwell on the solutions, because we look at the world and see so much positive action. we have immense hope for the future and know that our small blog is only part of the greater scheme.
we have huge love for all solar panel companies and everyone who works to make the future greener. now if you have any creative ideas to solve some of our environmental issues, we’d love to hear about them. you can either comment or contact us and if we like your idea we’ll get back to you and talk business.
it’s not often that the next great thinker solves one of the world’s most pressing issues, but it is known to happen. perhaps you could be one of those great thinkers and not even know it. so if you have an idea please don’t hide it from the world. start a blog like us and express your creative resistance!
people like elon musk are rare, but we can’t use that as an excuse not to do our best. it may take a dozen of me to do what musk is doing but i still work hard for this because it’s important to me. in the future i hope to give talks at school and spread my views on the radio. we all must dream.
now before i leave you to consider submitting your ideas i want to ask you one thing: what kind of world do you want to live in?
 


call to action call to action for green earth, sharing ideas for creative resistance 




search

search for:





recent posts


what a 20-year canadian business owner thinks of trump’s tariff threats


3 cool things you didn’t know about the west coast of north america


i’m excited for 2024! (5 reasons why)


creative landscape design: simple vs. luxury landscaping


it’s 2023 and the future is bright!


tags5 reasons to be excited for 2024
2024 will be a good year
a future that is best for everyone
a theory for cleaning windows
a winnipeg tow truck driver fighting environmental damage
border crossings
call to action for green earth
canadian border
canadians in 2020
colonization
cool facts
donald trump
east coast vs west coast
fighting global warming with the warmth of the sun
green towing solutions
green window cleaning solutions
hopes for 2019
hurricanes
living on the west coast
moss
opinion
optimism for the future
sharing ideas for creative resistance
surviving covid-19 in canada
tariff threats
the first electric tow trucks in canada
the silver lining of social distancing
thoughts about 2024
towing company supports social distancing
trump tariffs
update report for green energy blog
west coast differences
west coast north america
what animal represents green energy?
what is the symbol for green energy?
why the future is bright
find us address
123 main street
new york, ny 10001
hours
monday—friday: 9:00am–5:00pm
saturday & sunday: 11:00am–3:00pm









						proudly powered by wordpress  | 
		theme: flaton by webulous themes 













