




biological sciences - biological science | csuf



























  this page uses javascript to help render elements, if you have problems please enable javascript.

 
 


skip navigation



 
		 
	



california state university, fullerton

 


 
 


site menu
 
 
 






college of natural sciences and mathematicsbiological science





main navigation
		people
		
		undergraduates
		
		graduate students
		
		events
		
		facilities
		
		employment
		
		contact us
		
		social media
		
		careers
		 

  							
		





 



department news



	
		 
	





message from the chair, dr. marcelo tolmasky


welcome to the website of the department of biological science at cal state fullerton. we offer an undergraduate bachelor’s degree (b.s.) in biological science and a thesis-based master of science (m.s.) degree in biology. 
we are dedicated to educating the individual student using active-learning, inquiry-based approaches. the undergraduate curriculum provides all biology majors with broad exposure to fundamental biological principles and depth of knowledge within a specialized area of concentration chosen by the student.
our program is distinctive in the region in the number of excellent opportunities that are available for faculty-mentored undergraduate research and a commitment to integrating teaching and research. our mission is to help guide students to acquire the skills, develop the attitudes, and master the information necessary to continue their education, obtain desirable employment in biology-related careers, and be productive citizens. 
our graduate degree prepares students for entry into ph.d. and health-professions programs, research careers with governmental and non-governmental agencies and in the private sector, and teaching at the two-year college level.  
 















contact us
email: biolsci@fullerton.edu




















important information 





for virtual instructions, please confirm with the instructor whether your class will be meeting synchronously or asynchronously at the days and times shown in the class schedule. 

major advising information for first semester freshman and transfer students. an email will be sent to your csuf email account with important information about advising and registration. go to the 
college of nsm’s website
 for more information.




























































































this site is maintained by 
						biological science.
 last published 10/24/24
to report problems or comments with this site, please contact 
						mcuajungco@fullerton.edu. 
					© california state university, fullerton. all rights reserved.


web accessibility

			csuf is committed to ensuring equal accessibility to our users.  let us know about any accessibility problems you encounter using this website.
			we'll do our best to improve things and get you the information you need.
		

resources:
download adobe acrobat reader

adobe reader

download word viewer, or download excel viewer, or download powerpoint viewer

microsoft viewers


report an ati issue


accessible @ csuf




version_4.8.18




			this page uses javascript to help render elements, if you have problems please enable javascript.
		

			this page uses accordion styles which rely on javascript.  you do not have javascript enabled, some functions will be disabled.
		


