


problem pictures
















photographs with activities for mathematics teaching




 menu
home page
problem pictures (1)
problem pictures themes (2)
problem pictures numbers (3)
support & faqs
modelling photos with graphs
useful links
how to order
contact us
try these examples





problem pictures is about bringing mathematics to life with photographs. striking photographs 
          are combined with original questions and problems to challenge students 
          at all levels.


the original problem pictures resource has 184 colour photographs with activities for mathematics 
          teaching. each photograph comes with a question or activity. for each there is a page 
          giving hints, solutions and further information. initially all the photographs 
          can be viewed as a video montage with a music soundtrack. themes 
          covered by the pictures include symmetry, ratio, number patterns, spirals, 
          games, packaging, mazes and sundials. originally released on cd-rom and now available as a digital download. suitable for windows pcs, macs or any computer with a web browser.
here are some screen images and more information.

new
the three problem pictures resources can now be purchased as digital downloads. they are no longer available on cd-rom.






problem pictures themes has more than 300 colour photographs. 
         themes covered include chocolate, games & puzzles, mazes, perspective, time, 
          and wheels, as well as a large medley section covering 
          many other topics. u-shaped curves, straight lines & gradients 
          and waves & other curves are three sections that can be used 
          to model photographs with graphs. like 
          the original problem pictures, this resource contains a varied 
          collection of attractive and unusual images which are starting points 
          for mathematical activities. the materials are viewed in a web browser 
          making it easy to copy and paste to other applications. includes hints 
          and solutions.
here are some screen images and more information.


the problem pictures numbers resource continues the tradition of bringing 
          mathematics to life with photographs. the first part of the resource has 
          more than two hundred eye-catching photographs, each with questions 
          and activities to challenge students of all ages and abilities. there 
          are pictures of pedal bins, liquorice allsorts, patchwork quilts and 
          road signs. weird architecture and historic instruments also appear 
          in the mixture. the second part is on the theme of numbers. there is 
          a page for each whole number from zero up to 220. photographs show patterns 
          based on particular numbers as well as diverse images of the numbers 
          themselves. the accompanying text is adapted from the book numbers: 
          facts, figures and fiction, juxtaposing mathematical ideas with 
          facts and anecdotes about numbers in the real world.
here are some screen images and more information.




try these examples








the photographs and screen images on this website are copyright and may not be reproduced 
        without permission. copyright © richard phillips 2001/2015. keywords: 
        numeracy, math, maths, photos, mathematical photography, photography for 
        mathematics teaching, art. page updated 2 december 2022.



