






stereoscopy.com - the world of 3d-imaging! (3d photography / stereo photography)


















































 impressum 
    imprint







 system date & time:

	   
	   

	    gmt/utc
     








    welcome
      to stereoscopy.com - the world of 3d-imaging, your one stop information
      source about the fascinating world of  3d photography (stereo photography) and all other aspects of 3d ("stereoscopic") imaging. for almost 15 years, we cater
      for 3d-aficionados around the world and have grown to the world's largest website fully devoted to true stereoscopic images. 
   
  
























 
3d and stereoscopy - aren't those
  the same?
perspective is often confused 
      with 3d - which is not quite true, because the third dimension 
      (depth) is only "simulated". therefore, 2½d would be a 
      more appropriate expression. stereoscopic 
        imaging (or "real 3d"), however, requires a minimum of 
      two pictures, simulating our two eyes. this can either be 
      accomplished by using traditional photography (stereo photography), 
      computers (for example virtual 
        reality) or lasers (holography). 
3d-images can either be displayed as stereo pairs in a 3d-viewer (for slides or prints), or on a computer screen. other formats include anaglyph pictures (requiring red-green or red-blue 3d-glasses) and digital stereo projection (either with "passive" polarized 3d glasses or with "active" lcd shutter glasses).


 
  

stereoscopy.com provides 
      information about stereoscopic imaging for both 
      amateurs and professionals.
you have never tried to create 
        3d pictures? no problem: it's simple and we show you how 
          to get started!
you are looking for 3d equipment, literature 
          or services? our partners offer 
          what you need!
there is also a variety of 
             3d clubs providing a cozy 
            home for 3d enthusiasts.
stereoscopy.com is the place
              to look for information about 3d! please come back again regularly as
              we are adding more exciting things all the time!

   







we are offering
  a great variety of services for your information, reference and pleasure.
  please have a look at the services page.
if you can't find what
    you are looking for, or wish to contribute some information, please let
      us know!

   





the latest 3d-news



 


 



continue
  here
                to "services", the main menu





are you looking
    for something on this website? please enter your search-word(s) below:










please do
    not forget to visit
      the stereoscopy.com bookshop, offering the world's largest selection
    of books in 3d and about 3d.
















do you have any questions
    or comments, or are you are interested in publishing your 3d-related web
    pages on stereoscopy.com? please feel free to contact us. 
 
    and if you like our website, we also appreciate donations, allowing us to further enhance this website. just click on the button below:

















enter your search terms

submit search form





















[previous 
                    site] [next 
                      site] 
[skip 
                      previous] [random][skip 
                        next] 
[previous 
                      5 sites] [list 
                        all sites] [next 
                          5 sites]





copyright © 
    1996 -
    

    by stereoscopy.com 
    and alexander klein. 
all rights reserved. 
    any product names or logos are used for identification purposes 
    only and may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective 
    companies or institutions. registered and unregistered trademarks 
    used herein are the exclusive property of their respective owners. 
    stereoscopy.com makes no claim to any such marks, nor willingly 
    or knowingly misused or misapplied such marks.






hits since

oct. 1st, 1996





last modified 
      on november 6, 2015  








copyright © 
      1996 -
      

      by stereoscopy.com 
      and alexander klein.
      all rights reserved.










