



on-screen keyboard and touchscreen user interfaces


































800-889-0987 +1-818-701-1579












innovation managementgroup, inc. presents...




personal 
business 
oem 
assistive technology 


























my-t-soft® keyboards





my-t-soft® for android





my-t-soft® themes





my-t-soft® possibilities





img software solutions





my-t-soft® advantages





img personal license





my-t-soft® solutions





img personal license





my-t-soft® flexibility





img personal license





my-t-soft® in the enterprise





my-t-soft® everywhere







previous



next








keyboard solutions











my-t-soft ®
keyboard solutions
img has been providing virtual on-screen keyboard solutions since 1995. due to the wide variety of our customers, 
				the inherent flexibility of software, and specialized needs of user interfaces, we have many solutions and thousands
				of variations available, including our online layout database. the ongoing evolution of the on-screen keyboard into a powerful user interface!
				










products








build-a-board
create & modify customkeyboards, panels & boards







my-t-soft®
world standardon-screen keyboard utilities







my-t-touch®
keyboards & utilities fortouch screen user interfaces











my-t-pen®
for mobile pc, rugged tablet &military grade tablet computers







my-t-soft® ts
keyboards for terminal server and remote desktop thin clients







my-t-soft® basic
basic keyboards, buttonpanels & key pads











my-t-soft® ce
embedded & handheld keyboards,panels & boards







touchright utilities
right mouse functions fortouch screen systems







board browser
online layout databasekeyboards, panels & boards











joystick-to-mouse
allows any joystick to point & clickjust like a mouse







the magnifier
full screen magnifier softwarefor windows







my-t-mouse®
the original on-screenkeyboard for windows











smartclick
mouse click actionswith hover and dwell







onscreen
keyboards with wordcompletefor primary text input







onscreen with crossscanner
keyboards with single switchscanning for special needs











wordcomplete
word prediction &word completion







at accessibility suite
adaptive technology computer access products







options & services...
custom layouts, oem & engineering, integration, developer services








innovation management group, inc.














innovation management group, inc.
[view / hide]

	  img's on-screen keyboard tools and utilities have been the choice of tablet / rugged / mobile / industrial pc and touchscreen oem's, systems integrators, and end-users worldwide.  since 1995, customers have used img's software because of the high level of compatibility, functionality, security, reliability, and versatility our products provide! whether we're part of an automotive, food, pharmaceutical, or steel plant controller, or          
	  the interface to aircraft diagnostics, rugged military pc, mri, or fleet gps system, img utilities help run some of the most advanced and critical systems in the world.  
	  we also take pride in delivering that same quality and reliability to special needs individuals through our assistive technology computer accessibility division. 
	  perhaps that's why we're considered the world standard in on-screen keyboard and pointing device utilities!

   		img is the primary supplier of on-screen keyboard software (also called a virtual keyboard, touch screen keyboard, or soft keyboard) 
		   and keyboard designer tools to major automation, handheld, hmi, industrial, instrument, kiosk, medical, military, mobile, pen, public safety, rugged, scada, tablet pc, touchscreen,  
			ultra mobile pc, vehicle mount, voting, wearable, and whiteboard system manufacturers, software publishers, and end-users worldwide. the product line includes 
		    my-t-mouse, onscreen, my-t-pen, my-t-touch, my-t-soft, 
		  my-t-soft ts for terminal services / remote desktop, my-t-soft ce, and  
		  build-a-board keyboard designer, 
		  along with other pointing device enhancement software products.

        img's on-screen keyboard and pointing device enhancement utilities are written at the same level as the o/s and interface seamlessly to the o/s, its applications, and any high level programming environment. in addition to the many programmable functions and features 
          found in img's software utilities, img has had numerous requests for a way to control its programs externally without a lot of programming 
          expertise. img's developer's kit includes those features and makes integration easy.

        img's latest releases support windows 11 back through 98 (including windows xp embedded and tablet pc), windows ce through .net, 
		  windows server 2022 back through nt (terminal services / remote desktop to any thick or thin, wired or wireless clients), and come with full integration support. they also include
		  over 200 us & international layouts (including a russian keyboard, hebrew keyboard, arabic keyboard, chinese, japanese, and korean keyboards).
		  all img on-screen keyboard utilities also have the ability to use custom layouts built with img's build-a-board virtual keyboard designer tool and can be run on many platforms, including windows, windows ce, android, linux, & mac os x. 
		  they provide a major step-up in features, functionality, and integration capabilities over simplistic system on-screen keyboards.

	although keyboards are what img is best known for, other customers find img for different solutions...

the magnifier 1.50 the first truly affordable full screen magnifier is here! 
  img has taken customer and institutional suggestions, integrated the new magnification capabilities within windows,
	     added keyboard controls, a new "command menu window" for school, library, and institutional use, and has enhanced the software in many ways.
		 also, the magnifier and all img products are now available on img's "insert and run anywhere" usb drive! take it anywhere you go. nothing installs on the pc!

joystick-to-mouse lets you run windows, browse the web, or turn tedious tasks into fun by letting your joystick point and click like a mouse.  available with the img personal license, this is a neat utility that some customers just love...

wordcomplete provides stand-alone word prediction and completion 
		for both physical keyboard users and virtual on-screen keyboard users. wordcomplete is ideal for healthcare, legal, and medical fields where there are large or complex words,
		character strings, or technnical terms. abbreviation expansion, suffixing, and multiple dictionaries are supported...

smartclick is a utility that can click/double-click/right-click and provide other tools for customers that can point, but want or need a hover/dwell approach to perform mouse button actions...

touchright utilities provides right-click access and utilities for touchscreen and pen customers...

onscreen and onscreen with crossscanner add assistive technology features and single-click control to the optimized keyboard solution for customers that need a virtual keyboard as their primary input tool...


img's assistive technology suite bundles all of img's assistive technology solutions into one easy to install and manage suite of software...

        img is dedicated to innovative ideas and turning those ideas into real-world solutions that provide value, increase productivity, and enhance technology.

please contact img if you are interested in oem, private label, or custom versions











what's new... in on-screen keyboard and virtual keyboard designer tools

[view / hide]





• my-t-soft for windows 1.90 release 6 - 64-bit version, automatic license options, online database of layouts, etc.
• my-t-soft basic 2.30 release 14 - 64-bit version, includes free edition and is part of the img personal license
• my-t-soft for linux 2.20 release 24 - 32-bit & 64-bit versions, faster graphics, online database of layouts, etc.
• my-t-soft® build-a-board 2.20 release 7 now available! run-time support for windows, android, linux, and mac os x!  integrates with build-a-board.com.  multiple license options, free license available.
• my-t-soft for android customizable layouts, online database of layouts, transparency, undocked boards.  see what you can do with android now!
• the my-t-soft® build-a-board how to video series is now available!  see the build-a-board videos or img's youtube channel.
• img assistive technlogy suite is now available for windows 11/10.  this includes all the assistive technology software, including joystick-to-mouse, smartclick, wordcomplete, the magnifier, onscreen, onscreen with crossscanner and also build-a-board for custom keyboard layouts.
• downloads use the img smart downloader to make downloading even easier!
• windows 11 is supported for all products.
• joystick-to-mouse 2.80 release 6 is now available. 
• the img personal license is available for $9.95 - individual license for joystick-to-mouse, my-t-soft basic, smartclick, touchright utilities, wordcomplete.
• all new releases can be installed and run on any usb drive! img's "insert and run anywhere" usb drive option means any img product can be run from any usb drive! software can run from any usb removable storage device (referred to as usb stick / thumb drive / jump drive / flash drive / etc.).



















build-a-board   
        





my-t-soft  |  
	my-t-soft basic  |  
        my-t-soft ce  |  
	my-t-soft for android  |  
	my-t-soft for linux  |  
        my-t-soft ts (terminal server)   
        





my-t-pen  |  
        my-t-touch  |  
        my-t-mouse   
        





touchright utilities  |  
        at accessibility suite  |  
	the magnifier  |  
	wordcomplete   
        




onscreen  |  
        onscreen with crossscanner  |  
        joystick-to-mouse  |  
        smartclick   
        





select your operating system and see what img products are available






img's blog - recorded keystrokes















as seen in ...



my-t-soft®, my-t-mouse®, my-t-pen® and my-t-touch®
are registered trademarks of innovation management group, inc.
copyright © 1996-2025 by innovation management group, inc. all rights reserved.




