















aei - continuing education courses for medical, legal & dental











 










     















      skip to main content
    




















american educational institute
accredited cme • cle • ce weekly in beautiful places since 1982







(800) 354-3507refer a colleagueregister now







register now





refer a colleaguecoursesmedical-dental-legal update (cme/cle/ce)dental update (ce)destinationsall destinationssun destinationsski destinationsfeatured region: californiafeatured region: caribbeanfeatured region: coloradofeatured region: floridafeatured region: hawaiifeatured region: south carolinapricingdiscountsrefer a colleaguediscounted ski passes & rentalsdiscounted lodgingaboutabout aeiabout aei’s destination-based, remote classroom formatfaqsprivacy policyterms & conditionstestimonialswatch the videocontact






standard
doctor, dentist, or attorney 
2024-25 courses (beginning 10/2024)  //  $780
discounted 
resident, rn, rnp, rdh, pa, office manager or active-duty military
2024-25 courses (beginning 10/2024)  //  $680
dental assistant
2024-25 courses (beginning 10/2024)  //  $580
spouse who is a doctor, dentist, or attorney
2024-25 courses (beginning 10/2024)  //  $580
all other spouses
2024-25 courses (beginning 10/2024)  //  $480
repeat the course free.
 
the state of hawaii is the only destination to charge an excise tax of 4.71% on your tuition. you will see this applied at checkout.
liberal cancellation policy: you may cancel at any time prior to attendance and receive a full tuition refund less a nominal administrative fee of $50. or, if you like, you may use your entire tuition amount as a credit toward a future registration.





































accredited cme, cle & ce


every week. every location. your choice.



51 premier travel destinations













accredited cme, cle & ce


every week. every location. your choice.



51 premier travel destinations





















how it works
watch the video 

 



choose a destination
attend from one of over 50 premier travel destinations during your week of choice. it's never been easier to mix business and pleasure!
all destinations


 



courses & schedules
select either the medical-dental-legal update or the dental update and decide whether you would like to attend monday-friday or thursday-monday (during scheduled classroom hours).
register now


 



attend from your hotel room
participate on your laptop during scheduled lecture hours with your peers—all from the comfort of your hotel room or condo.
tuition schedule


 



tax implications
tuition and associated expenses are tax deductible if the primary purpose of your trip is to maintain or improve professional skills.
find out more
















sun destinations
see all 






sun destinations 





arizona


scottsdale




california


lake tahoe


mammoth lakes


napa


palm springs


san fransico




canada


montreal, qc


toronto, on


vancouver, bc


whistler, bc




caribbean


aruba


bahamas, paradise island


grand cayman


puerto rico


punta cana


st. maarten


st. thomas


turks & caicos




central america


costa rica




colorado


aspen


steamboat springs


vail




florida


boca raton/boynton beach


islamorada, keys


naples/bonita beach


orlando


sandestin


sanibel island


south beach miami


st. petersburg




hawaii


honolulu (oahua)


koloa (kauai)


lahaina (maui) 


wailea (maui) 




mexico


cabo san lucus


cancun


puerto vallarta




montana


big sky




nevada


las vegas




new york


new york city




south carolina


hilton head island


kiawah island 


myrtle beach 




tennessee


nashville




utah


park city 




wyoming


jackson hole











ski destinations
see all 






ski destinations 





california


lake tahoe


mammoth lakes




canada


whistler, b.c.




colorado


aspen


beaver creek


breckenridge


keystone


snowmass


steamboat springs


telluride


vail




montana


big sky




utah


park city 




wyoming


jackson hole























accredited cme, cle & ce


where you want it, when you want it.



you practice in a dynamic and challenging environment and the need to keep professionally current on clinical as well as practice management and legal issues is obvious. the question is when? american educational institute has provided the answer since 1982. every year, we offer over 5,000 oppor­tunities to get the continuing education you want and the credits you need – away from the distractions and tumult of your practice. far away. like in hawaii, aspen, aruba or any of our over 50 other premier travel destinations.
there are two courses to choose from, the medical-dental-legal update and the dental update.  both are offered during weekly, m-f and th-m schedules, are uniquely curated, 20-hour surveys of a broad yet critical array of topics presented by national experts in dentistry, law, medicine, pharmacology, asset protection, psychology and practice management. they are produced in state-of-the-art studios using 4k digital technology and boast ama pra category 1™, aafp prescribed, abim moc, cle and ada cerp credit approval. 
participate during conveniently scheduled lecture hours in the travel destination of your choice and in the real-time and interactive company of other participants but instead of viewing the program in a designated physical classroom you may now do so on your laptop from the comfort of your hotel room.  this is truly the best of all worlds, important continuing education in relaxed environments requiring no additional time away from your practice.
critical cme, ce & cle – where you want to go and when you want to go there. that's been aei's hallmark since 1982. a dis­tinction validated by over 100,000 re­gistrations and the fact that over 98% of our students say that they'd recommend aei to their colleagues.
if you've never studied with us before this must all sound a bit unusual. it is.
aei at a glance - watch the video









in your colleagues' words


"no criticisms. was an excellent format. incredibly convenient"s.e, md, apache junction, az
"great quality presentations. would recommend it to others."e.v, md, merritt, b.c.
"the course is very informative"k.v, md, nacogdoches, tx
"thank you for having 3 lectures by dr. kuritzky. i think he is the most oustanding primary care lecturer i have ever heard and the main reason i come to the aei courses."j.b, md, cedar rapids, ia
"aei seminar set up was ideal! related environment was cohesive to learning"s.b, ashland, ky
"all lectures excellent"d.p, md, los angeles, ca
"interesting talks. my 1st experience w/ aei is a good one. i expect to be a repeat attendee."m.s, md, elliot lake, on
"good course. informative."r.m, dds, hammond, la
"great info relevant to any specialty!"d.l., md, ontario, canada
"overall lectures were clear and high quality"e.s, md, denver, co
"i enjoyed the course very much, attended all the sessions, and will encourage my friends to attend."j.g, md, belton, tx
"great program! very useful, practical information. include many topics that are not taught in medical school."s.k, md, hewlett, ny
"i enjoy the lectures! no changes"j.r, md, atlanta, ga
"i have been attending for the past 4 years and value this course"d.t, md, grosse pointe park, mi
"great coverage, very informative to­pics"s.b, ashland, ky
"great lecture. very relevant"e.r, md, cincinnati, oh
"excellent program – learned a lot!"a.h, md, morgantown, wv
"great program! excellent balance in the syllabus which contains material for all specialities."j.p, md, bundaberg south, qld
"great seminar!"d.k, dds, bristol, tn
"thanks for providing cme at great locations, year round. great presentations, practical, covering a wide range of topics."c.k, md, corpus christi, tx
"clinical papers, excellent, informative and up to date. pharmacology update invaluable."s.y, md, vancouver, bc
"excellent as always"a.s, md, sugarloaf, pa
"excellent instructor"r.b, md, lafayette, in
"course was great"s.d, dds, raleigh, nc
"great, informative course!"j.m, dds, reno, nv
"we have always enjoyed and learned a lot from these talks"k.v, md, nacogdoches, tx
"excellent course"s.g, md, larchmont, ny
"good pragram, excellent facilitator. i come back every year"c.e, md, lexington, ky
"i feel legal issues were well covered"d.s, md, avon, in
"the course is enlightening."k.m, brisbane city, qld
"i did enjoy the course."c.p, pac, shorewood, wi
"each year i learn something new to use in my practice"d.t, md, grosse pointe park, mi
"it was great!"j.c, pharmd, savannah, ga
"i have taken course many times and can't say enough about it."l.p, md, wilmington, nc
"great course"v.c, md, ocean springs, ms
"this is the best run cme program. i will come back next year."j.p, md, cincinatti, oh
"tremendou­sly helpful"e.b, md, greenville, sc
"my first time attending – i enjoyed the variety of topics"c.b., dds, saipan, mp
"it is soooo good to learn more stuff!"k.v, md, nacogdoches, tx
"very well organized, i'll recommend you to all my colleagues."r.s, dds, franklin, mi
"excellent. great slides not too busy"e.r, md, cincinnati, oh
"i enjoy the variety of the lectures"y.k, md, honolulu, hi
"this was an excellent course with timely information for my practice."b.n, jd, canton, oh
"excellent topics and speakers"j.g, md, marianna, fl

more testimonials






special offers
refer a friend, get $300
lift tickets - up to 30% off
repeat the course for free!












frequently asked questions


how exactly does the destination-based remote classroom format work?
aei’s new and unique destination-based, remote classroom format is designed to mimic the format and learning environment of a physical classroom. indeed, we sometimes call it “the classroom without the classroom”. similar to aei’s tradi­tional physical classrooms with aei’s destina­tion-based remote classrooms you will participate from the destination to which you’ve chosen to travel (within a 30 mile radius to be precise) during scheduled lecture hours. but, instead of viewing the course in the company of only those registered for the same destination that same week, you’ll now attend in the virtual and interactive company of everyone registered for all locations operating in the same time zone. this dramatically increases your opportunity for dialogue with other practitioners and, better still, lets you do so on your laptop or tablet from the safety and comfort of your hotel room or condominium.
while the traditional classroom model is quite good and has served us all very well, aei’s new destination-based virtual classroom model is even better offering total covid-safety, comfort, convenience and the opportunity for dialogue with many more colleagues from a variety of professional disciplines. now you understand why we keep saying, “the best way to mix business with pleasure just got better.”
more about aei's destination-based, remote classroom format
using the remote classroom format: a tutorial weight: 0
do i have to begin an aei course on a monday or thursday?

 



 


no.  whether you register for one of our monday-friday or thursday-monday courses you may begin any day during either 5-day schedule and carry over into its next occurrence if you like.  weight: 1
are aei courses accredited?
you can earn the continuing medical, dental, legal education credits you need while you hone your professional skills. american educational institute is an accme accredited sponsor and all courses are approved for ama pra category 1 credits as well as aafp prescribed credit. american educational institute is also a ada cerp recognized provider for cde credit. cle and ce credit is also available in many states.
cme + cle accreditation cde accreditation weight: 4
are aei's courses "live"?
aei’s continuing education courses are produced in state-of-the-art production studios using 4k technology. while the course itself is a professional, studio shoot, it is presented to our learners via our destination-based, remote classrooms which utilize a “live” classroom environment. it is not self-study. rather, registrants may attend an aei course only at travel destination at which aei offers a classroom, only during scheduled lecture hours and always under the supervision of aei staff. all learners participate in the virtual but interactive company of all other participants similarly registered for that same week to any classroom in the same time zone. finally, many learners have commented that aei’s pre-recorded format results in a superior educational experience to live activities in which they’ve participated. weight: 15





















accredited continuing education
every week in 50+ beautiful destinations
register today










75,000+
physicians, attorneys, & dentists educated
 




98%
say they'd recommend aei to their peers
 




$39
cost per credit hour... an incredible value!
 




2,000+
weekly presentations to choose from
 








© 2025 american educational institute - aei seminars: cme continuing medical legal dental education. all rights reserved. aei provides continuing medical, dental, and legal education conferences at vacation destinations. our cme, cde, and cle programs are fully accredited. made by monte. login.








































aafp prescribed credits & cfpc mainpro-m1 credits approved. cat. 1 credits accepted by: ancc & aapa



















