







home - city company seals ltd







































































    
      

we pay the customs, not you.
 just a quick note to remind our eu shoppers that we pay all customs fees at our end. so you won't find any hidden fees or extra charges when buying with us.best wishes.city company seals ltd
  
  
  
      

shipping will resume: jan 02 2025
 we will continue processing orders over the festive period and resume shipping in the new year on the 2nd of january.merry christmascity company seals ltd
  
  
       




    
    citycoseals.co.uk
  







menu







close






   view basket   














		
			

			company seals

		

		
	



		
			

			address seals

		

		
	



		
			

			birth certificate tools

		

		
	



		
			

			book embossers

		

		
	



		
			

			sheet music embossers

		

		
	



		
			

			reiki seals

		

		
	



		
			

			company registers

		

		
	



		
			

			brass wax seals

		

		
	



		
			

			sealing wax

		

		
	



		
			

			stamps & ink

		

		
	



		
			

			engraved brass signs

		

		
	



		
			

			notary ribbon

		

		
	



		
			

			legal wafers

		

		
	







 contact us
 our privacy policy
 returns & refunds
 terms & conditions
  







 
      

    
   company & notary seals
 address embossers
 birth certificate tools
 book embossers
 book stamps (ink)
 sheet music embossers
 reiki certificate seals
 exhibition embossing
 company registers
 brass wax seals
 sealing wax
 rubber stamps
 engraved signs
 notary ribbon
 legal wafers
 home
 about us
 full brochure
 location
 rubber stamp information
 delivery & returns
 terms & conditions
 our privacy policy

  
 
     
    
    
     
     
  

 we manufacture a wide range of company seals, brass and wax seals, as well as sealing wax, paper embossers and office stationary including notary and corporate embossers rubber stamps and a wide variety of signs.
 we manufacture a wide range of company seals, brass and wax seals, as well as sealing wax, paper embossers and office stationary including notary and corporate embossers rubber stamps and a wide variety of signs.


 buy a company seal

 buy foil wafers

 click here to see previous jobs we have produced.
 if you require any assistance or information please do not hesitate to call for friendly advice enquiries@citycoseals.co.ukcontact us:city company seals ltd (contact grant)unit 7 hodgson court, hodgson way, wickford, essex, ss11 8xrtel: 020 8986 6125 tel: 012 6864 6193 int'l tel: 0044 20 8986 6125 

environmental policy

 at city co seals, we’re committed to reducing our carbon footprint wherever possible. and accept responsibility for the environmental effects of our work. we comply with all relevant environmental legislation, regularly measure any impact and set targets for ongoing improvement.  we encourage the adoption of similar principles by our suppliers.the pet material we use to create our stamps is made from 100% recycled water bottles. this accounts for more than 77% of the stamp. we recycle all of our paper and embossing machines, either into packaging or to be re-used. 
  
  
  
   
 
 top sellerour products are 5-star reviewed on amazon.
  
 
 hand-held company seal 38mm

  

 


  
  about us

 trading since 1973, our goal is to treat people how we would like to be treated. to offer a quality product at a reasonable price and answer all queries and pricing within the hour (where applicable). we now have 50% of our retail work through 'word of mouth' which we hope shows the quality of our work and customer service.to learn more about us and to read testimonials, visit our about us page.
 more about us
   contact us

 city company seals ltd (contact grant)unit 7 hodgson court, hodgson way, wickford, essex, ss11 8xremail: enquiries@citycoseals.co.uktel: 020 8986 6125 tel: 012 6864 6193 
  


   © city company seals ltd 2024
 website by creative boost
     
  
  
    









