







home - home repair and improvement projects















































 








skip to content







menu








search




search for:




 



home improvement
home repair
contact
 



home repair guides and advice


we’ve got the know-how, the guides, and the advice to help you through your home repair projects. welcome to repair2000.com 


recent posts



are cleaning products safe for vinyl planks? (dos, don’ts)


did you recently get a new vinyl flooring installed of vinyl planks? you can easily ruin the beautiful appearance of your flooring and the hard work that has gone into it. so are cleaning products...view post 

















homemade drain cleaner without baking soda


cleaning your kitchen sink is a must every day. it keeps away any bad bacteria that could be harmful to you or your family. foodborne bacteria comes in an variety of forms that can make you sick....view post 

















craftsman vs. dewalt: which brand is better?


choosing the right tools is essential for you to be able to complete any given task. your own skills and ideas will only get you so far without the high-quality tools that you need to create the best...view post 















link to how to unclog a toilet without a plunger (the ultimate guide)


how to unclog a toilet without a plunger (the ultimate guide)


a clogged toilet is an instant day-ruiner, especially if you don't have the right tools on hand. when we're dealing with a toilet clog, the first thing we usually turn to is a plunger. but knowing...view post 















link to how to bring old hardwood floors back to life (shiny and new)


how to bring old hardwood floors back to life (shiny and new)


hardwood floors have been a trend that always seems to come back. in the 80s and 90s, they began to resurface, and we are seeing the interior design world begin to obsess over hardwood flooring once...view post 















link to how to fix squeaky floors (a step by step guide)


how to fix squeaky floors (a step by step guide)


if you've ever had to deal with old wooden floors, then squeaky floors probably drive you absolutely crazy. luckily, there are numerous different ways to fix a squeaky floor so that you can finally...view post 















link to what to do when you can’t afford home repairs


what to do when you can’t afford home repairs


home repairs are expensive. they can usually end up costing you hundreds per hour and thousands for the job. you'll be lucky if any insurance can cover the repairs. but what do you do if you can't...view post 















page 1
page 2
page 3
…
page 11
next »




about us we’re passionate about painting, home and appliance repair and more.






home
blog
contact
privacy policy
 
					© 2025 copyright home repair and improvement projects			









