
































































la crosse tribune | breaking news | | read the latest la crosse city and county news. get breaking news, events and information on wisconsin sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















6°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



wisconsin



minnesota



iowa



politics



business



agriculture



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share your story



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnist




sports


high school



college



outdoors



professional



betting




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



music



movies & tv



comics



games



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



faith



contests



play




celebrations


births



birthdays



engagements



weddings



anniversaries



submissions




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




our publications


courier



houston county news



westby times



the journal



vernon county times




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



i love a deal



wisconsin public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









6°
sunny














live








        
        
            election 2025 la crosse - live updates on local primary elections as returns come in




















        
        
            la crosse attempted homicide defendant dismissed another lawyer

an attempted homicide defendant in la crosse county has dismissed five court-appointed attorneys. 

















        
        
            onalaska home sustains damage after feb. 16 fire

a residential home in onalaska sustained significant damage after a sunday fire. 

















        
        
            inside latino bar, the la crosse bar under fire for serving minors

la crosse's latino bar & grill has accumulated hundreds of citations for underage drinking and false id use. dive into the "thirsty thursday" experience inside and the bar's attorney's response to the complaints filed against them.

















        
        
            viroqua man involved in single-vehicle crash on hwy. 14

a viroqua man was involved in a single-vehicle crash at 2 a.m. tuesday, feb. 18, on us highway 14, rural viroqua, in the town of viroqua 

















        
        
            minnesota passenger recounts ‘mass chaos,’ dangling upside down after delta crash in toronto

“mass chaos” is how one minnesotan aboard the delta flight from minneapolis to toronto described the immediate aftermath inside the jetliner that crash-landed monday afternoon. “i did notice the winds were super gusty,” 47-year-old john nelson, of bayport, told cnn in an on-air interview. “t…

















        
        
            wisconsin supreme court rules republican had no right to bring lawsuit challenging mobile voting

the lawsuit sought to ban the use of mobile voting vans in any future election in the presidential battleground state. 

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            inside latino bar, the la crosse bar under fire for serving minors


















        
        
            many area schools close or delay tuesday due to cold



















        
        
            la crosse neighbors: obituaries for february 18















                
                the latest



















        
        
            house fire in dakota, minn. tuesday feb. 18, 2025

fire department crews battle a fire on tuesday morning at 44894 dakota valley drive in dakota, minn. video by saskia hatvany. 




















        
        
            election 2025 la crosse - live updates on local primary elections as returns come in

here are the top electoral races to follow in the coulee region for the feb. 18 primary election. the la crosse tribune will have full coverage of these races and results tuesday night at www.lacrossetribune.com.





















        
        
            la crosse neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published today in la crosse tribune. 





















        
        
            february 17 recap: la crosse news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from la crosse tribune. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            house fire in dakota, minn. tuesday feb. 18, 2025




















        
        
            us authorities continuing investigation into passenger jet and army helicopter crash, ap explains




















        
        
            southwest airlines to cut 15% of corporate workforce amid struggles




















        
        
            new affordable housing and community spaces coming to highbridge












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            scenes from the midwest players classic at the la crosse center

scenes from the 15th annual midwest players classic basketball invite at the la crosse center featuring high school teams from all over wisconsin and minnesota. 




















        
        
            wisconsin men's basketball monitoring los angeles fires as west coast trip nears

the badgers have an upcoming trip to play at southern cal and ucla. here's what we know.




















        
        
            wisconsin men's basketball starting guard 'feeling better and better every day'

a senior guard was injured against rutgers and didn't play against minnesota. badgers coach greg gard provided an update on his status leading into tuesday's game against ohio state.




















        
        
            surging wisconsin men's basketball returns to ap top 25 rankings

the badgers have won five in a row, and voters in the associated press men's college basketball rankings have taken notice.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves. 





















        
        
            photos: notable deaths in 2025

here's a look back at the entertainers, leaders, athletes and other notable people we've said goodbye to so far in 2025. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            are ai relationships more stable than human ones in south dakota?

affiliate content. examine whether ai relationships are more stable than human ones in south dakota, exploring the dynamics of emotional consistency and connection.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.












partner








        
        
            from building glutes to shredding abs: the 4 hottest fitness trends for 2025

get healthy. here are four ways to build resistance, resilience and longevity into an exercise regimen that you’ll love.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            phillip m. steans, s.c.



                                        393 red cedar street, suite 6, menomonie, wi 54751
                                    






 website






























        
        
            keller williams - brent kimmerle



                                        752 e sarnia st, winona, mn 55987
                                    






 website






















        
        
            lovejoy realty inc / t. gerdes



                                        9542 state rd 16, onalaska, wi 54650
                                    














                
                print ads
                
            






















medical





        
        
            larson family hearing centers - ad from 2025-02-13
























medical





        
        
            larson family hearing centers - ad from 2025-02-15







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


advertise with us

buy & sell

real estate

jobs

classifieds

celebrations

shop local businesses

la crosse restaurants and dining guide

bike trail guide

contact us

work here

online features

get healthy




services


la crosse tribune

courier

houston county news

the journal

vernon county times

winona daily news

chippewa herald

dunn county news

river valley media group

become a carrier

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        la crosse tribune, 1407 st. andrew st., suite a100 la crosse, wi 54603
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































