







how to buy medical scrubs online



















































0








        skip to content
      
























        medical scrubs blog
      













                    blue sky scrubs
                  






open menu
close menu




























        medical scrubs blog
      













                    blue sky scrubs
                  






open menu
close menu
























                  medical scrubs blog
                






                blue sky scrubs
              



















how to buy medical scrubs online - a guide



as a health care worker, you not only take care of yourself, but also your family, friends, and patients too. indeed at any given time, you are likely balancing the wellbeing of several others, a noble (and time-consuming) task, to say the least.














all things considered, any conveniences are likely appreciated in your busy schedule. fortunately, shopping for scrubs can be quick, easy, and painless, making preparing for your work-week and stocking up on medical scrubs a breeze.and this isn’t popular for no apparent reason. right now, with all our busy schedules, long working hours, and the pandemic still ongoing, online shopping has saved us from the hassle of road traffic, and long lines in crowded storefronts. 



so how do you pick out the perfect scrubs without trying them on first? granted, most of us are familiar with online shopping at this point, but there are some tips that can make your online scrub shopping easier and more successful than ever. let’s take a look ↓
































































































































































































know your medical scrubs size and measurement detailsit’s important to get the right fit. when looking for scrubs online, it is essential to know which size best fits you. to do that, you must know your measurements. always check each brand’s sizing chart to get a clearer idea of what will work for you and your body. you should also keep in mind that each brand may have a different measuring guide.to guide you find the right size, here’s a scrubs  measuring guide:

 











waistmeasure around your natural waistline, keeping the tape comfortably loose.













hipsstand with your heels together and measure around the fullest part of your hips.













chestwrap the tape around the fullest part of your chest or bust, including your shoulder blades, then drop your arms to your sides to measure.

 











inseamto measure your inseam start from your inner thigh down to your ankle. please note that our scrub pants have a relaxed fit so they will hang a little low (similar to pajamas). the inseam will not begin at the top of your inner thigh like a pair of jeans. our best recommendation is to use our waist-to-foot measurement when trying to access the desired length you need.













waist to foot measure from your natural waistline down to your ankle.













risethe rise measurement is from your natural waistline to your inner thigh.

  











ankle the ankle measurements on our sizing chart are from hem to hem, not circumference.













bonus tip checking online reviews will always be helpful to know if the scrubs are true to their size. 

  








































































































































































































choose your medical scrubs style
browsing through their online catalog to check what's available will help you with your buying decisions. however, knowing what you exactly want and prefer in your scrub is a greater advantage. knowing which color and patterns work best for you, will make your online shopping for scrubs so much easier. note that different brands may vary in shades of the “same” color, some may also be due to lightning. furthermore,  you must always check the description for each item that you like, in this way you have complete details of what you’ll be getting. lastly, checking online reviews with user-submitted photos will help you choose as well.



  











check for medical scrubs materials and functions
one of the advantages of online shopping is having distinct materials and intended functions carefully listed on the description box. specific details like fabrics, zippers, and pockets can help you carefully choose which garment will work best for you. these details along with details on their special design features are usually written in the description.
























  











choose a reliable brand of medical scrubsone of the fears in ordering online is you don’t know what will arrive at your doorstep. perhaps you’ve previously ordered from overseas (or wish.com) to save a few bucks, and gotten an unpleasant surprise at your doorstep some weeks later. ensuring you get the right scrubs means ordering from a reliable brand with a proven reputation. a well-known brand will have a collection of their top selections and quality scrubs. a reliable brand also lists down all necessary information and specific details about the scrubs they offer. if it’s your first time ordering scrubs online, and if you aren’t confident in your online shopping skills yet, you will want to order from a brand that offers free returns as well. this way, you won’t have any trouble returning an item if it doesn’t end up working out. with all of the choices out there, there’s no need to get stuck with boring scrubs or ones that simply aren’t comfortable. instead, you can choose the type of scrubs that work best for you and then choose from designs that match your unique personality.














blue sky scrubsat blue sky scrubs, we have been creating awesome scrubs for over 15 years. blue sky is 100% fair trade and authentically made, and there is nothing we love more than supporting medical professionals. 

 



































because nothing but the best is acceptable for our medical professionals, we offer a 100% money-back guarantee on all of our products. if, for any reason, our products didn’t meet your expectations, we will exchange or issue a refund within 30 days of your original purchase date.



if you’re ready to start wearing hand-made, ultra-comfy scrubs designed exclusively for you, check out the shop and find the best scrubs available, just for you. lots has changed over the years with scrubs. 














visit blue sky scrubsshop for modern scrubwear for men and women.




    blue sky scrubs
  

















@2022 blue sky scrubs










