


c&o family chess center home page













    
c&o fcc home 










 c&o fcc home 



 

links, etc. 



membership





online/school programs





summer programs


 

private instruction



 students i



students ii



lfm club



events



       




register  
		  here
for all classes

 
learn to play
		  this is our c&o practice web site.basic rules, piece names and moves,as well as otherbasics for new, ornovice, players arecovered on this free,inter-active site fromchess.com

 
"chess basics..."download
"pdf" file (.pdf)a 34 page introductionto the rules, moves, andbasic strategies of chess.
		    u.s. chess federation(uscf)www.uschess.org
the official sanctioning body for "over the board" tournament play in the us. with over 90,000 members, uscf offers something for every player, from beginnerto grandmaster! 
		  in addition to rating tournaments, the uscf supports and promotes chess activities throughout the us and publishes chess life, the monthly national magazine for members  ...and much more.md chessassociation(mca)www.mdchess.com
the state affiliate of the uscf.    mca sponsors maryland chess tournaments (including the maryland open, the maryland junior and senior championships, the maryland scholastic and team championships, etc.).  it maintains a directory of maryland chess clubs and teachers, and a calendar of upcoming tournaments and other events ...and more.
		   
		     



 

 








the c&o family chess center
"when the student is ready... the teacher will appear!"


 
				  senior coach omar pancoast teaching at peaberrys coffee house                                                      october, 2000          anon.   c&o family chess center
				  b. ross pancoast, director 
				  omar pancoast iii, senior chess coach 
				  carolyn b. pancoast, senior staff217 west diamond avenue gaithersburg, md 20877-2106phone 301-963-9122  


				  redross26chess@gmail.com

				  opancoast3@gmail.com

who we are! 


the c&o family chess center is a u.s.chess federation (uscf) scholastic affiliate. the uscf is the official sanctioning body for "over the board" tournament play in the u.s.  with over 80,000 members, the uscf offers something for every player, from beginner to grandmaster!  in addition to rating tournaments, the uscf supports and promotes chess activities throughout the u.s. and publishes chess life, the monthly national magazine for members.  ...and much more.  for more details link to their official website (on the left).the c&o family chess center began in 1990 as part of the c&o family learning center, a gaithersburg based, family run business which provided early childhood and pre-school education, tutoring, and chess instruction to area families for 
				  over 30 years.  in addition to individual and group chess instruction for all ages, we currently offer scholastic and summer-chess programs to public and private schools, as well as home-school families.  c&o family chess center 
				  was also the sponsor of the chess club at lakeforest mall, (now 
				  defunct 
				  due to the mall closure) which provided a meeting place for chess players seven-days-a-week 
				  and was home to our "saturday morning chess club" (smcc).   for a list of current scholastic 
				  zoom programs  see our "online/school 
				  programs" page.       
 

due to the  
				  government mandated school shut-downs of 2020 and '21, we have greatly expanded our online presence and 
				  added new 
online school programs.


 coach ross                                                                                                                                                                                   c&o-fcc
				  ross pancoast, director



				  redross26chess@gmail.com


				      
				  coach ross has had many years experience working with children 
				  and coaching chess.  he has a degree in psychology and worked for the montgomery child care association for five years.  he began playing chess in the 3rd grade. he joined us in 2004 teaching beginners in our 
				  
summer chess programs.  since then he has been the chess coach in a number of 
				  elementary schools, including 
				  college gardens, sherwood, spark matsunaga, rachel carson, ronald mcnair, 
				  and others.  
				  
     
				  
				  he took over as director of the chess center in january of 
				  2019, when his father, coach omar, retired from the full time position.  as a professional level disc golfer, and avid outdoorsman ross also directs the afternoon (games 
				  and outdoor adventure) portion of  our summer programs.  


				  he has two children of his own.



    coach omar                                                                                                                                                                                   c&o-fcc 

				  omar pancoast, senior coach

opancoast3@gmail.com
     coach 
				  omar  is a 
				  
uscf life member, former "certified uscf chess coach" and 
				  former tournament director.  he is still a part-time, professional, chess teacher with 
				  more than 50 years of experience.  he recently retired from the 
				  full-time director's position to spend more time working with 
				  individual private students. 

     he was formerly a vice-president of the 
				  maryland chess association (mca) and was the chess director and co-founder (with john goon) of the montgomery chess & go assn. (mcga) which promoted both chess and "go."  he specializes in teaching chess to beginners and intermediate players, regardless of age.  he also coaches adults who "used to play" and want to get back into it ("it's never too late to have a happy childhood!" ).  he provides challenging and fun 
				  
private instruction to individuals and 
				  small groups, both online and 
				  at the chess center.  he also helps conduct our
				  

summer chess programs. 
				  his former students include several national masters and an international master.
     he is 
				  the principal developer and author of the chess center's study 
				  materials and curriculum.  
 most recently he has organized a 
				  "c&o online" component for all our members 
				  on the

chess.com website. his username on 
				  chess.com is

coachomar.

carolyn pancoast                                                                                                                                                                         c&o-fcccarolyn b. pancoast, 
				  senior staff
     mrs. pancoast is a thirty year veteran of early childhood development and education.  she is the founder and director of c&o family learning center and 
				  was formerly the program director for the c&o family chess center. in this capacity she 
				  helped coordinate 
				  
scholastic and 
				  

summer chess programs. she 
				  has also assisted at past center sponsored chess tournaments and other events.  she is often the first contact that 
				  parents of new players have with the center.



daniel o'connor, associate 
				  coach  
				        coach danny, a gaithersburg native, has 
				  been with c&o since he was in elementary school and was coach 
				  ross's student from kindergarten, on.  he became a leader 
				  at the quinch orchard h.s. chess club and then he assisted 
				  coach ross in several of the center's scholastic clubs and 
				  summer programs, 
and continues with us part 
				  time.  his chess.com username is 

123yesorno.

				   

     

				  last update 12/23/24
				        
					   








 








