






salesian high school































 














menu















{"text":"welcome to salesian high school • home of the eagles • br. jim wiegand/john p. flaherty fund• congratulations incoming class of 2029 - acceptance letters are out!•","delay":"18"}





translate












close







+about»about our school»mission & vision+admissions»admissions at salesian»spring open house»eagle for a day»adny scholarships»apply»finances»the kevin punter jr. scholarship+academics»academics at salesian»academic departments»college acceptance»college counseling»courses»course catalog»guidance»learning needs program»honors program»saturday academy»special programs»summer assignments+athletics»athletics at salesian»fall sports»winter sports»spring sports+alumni»alumni of salesian»alumni events»support salesian high school»president's dinner journal»50th reunion»transcript request»update your info+students»students of salesian»bell schedule»clubs and activities»food menu»honor roll»salesian spectator»student handbook»yearly planner»youth ministry+parents»parents of salesian»calendar»resources & forms»principal’s newsletter»transportation»useful links+staff»faculty & staff»board of trustees»careers+contact»contact us»directions
























skip to content
skip to menu















 to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video













facts login
google login
lunch card
store
donate








upcoming events









events



feb
16





								valdocco retreat
								






feb
17





								winter break
								






feb
18





								winter break
								






feb
19





								winter break
								






feb
20





								winter break
								






feb
21





								winter break
								






feb
22





								winter break
								






feb
23





								winter break
								






feb
24





								classes resume
								





								day 6
								





show calendar
show all





show calendar
show all








news &
            announcements

 news and announcements 





salesian spirit week celebrates don bosco's...







junior julien wiggins scores his 1,000 poin...







senior michael hernandez receives george le...







2025 young alumni panel 





 show all 








featured media





video highlights




a quick student tour of salesian high school









please enable javascript when viewing video pages.












photo album




our school at a glance













where education is a matter of the heart
steeped in the catholic faith and educational tradition of st. john bosco, salesian high school is a home, a school, a parish and a playground. our diverse community of young men preparing for college and meaningful careers are encouraged to become men of character, leadership and service in a global society. we foster life-long friendships in a welcoming family environment that stresses a rigorous curriculum, creative arts, strong athletics and service to others.


get social













salesian is...





a home
that welcomes


a school
that prepares for life








a parish
where christian values shape character


a playground
where lasting friendships are formed







college acceptances
























































































            148 e. main street new rochelle, ny 10801
          



             (914) 632-0248 
           
info@salesianhigh.org





home
about
admissions
academics
athletics


alumni
students
parents
staff
contact



salesian high school is proud to be a part of the catholic schools of the archdiocese of new york.


 




















×
congratulations incoming class of 2029 - acceptance letters are out!



welcome to salesian high school, and congratulations to the rising freshmen making up the class of '29.  we are excited to have a wonderful group of 8th-grade students embark upon the high school experience with us! click on the image below to register the acceptance form. 











sunday, february 16, 2025







