








college of community innovation and education


















































































skip to main content















						college of community innovation and education					




about

about usstaff directoryannual magazine
academics

degree programsdepartments & schoolsacademic success coachinggraduate affairsstudent researchscholarshipsstudy abroad
faculty & research

researchfaculty directory
news

newsroomevents
alumnigive 















college of community innovationand education


university of central florida








jump to page content











	partnering with purpose to transform lives


at the college of community innovation and education, you will gain the knowledge, experience and confidence needed to positively change our world. through our nationally ranked academic programs, high-impact research and prominent public and private partnerships, you will have the opportunity to participate in first-hand experiences with communities, creating innovative solutions to complex social issues.
ucf is one of the nation’s most innovative universities, which is why we provide several learning options for our students. you can attend classes in person either at ucf's main campus or at ucf downtown. both campuses offer access to a wide range of internships, opportunities, and networks in orlando. alternatively, you can choose to learn online, with digital learning resources and support to help you stay engaged and achieve success.
whether you aspire to work in criminal justice, education, global health management and informatics, legal studies or public administration, our award-winning faculty and staff will help you unleash your potential and achieve your goals. explore the possibilities at the college of community innovation and education — where education transcends boundaries and transforms lives.



	scholarship applications for the 2025-26 academic year are now open


with scholarship opportunities, the possibilities are endless. learn more about how to apply and find hundreds of scholarships right at your fingertips — including those only available to ccie students.
deadline: march 16, 2025



apply through the a2o portal


top-ranked graduate programs



the u.s. news & world report ranked several of the ucf college of community innovation and education's graduate programs among the top 50 in the nation.


















see more rankings


academics
degrees, minors and certificates
academic success coaching
graduate affairs
scholarships
interdisciplinary research
disability, aging and technology cluster
learning sciences cluster
resilient, intelligent and sustainable energy systems center
ucf coastal: national center for integrated coastal research



departments
department of counselor education & school psychology
department of criminal justice
department of educational leadership & higher education
department of learning sciences & educational research
department of legal studies
schools
school of global health management and informatics
school of public administration
school of teacher education



centers and institutes
center for community schools
center for decision support systems and informatics
center for public and nonprofit management
center for research in education simulation technology
center for social and civic prosperity
community counseling and research center
florida center for students with unique abilities
morgridge international reading center
program evaluation and educational research group
toni jennings exceptional education institute
ucf marriage and family research institute



in the news











couples, families and intimate relationships course teaches students how to build strong connections
counselor education
although designed as a mental health services course, anyone can benefit from its valuable lessons on creating and maintaining meaningful...













los angeles wildfires show firefighting and public communication challenges
public administration
amid the los angeles wildfires, ucf alumni discuss their research and experience in dealing with wildfires from firefighting to crisis...













fbi special agent sarah halleran ’06ms shares highs, lows about life with elite team
criminal justice
sarah halleran ’06 m.s. and her husband live in coral springs, close enough to the local high school to hear...










featured story





excellence in digital learning recognized: ucf’s online programs rank top 10 in nation once again
ucf’s strategic use of technology and faculty-led, innovative online programs continue to drive student success ...







check out more stories 




upcoming events

 
events 



feb 19
12:00 pm




						ccie virtual research circle					


					the ccie virtual bi-weekly research circles includes presentations and conversations from ucf’s college of community innovation and education (ccie) faculty, as well as faculty from other colleges at ucf with a focus on collaborative, innovative, interdisciplinary, community-based research initiatives. presentations…				





looking ahead
 
upcoming events 



feb 27
6:00 pm




						why disciplinary literacy matters for elevating teaching and learning today					





feb 28
5:30 pm




						mentor pods general body meeting					





mar 4
12:00 pm




						ucf executive master of health administration info session					






see all events
 







college of community innovation and education





location



physical address
12494 university blvd., orlando, fl 32816
mailing address
p.o. box 161250, orlando, fl 32816
phone: 407-823-2835












college of community
innovation and education


	university of central florida
12494 university blvd.
orlando, fl 32816

dean's office: ed 308
phone: 407-823-2835


quick links
departments & schools
faculty directory
staff directory
academic success coaching
graduate affairs
give online

let's get social





















 
