



 



residential landscape design & lighting in newtown square, pa from robert j. kleinberg landscape design
















































 















phone: 610-325-2313  cell: 484-225-0614



:hover



      













menumenuhomeservices »





landscaping »

landscape designflowering treesshrubsperennialsseasonal plantsdeer resistant plantsbed construction 
landscape lighting

landscape lightinglighting gallery 
 


hardscaping »

patios »

flagstone patiospaver patiosbrick patiospatio & walk constructionpaver patio colors 
walks »

bluestone & flagstone walkspaver walksbrick walks 
steps & landings »

bluestone & flagstone stepssegmental retaining wall stonebrick stepstie stepsstep construction 
ponds & water featurespaver drivewayspermeable pavingcobblestones & edgingwalls »

stone wallssegmental retaining wallstie wallswall construction 
 
 
 

about usblogcontact us






menumenuhomeservices »





landscaping »

landscape designflowering treesshrubsperennialsseasonal plantsdeer resistant plantsbed construction 
landscape lighting

landscape lightinglighting gallery 
 


hardscaping »

patios »

flagstone patiospaver patiosbrick patiospatio & walk constructionpaver patio colors 
walks »

bluestone & flagstone walkspaver walksbrick walks 
steps & landings »

bluestone & flagstone stepssegmental retaining wall stonebrick stepstie stepsstep construction 
ponds & water featurespaver drivewayspermeable pavingcobblestones & edgingwalls »

stone wallssegmental retaining wallstie wallswall construction 
 
 
 

about usblogcontact us 






















landscape lighting


learn more aboutlandscape lighting here
or view beautifully finished projects in the gallery below.


view gallery












making your yard a joy to come home to!













lightingwe are now designing and installing low voltage led landscape lighting to highlight plantings and architectural features of your home.
more info
landscapingwe offer landscape design and installation, patios and gardens since 1986; including new plantings, or renovations of old landscapes.
more info
hardscapingconstructing small to medium patios, walks, permeable paving, driveways, walls, steps & landings, landscape lighting and ponds since 1986
more info
christmas treesselling christmas trees in lansdowne, delaware county, and the philadelphia area for over 40 years. well lit lot with lots of parking.
more info












newton square, pa landscape design & construction


robert j. kleinberg, landscape design & construction has been designing landscape lighting, patios and gardens as a landscape and hardscaping contractor since 1986. – newtown square, pa
i also have a portfolio of my past lighting jobs on this site.  click here
see my business profile from newtown square friends & neighbors magazine at www.newtownsquaremag.com/businessprofile/rjk.
working in philadelphia, delaware county (newtown square, havertown, marple, broomall, drexel hill, lansdowne, springfield, swarthmore, ridley, media, upper darby, middletown, radnor, lima), chester county (edgemont, paoli, goshen, tredyffrin, westtown, willistown, berwyn, malvern, west chester), montgomery county and the main line (lower merion, bala cynwyd, ardmore, narberth, bryn mawr, villanova, wayne, devon, gladwyne, wynnewood) pa.
specializing in low voltage led landscape lighting, we can make your house and all the beautiful things that we plant in your landscape look good for hours longer every day, so you get more for your hard earned dollars. we offer residential landscape design including the installation of new plantings or renovations of old landscapes. we install trees, shrubs, seasonal plantings of annuals and perennials from a front entrance, to a small backyard, or your entire property. we also offer a large selection of other hardscaping services including ponds, and water features – that look great with lights – patios, walks (walkways), made of flagstone & bluestone, e.p. henry and other brands of interlocking concrete pavers, paver driveways including permeable paving, steps & landings, and walls brick, and ties.
we specialize in jobs that fit what we can do. we know our limits; some jobs are too big, and some jobs are too small.

landscaping:
here is a list of some of the services that we offer with links to examples of the plants we use and our work.
residential landscape design including installation of new plantings, or renovations of old landscapes  from a front entrance, to a small backyard, or your entire property,

we install:(click on the links below to see examples of plants that we like to use)
trees
shrubs and bushes
perennials
seasonal plantings of bulbs & annuals
you can also find examples of deer resistant plants we like to use including a blog post about deer resistant perennials
plus other desirable additions to the landscape such as ponds and water features, low voltage landscape lighting.


hardscaping:

i also offer a large selection of other hardscaping services including:
now specializing in low voltage led landscape lighting, so i can make your house and all the beautiful things that i plant in your landscape look good for hours longer every day, so you get more for your hard earned dollars.
ponds, and water features – that look great with lights.
patios  made of flagstone & bluestone, e.p. henry and other brands of interlocking concrete pavers, and brick,
walks (walkways) also made of flagstone & bluestone, e.p. henry and other brands of interlocking concrete pavers, and brick
paver driveways, including those made of permeable paving
steps & landings, made of bricks and flagstone, sometimes with  segmental retaining wall risers, and sometimes with tie risers
walls  including man-made segmental retaining wall stones, natural stone, and ties walls
edging and borders constructed with river rock, cobblestones – real and man-made- or many different types of brick or pavers.


night lighting for safety and to highlight some of the best views and to allow you to enjoy your property later into the night.
i also have a portfolio of my nicer past lighting jobs on this site.  bob kleinberg 2021 – ed cunicelli photographer inc (smugmug.com)







				front entrance with lights newtown square, pa
				





plantings to help bring color and beauty to your yard most months of the year.






				summer color
				




				spring color
				


ponds, waterfalls, fountains and other water features to give you a reason to go outside.






				pond, patio and wall
				




				after pre-cast fountain with landscaping:
				


construction of patios and walks to help you enjoy your yard.






				autumn blend brickstone walk with 4-inch pewter blend brickstone border.
				




				close-up of bluestone patio:

				




				after flagstone walk and landscaping
				




				after from the front:
				


construction of walls,and steps and landings for beauty and utility – to make your yard more usable, and give you better drainage.






				after: tie wall and steps
				




				after tumbled flagstone from front:
				




				finished steps and landing
				




				knee wall and piers
				










illuminate your lawn
discover the wonders of adding the perfect illumination to your home's lawnlighting portfolio









email robert j. kleinberg












first & last name*

email*

address



zip / postal code


phoneservices needed or questionwould you like to receive emails from us in the future?*


no



yes
emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ


























we look forward to working with you






copyright © 2017 robert j. kleinberg landscape design
114 ashley rd. newtown square, pa 19073
phone: 610-325-2313 cell: 484-225-0614
pa hic license #: pa29966
sitemap
 







© 2025 robert j. kleinberg landscape design | sitemap | privacy policy

		
		 | 


























 
