





jewelry from dream gold and award winning designer r. jeffrey dunnington..







jewelry from dream gold. your personal on-line jeweler .





jewelry catalog


custom jewelry gallery 

cad-cam jewelry
			from www.3dwaxmill.com

fire fighter &
			ems jewelry.
sterling silver

motorsports jewelry


the web surfer charms
                 
the evotag for
			harley riders.
map & phone number
			to our retail location.
links
e-mail






"dream gold " began doing business on the world wide web in november of 1997 to promote specialty items like our web surfer charm, the evotag, and our fire fighter / ems ring and pendants.

						with the great success of these items and the countless requests for a broader selection of jewelry, we now present you with the most comprehensive online jewelry catalog on the internet.

						please visit our custom jewelry gallery where you will find "wearable art" by award winning designer r. jeffrey dunnington. jeffrey has been designing and creating jewelry for 30 years and has won numerous national and state design awards





			in our jewelry catalog we offer the largest selection of jewelry available on the internet. there are over 300 categories with more than 40,000 items to choose from including charms, chains, bracelets, necklaces, earrings, lockets, diamonds, bridal sets, 18k, platinum, watches, sterling silver and gift items as well.

			
			                           
we ship federal express standard overnight delivery on all in stock 14 karat & 18 karat gold, platinum, sterling silver, diamond and gemstone jewelry. place your order by 4:00 p.m. est and have it the next day. there is a 30 day satisfaction guarantee policy and all items arrive in an elegant gift box. we also offer certified diamonds online.
  concerned about security? our site uses the highest level ssl (secure socket layers)
			technology to provide the security for your transactions to insure safe and private transmission of your information.







complete jewelry cad-cam system for $5100
click here for more information
               









 all rights reserved copyright © 1997-2012 dream gold fine jewelry
web design by r.jeffrey dunnington

 

jewelry | fire fighter & ems jewelry. | web surfer charm | custom jewelry | moissanite | platinum jewelry | evotag |motorsports jewelry | links


