






fath's big woods resort | one of the north's finest resorts!
























 










rates
amenities
videos
resort map
location map
links
 


select page


  
 
 























































welcome to big woods resort, a family owned and operated resort for over 50 years providing the finest in wisconsin lodging accommodations for an enjoyable northern wisconsin vacation. big woods is located on the west shore of big st. germain lake. all of our homes have a beautiful view of the lake, which offers you a great way to start your day with a gorgeous northwoods sunrise. we also enjoy some of the calmest water on the lake which is great for a day of water fun or fishing.

 big woods is open year around. all four seasons offer an abundance of things to do.
come stay in spring for some great fishing.
during summer you can enjoy swimming, cookouts, campfires, volleyball games, and all around family fun.
fall offers one of the most relaxing times to visit with the trees turning brilliant shades of colors, many craft shows to wander through, and pumpkins and scarecrows to brighten your stay.
for the winter the bo-boen snowmobile trails are right out your door providing wonderful snowmobiling vacation opportunities. cross-country skiing, snowshoeing, and downhill ski hills are also just a short drive away.
the new st. germain bike trail is now completed and it is just outside your door and you could ride or walk all the way to boulder junction and beyond.
for the golf enthusiast is the beautiful st. germain golf course. located a 1/2 mile down the road, this course is fun and challenging for all levels of players.

let us provide you with a clean, homey cottage, so all you have to worry about is how soon you can come see us again.






special features at fath’s big woods resort

big, open, level lawn area (great for family games, cookouts)
all cottages have beautiful views of big st. germain lake – a spectacular 1600-acre lake – the finest in muskie, walleye, northern, bass and panfish are found here.
lake content and fawn lake are also accessible from big st. germain lake.
bo-boen snowmobile trails at your door.

fath’s big woods resort is centrally located

razorback ridges cross country ski trails nearby
five golf courses in the area
excellent supper clubs nearby
grocery store and shopping nearby
tennis nearby
miles of blacktopped bike and hike trails right out your door.




current openings

our summer letters have been sent and as our deposits come in we will be posting our openings for 2025.
 check back often as openings will change.
go to our rates page to see availability for each cottage
we have also added a 3rd pontoon to our fleet. reserve now for the summer.
 openings for summer 2025:  
 
may 31-june 07: whippoorwill, norway,           
                                        chickadee, eagle
june 07-14: oriole, 
june 14-21: whippoorwill, oriole
june 21-28: robin
june 28-july 05: fireside
july 05-12: lakeview
july 12-19: chickadee
august 09-16: oriole, chickadee
 
 thank you
jamie and sue

fath’s big woods resort1640 highway c, st. germain, wisconsin 54558(715) 542-3865 ~ vacation@fathsbigwoodsresort.comjamie & sue fath
st. germain chamber of commerce ~ northwoods wisconsin



 











facebook



designed by interpace | © copyright faths big woods resort
 

 
 
 


















