

dennis kunkel - stock microscopy images



























dennis kunkel
stock microscopy images



now exclusively available on
science photo library

discover more







we are proud to announce
the acquisition of
dennis kunkel’s
compelling microscopy collection








							dennis kunkel
						

dennis kunkel is one of the world’s most prominent microscopists, who has devoted more
						than 40 years of his life to exploring the extraordinary microworld invisible to the naked eye.
dr. kunkel’s award-winning images appear worldwide in print, film and digital media such as time magazine, scientific american, the new york times, life and national geographic.
he has made significant contributions in the fields of microbiology, neurobiology and botany and authored or co-authored 59 research papers in scientific journals.
dennis kunkel continues to offer:

assignment photography with related image licensing or buyout
microscopy services
consultation

contact dr. dennis kunkel






							science photo library
						

science photo library (spl)â is the world’s leading source of science and medicine images and video. supplied by acclaimed photographers, renowned institutions, scientific and medical experts our content is unrivalled worldwide.
we always strive to expand our carefully curated collection making extraordinary and hard to access scientific images available globally. outstanding quality, accuracy and commitment to excellence are deeply embedded in the company’s dna.
dennis kunkel’s valuable addition of nearly 23,000 images significantly enriches our microscopy collection and strengthens our position as the central source of the most comprehensive and wonderfully authentic science and medicine images worldwide.
a collection of more than 5000 carefully selected images is exclusively available at spl’s website for immediate download and purchase.â 
start your search


































































							register on our website
						

search
download
purchase

click & register







medical



bacteria



protozoa



algae



arachnid



everyday objects



fungi



insects



invertebrates



vertebrate



plants



viruses



explore the collection





© 2024 science photo library ltd. 87 lancaster road, london, w11 1qq, united kingdom. registered in england and wales no. 1550520. vat no. gb 340 7410 88






