


















regis college | graduate, undergraduate, online












    skip to main content
  

due to inclement weather, the weston campus will have adjusted operations on sunday, february 16. for more information, visit regiscollege.edu/weather.regis preview day and reception – exclusively for admitted students – feb. 22

















search











menu







main navigation


​academics


majors and programs


academic catalog


schools


fast track programs


special programs


intersession classes


global experiences


internships and career development


library


registrar and academic records


​academic support and advising


​lifelong learning at regis (llarc)


accreditation and state regulatory authorizations


professional licensure disclosures




admission and aid


undergraduate admission


graduate admission


online programs


professional studies programs


regis north in lawrence


international admission


bachelor's degree completion


center for veteran and military family services


strategic partnerships


apply to regis


prerequisite academy


rise at regis




regis life


student affairs


graduate affairs


student engagement


residence life


health and wellness


accessibility services


dining services


life on campus


ministry and service


parent and family programs


new student welcome


student services




about regis


regis at a glance


leadership


​administrative offices


communications


news


blog


find us


public safety and resources


inclusive excellence


children's center


fine arts center


regis dental center


event planning and facility rentals


availability of employees for information dissemination






utility


athletics


alumni


giving


calendar


myregis























 
 
 
building character, confidence, and careers.



learn more.









100% nclex pass rate

congratulations to our undergraduate, accelerated bachelors (both 16 and 24 month), and direct entry masters students who all passed the nursing licensure exam!



explore our nursing programs









building character, confidence, and careers

regis believes in educating the whole person. from student to alum, regis is focused on building character, instilling confidence, and preparing students for careers.



explore all that regis has to offer














rigorous academics. impressive outcomes.

with a foundation in the liberal arts and professional studies certificates, regis will challenge, inspire and support you during your academic journey.



how will regis transform you?











visit regisvirtual tourrequest informationapply





request information
schedule a visit
apply













 



primary tabs
 view
si prepublish
si recheck




explore all that regis has to offerwe offer exceptional undergraduate, graduate, doctoral, degree completion (adult learners) degrees and certificates and professional studies certificates to a diverse and dynamic student body via on-campus, hybrid, and online modalities.




undergraduate majors and programs bachelor's degree completion professional and graduate certificates graduate and doctoral degrees






 
why regis?
  


 

 

2,700+
undergraduate, graduate and doctoral students
  


 

100%
of students participate in internship or clinical
  


 

97%
of students employed full-time or enrolled in graduate school within six months of graduation (five-year average)
  



 

 

best
top 50 regional university in the north (u.s. news and world report)
  


 

1 of 5
institutions in ma to receive the 2022 higher education excellence in diversity award
  


 

best
northeastern colleges (princeton review)
  



 
meet our students
  


 
 


felicia watson, ba in biology ’24
  
felicia watson’s favorite saying is, "never stop when you are tired. stop when you are done." she sees finishing her biology degree at regis not as an end goal, but rather a gateway to achieving additional career goals. "my plan after getting my biology degree is to get my master's degree in research because taking lab operation management courses at regis has made me interested in working in a lab and i really enjoy doing it," said watson.

read more about felicia




 
latest news








regis college nursing programs nationally ranked by u.s. news & world report 


u.s. news & world report has again recognized the academic excellence of the university’s nursing programs.












regis college’s online nursing school master's programs named to the princeton review’s best list for 2025 


the princeton review has named regis college to its 2025 list of best online nursing school master’s programs.












regis college’s master of science in nursing (msn) program ranked #1 in massachusetts for 2025


registerednursing.org, a leading nursing advocacy organization, has ranked the regis master of science in nursing (msn) program #1 in massachusetts.








 


upcoming events


february 17 2025intramural floor hockeytime: 7 p.m.join the center for student engagement for intramural floor hockey.


february 18 2025black history month: african student association - fundraising tablingtime: noonjoin the african student association for their fundraising tabling


february 18 2025basketball doubleheader - regis hosts colby-sawyer collegetime: 5 p.m.the regis basketball teams host colby-sawyer college in a doubleheader.





 


the mission of regis collegerooted in the catholic intellectual tradition and inspired by the social justice values of our founders, the sisters of st. joseph of boston, regis college is a welcoming and inclusive community. we are called to provide access to an academically rigorous education through innovative learning opportunities and collaborative engagement at all degree levels. we educate the whole person, preparing our students to pursue excellence, to become change agents in their own communities, and to serve and lead as advocates for a more just and compassionate global society.

learn more here


founded in 1927 by the sisters of st. joseph of boston based on their core values:gracious hospitalitylove and service of the dear neighbor without distinctionpeaceful resolution of conflictcare for all god’s creation













regis college






footer menu


spike - student portal


sharp - faculty/staff portal


weather emergencies


website feedback


acen reaccreditation








footer middle menu


faculty and staff directory


working at regis


emergency information


title ix resources








footer last menu


children's center


events and facility rentals


fine arts center


​administrative offices













235 wellesley street, weston ma 02493
781.768.7000
© 2025 
privacy policy





footer social menu


tiktok


instagram


linkedin


facebook


twitter


vimeo


youtube














