



rat haus reality: exercising our intelligence with clarity & coherence








 







our goal should be to live life in radical amazement. . . . get up in the morning and look at the world in a way that takes nothing for granted. everything is phenomenal; everything is incredible; never treat life casually. to be spiritual is to be amazed.

—rabbi abraham joshua heschel









welcome to the front door of


ratical.org







 







1963   –   november 22nd   –   2024


on another friday, 61 years ago, a president for peace was very publicly executed in the noon day sun. while his generals wanted to win the cold war, he sought to end it. the escalating list of conflicts between president kennedy and his national security state before he was assassinated includes:



1961-1961: negotiated peace with the 
communists for a neutralist government in laos;


april 1961: bay of pigs and 
jfk’s response:  “i want to splinter the cia in a 
thousand pieces and scatter it to the winds.”


1961-63: kennedy-hammarskjöld-un vision,
which kept the congo together and independent;


april 1962: conflict with big steel industrialists;


october 1962: negotiated resolution of the cuban missile crisis by pledges of no us invasion of cuba and withdrawal of us missiles from turkey made to nikita khrushchev;


1961-63: diplomatic opening to third world leadership of president sukarno;


may 6, 1963: presidential order nsam #239 
to pursue both a nuclear test ban and a policy of general and complete 
disarmament;


june 10, 1963: american 
university address;


summer 1963: partial nuclear test ban treaty;


fall 1963: beginning of back-channel
dialogue with fidel castro;


fall 1963: jfk’s decision 
to sell wheat to the russians;


october 11, 1963: presidential order 
nsam #263 to withdraw all u.s. personnel from vietnam by 1965;


november 1963: khrushchev
decides to accept jfk’s invitation for a joint u.s.-soviet expedition to the moon.


james douglass: “seeking light in a depth of systemic evil that thomas merton called ‘the unspeakable,’ which he described in raids on the unspeakable, leads one to a gospel story. kennedy was learning to see through the eyes of his communist adversaries. at great personal risk, he was turning from war to peacemaking. i was astounded by the grace-filled story of a president of the united states choosing peace—at the cost of his life.”

concerning jfk and the unspeakable - why he died and why it matters, e. martin schotz has observed: “what jim did was to resurrect the jfk in each of us, and thus to set before us the task of carrying on the work he was doing.  jim was able to do this because he saw and was able to render jfk’s story as a gospel tale.”















john judge speaking
at “jfk: cinema as history” panel, am. u., 22 jan 1992:

    
my mother worked for 30 years altogether, but 25 years for the deputy chief of staff in the personnel office of the u.s. army, directly under the joint chiefs of staff. she was the highest-paid woman employee of the pentagon; she was five levels above top security. i mentioned to fletcher prouty the other day i worked from the bottom up and he worked from the top down, and we met at the joint chiefs. my mother’s job was to project overall national draft call figures five years in advance. she had to project an annual national selective service call that was right within a hundred people either way five years ahead. she knew from those projections and from the information she got that they were withdrawing from vietnam....

    
he was pulling out. my mother knew that because she had to project those kind of figures. i asked her after she retired, “when did they tell you they would escalate in vietnam?” because she had to be among the first to know. she said, “late november of ’63.” i said, “the last week in november?” she said, “yes, the monday following the assassination.” i said, “was this a few more advisers, a change in policy?” she said, “i couldn’t believe the figures. i took them back to the joint chiefs”—in what must have been the first protest by the civilian community to the war in vietnam, and said, ‘these can’t be right,’ and they said, ‘you’ll use them.’” they told her november 25, 1963 that the war in vietnam would last for 10 years and that 57,000 americans would die and to figure that in.







 








it is now 3 seconds to midnight









do you know what your government is doing?




since october 1962, the spectre of nuclear war and the resulting extinction of most life on mother earth has never been more pronounced than today. the u.s.-directed proxy war targeting russia is the primary fuse burning toward the end of all things, with the us backing for israel’s genocidal middle east actions close behind, followed by its aggressive provocations of china. given the precipice all life is on the edge of, the following is another level of the unthinkable being assembled that must be seen, challenged, and stopped:




dod plans eastern europe nuclear strike simulation “that would

lead to destruction of the agriculture systems such as farms.”







 








giving peace a chance







for the sake of 

all mother earth’s children







  










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 








invitation to explore the arms race within







a meditation



this is chapter 5 of lightning east to west - jesus, gandhi, and the nuclear age paired with the documentary, the arms race within, published in 1980 and 1985 respectively.

as jim douglass has observed, hitler won world war ii.  this is unspeakably evident in such global manifestations of holocaust machines as trident submarines. the book’s preface begins:



when work began on this book ten years ago, i understood its writing as a form of prayer. jesus and gandhi discovered a nonviolent process that offers inconceivable possibilities of change in our nuclear age. we need not despair. hope is grounded in our very being, in a loving, truthful process bound up with it.



“[t]he purpose of the trident campaign is not to stop the trident submarine and missile system. its purpose is to change ourselves—all of us—so that there will no longer be anyone to run the submarine or fire the missile.
 at that point trident will be stopped, but not as a primary goal and not by any opposing force. trident will be stopped because the spirit in which we all live will have changed to the point of reducing trident to what it is in truth: an inert holocaust machine which conscientious people will no more choose to operate than they would an auschwitz oven. when we become different in truth and in the spirit, there will simply be no one to run trident.”







trident meditation

jim and shelley douglass




i don’t understand.


what is it you don’t understand?


this submarine which equals 7,296 hiroshimas. how can anyone understand that?


begin with a meditation: to understand trident say the word “hiroshima.” reflect on its meaning for one second. say and understand “hiroshima” again. and again. and again. 7,296 times. assuming you’re able to understand hiroshima in one second, you’ll need more than two hours to understand trident. that’s one trident submarine. to understand the destructive power of the whole trident fleet, it would take you more than 40 hours, devoting one second to each hiroshima.


your meditation is impossible. to understand hiroshima alone would take a lifetime.


you do understand. hiroshima was the end of our ability to imagine our destructive power, or to measure its consequences. trident is the end of the world.


how does one live at the end of the world?


by beginning a new one. the power of thousands of hiroshimas on their way to trident submarines comes from the grip of an illusion: our own egos and the murderous security they seek. the force of truth and love, lived in their depths, is a force of unity, of life itself.  that force is real.  we need to join in a community committed to that nonviolent love force which is the power of the powerless. we need to test the truth of love by betting our lives on it in the world. if a community can experiment deeply enough in a nonviolent love force the white train of trident will be stopped. love will stop the train. love will stop trident.











the concerted suppression of any perspective and analysis contrary to the official narrative is the actual source of increasing danger. censorship is the ultimate tool to smother and extinguish the free exchange of ideas and from this the freedom to think.
robert heinlein captured the essential power exercised by censorship in his 1949 novel, revolt in 2100. the story revolved around efforts to overthrow a 100-year theocratic totalitarian united states of america:


i began to sense faintly that secrecy is the keystone of all tyranny. not force, but secrecy ... censorship. when any government, or any church for that matter, undertakes to say to its subjects, “this you may not read, this you must not see, this you are forbidden to know,” the end result is tyranny and oppression, no matter how holy the motives. mighty little force is needed to control a man whose mind has been hoodwinked; contrariwise, no amount of force can control a free man, a man whose mind is free. no, not the rack, not fission bombs, not anything—you can’t conquer a free man; the most you can do is kill him.


—censorship, propaganda & illusion,
conscience and the nuremberg code, 19 oct 2021











the unspeakable, the unthinkable,







and the imperative to increase consciousness



this is a personal reflection guided by a steadfast curiosity to understand how the world we all belong to by right of birth actually operates. i write it in concert with illuminated souls i have had the privilege to work with and learn from.







 








settler colonialism: palestine 2024



“territoriality is settler colonialism’s specific, irreducible element. [s]ettler colonizers come to stay: invasion is a structure not an event.....  elimination is an organizing principal of settler-colonial society rather than a one-off (and superseded) occurrence.” —patrick wolfe, 2006.








“israel imposed mass famine, and committed massacres every day. what happened was all expected. i wrote a book about this previously 20 years ago. children are now living in the streets and tents in the bitter cold. their weak, fragile bodies are torn apart by shells or they die of hunger and more than 700,000 people suffer from diseases related to famine, lack of clean water and lack of sanitation. although there are other hungry and oppressed people elsewhere (iraq, yemen, sudan, western sahara, etc.), our situation is unique. the images are horrific and we have active and deliberate genocide by a colonial power supported by the governments of several colonial powers (us, uk, france, germany, australia). the genocide is broadcast live and is not hidden. no one can claim that he did not know. every human being on this earth knows (including perpetrators and accomplices), but my topic here is not knowledge; it is corruption that leads to these things.” —professor mazin qumsiyeh, 18 feb 2024







  










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 













to see where we are, look where we’ve been.





prologue

it is hard for those who have not lived through the shattering political assassinations of the 1960s to grasp their significance for today. the echoes of the guns that killed president john f. kennedy, malcolm x, rev. martin luther king, jr., and senator robert f. kennedy in rapid succession repeat and repeat and repeat down through the years, and their echoes bang off the walls of all today’s news. today we are living the consequences of the cia/national security state’s 1960s takeover of the country.  their message then and now: we, the national security state, rule, we have the guns, the media, and the power to dominate you. you are helpless, they reiterate endlessly.  but they lie, and this series, beginning with its first installment, will tell you why.

chapter 1: “the world as it was”

this film will tell you a great deal about life today. it was a time when “democracy” tended toward totalitarianism. in doing so, it sowed the bitter fruit that is poisoning us today. without understanding the long-standing effects of those years, it is impossible to grasp the deepest dimensions of our current nightmare.
chapter 1 is about the 1950s, the rise of the cold war with its propaganda, mccarthyism, the development of the military-industrial complex, the cia, red-baiting, betrayals, blacklists, the abrogation of civil rights, censorship, and the ever present fear of nuclear war that set the stage for the killing fields of the 1960s and the cia’s ruthless machinations.
one could say that the 1950s were the foundation of fear upon which the horrors of the 1960s were built, and that now we are reaping the flowers of evil that have sprung up everywhere we look because the evils of those decades have never been addressed.






  








antidote to the hubris of greed while living under domination



seeing the maximum security establishment denial system



david t. ratcliffe, rat haus reality press, 23 sep 2023







inaugurated in 1995 on the september equinox, today rat haus reality, ratical branch completes its 28th circle ’round the sun. gearing up to enter the 29th year inspired composing this antidote, an accounting of censored and suppressed truths far too many people have witnessed and gone through since 2020.
tuning in to genuine, trustworthy reporting on and intelligent analysis of the state of our world is possible and is being produced by legions of souls operating in their respective divine capacities as independent agents and government watchdogs honoring and serving life’s needs on mother earth. 
the souls highlighted in this accounting are celebrated for their dedication of bearing witness to and following the polestar of historical truth as it emits a light and illuminates the way we can all likewise be guided by. and in doing so, we can join in the sacred work of supporting the exquisite eons of life exploring itself on our mother earth for the seventh generation yet unborn and beyond.






  










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 








phinance technologies





this is an on-going index of the humanity projects being developed at phinance technologies. founded in 2022 by yuri nunes (physics phd), carlos alegria (physics and finance phds), and former blackrock fund manager and author edward dowd, the resource includes sweeping multi-level data sets and their ongoing analyses and publication.






 









memo to senator ron johnson 



re: evidence of covid-19 regulatory failures, 

criminal wrongdoing and attempts to avoid liability 

by senior executive service officials 

in multiple federal agencies 



sasha latypova and katherine watt, due diligence and art, 7 sep 2023








over the past several years, sasha latypova and katherine watt have been combining their respective professional skills—ex-pharmaceutical r&d industry executive and entrepreneur and paralegal with research and writing focus on structural analysis of really big lies respectively—to uncover what has occurred regarding what are accurately defined as demonstration department of defense covid-19 countermeasures.
latypova, watt and others attended a 13 dec 2022 zoom call with senator ron johnson (r-wi) scheduled by his staff. the memo and its 775 mb of countermeasures evidence references and exhibits is based on publicly available sources and document in exhaustive detail how:

americans were misled about all covid-19 “countermeasures,”  including those products marketed as “vaccines.”   covid policy was managed by the national security council (nsc) acting on war footing and countermeasures were contracted for by the department of defense (dod) and biomedical advanced research and development authority (barda) without any effective regulatory oversight at any stage along the process.
the activities passing as “regulatory processes”  appear to have been fraudulent attempts to create color of law and avoid liability for what were clearly criminal acts.  these multiple overlapping and mutually reinforcing violations of federal law have imposed serious harms on the american people, including severe injury and death.







  










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 









a message to donald rumsfeld’s ghost 

about my known knowns



by edward j. curtin, jr., 9 oct 2023







four died trying surrounded by a
rogue’s gallery of us warfare state front men




“[i]it has been very obvious for a very long time that the evidence for united states’ crimes of all sorts has been available to anyone who wished to face the truth.  it does not take great expertise, just an eye for the obvious and the willingness to do a little homework....
donald rumsfeld, as a key long time insider to u.s. deep state operations, was surely aware of my list of known knowns.  he was just one of many such slick talkers involved in demonic u.s. operations that have always been justified, denied, or kept secret by him and his ilk.
one does not have to be a criminologist to realize these things....
despite double-talkers like [rumsfeld], evidence of decades of u.s. propaganda is easy to see through if one is compelled by the will-to-truth.”




consider how, it makes not the slightest difference whether obama, trump or covid occupy the oval office. things only move in one direction.














  










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 









in our name:




on exercising moral conscience




given us cluster munitions to ukraine








the unmitigated evil being carried out in our name manifests unbridled 
malevolence.  the justification for the latest unconscionable 
jaws-of-hell-weapons-to-ukraine decision and promotion by executive branch, 
military, intelligence-media, congressional, academia, think-tank talking 
head “experts” is one more cravenly lethal “policy” 
laying bare the moral corruption of, in steven newcomb’s words, this 
empire domination model of christian discovery.
life-affirming moral conscience is required to pierce the fog of thingism, identify and recognize the life-negating agendas being sold as necessary, and exercise our birthright intelligence to liberate consciousness and protect and defend all life exploring itself on mother earth.





a most evil weapon; a most heinous crime








tom greco: a heinous war crime is about to be committed by a country that purports to be the champion of democracy and human rights. yes, the us is preparing to send cluster bombs to ukraine for use in the war against russia. do you know the kinds of injuries these weapons cause, that they often fail to explode until much later when innocent civilians accidentally set them off, and that these weapons have been banned by the geneva convention signed by 123 countries, but not by the us?

mike boddington: this is an interim edition: a bonus, if you will. it is brought about as a result of hearing the news that the usa is to send cluster munitions to ukraine, in order to continue the support of nato and the west for that country in its battle against russia. if this happens it will be the most evil and heinous crime. it will be the act of people who have no care or concern for the lives and welfare of others. by way of response, i am reproducing here an article that i wrote in 2021 entitled ‘an experience in your life’ and which has had limited circulation, but has not aired in this medium. it offers a scenario of a regular, everyday person in se asia encountering an unexploded device – here referred to as a cluster sub-munition or bombie.








  









ending the domination system




revoke the papal bulls







in response to the papul bulls issued

530 years ago today and tomorrow (3 and 4 may 1493)






a view-from-the-shore analysis of the 

vatican’s 30 march 2023 statement on the doctrine of discovery





by steven newcomb (shawnee/lenape)




on 30 march 2022, the vatican dicastery for culture and education, and the dicastery for promoting integral human development, issued a “joint statement”  on the “doctrine of discovery.”  the vatican stopped short of a revocation of the 4 may 1493 papal bull, issuing instead a “repudiation of the doctrine of discovery.”



the context begins with the free existence of our native nations and peoples, extending back to the beginning of our time through our oral histories and traditions, contrasted with the system of domination that was carried by ship across the ocean and imposed on everyone and everything. from that starting point we end up with a non-christian view-from-the-shore with our ancestors looking out at the invading ships sailing from western christendom, and a view-from-the-ship perspective, with the colonizers moving toward our ancestors with the intention of establishing the christian empire’s system of domination where it did not yet exist. below we discuss the recent vatican statement on the doctrine of discovery with a view-from-the-shore perspective, while realizing that the vatican officials wrote their statement with a view-from-the-ship (church) perspective.


steven newcomb has been researching and decoding the doctrine of christian discovery since the 1980s. together with birgil kills straight, a ceremonial leader of the oglala lakota nation, the indigenous law institute was founded in 1992 to begin a global campaign to revoke the 4 may 1493 papal bull, inter caetera, which pope alexander vi issued shortly after columbus returned to western christendom from the bahamas.



ending the doctrine of domination


as we approach 4 july 2023, the challenge remains of understanding how so-called separation of church and state is not reflected in the foundations of u.s. law as well as government claims of sovereignty and title to the land comprising what is today called the united states. steven newcomb has been researching and analysing this contradiction since the late 1980s.






  










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 









the pentagon’s b-movie




looking closely at the september 2001 attacks

by graeme macqueen




complete ebook, rat haus reality press, 15 march 2023







this ebook by graeme macqueen contains a collection of his articles and essays on the attacks of september 11, 2001, the subsequent anthrax attacks, and analyses of other false flag operations.  they are profoundly important and shatter the official versions of those events. no one reading this book can come away from it not convinced that the u.s. government is a terrorist state. macqueen’s conclusions are not based on rhetoric but on a deep empirical analyses, facts not propaganda. with this volume, graeme macqueen takes his place alongside david ray griffin as a prophet without honor in his own time. history will declare him a hero.  to write the book’s introduction is a great honor, for my esteem for graeme and his work is immense.


—edward curtin







 






 









never again is now global



a five-part documentary series by vera sharav

alliance for human research protection, 30 jan to 3 feb 2023














in vera sharav’s words:


during these de-stabilizing three years, i have come to believe, like many other holocaust survivors, that our survival was for a purpose. our fear is that we may be the last witnesses who remember how:



* a highly educated society and its exemplary academic, scientific, and cultural institutions were perverted;


* moral norms and legal safeguards were discarded;


* the fabric of society was torn apart as segments of the population were disqualified;


* decent people became agents of industrialized mass murder.



the survivors and family members in this documentary share their knowledge, and their painful memories of the unprecedented industrial-scale human catastrophe.

we believe that the purpose of our survival is not only to remember; but to warn others about how fear and propaganda condition people to follow repressive – even murderous – government dictates.


* we know how the suspension of personal freedom, the suspension of civil rights, and the silencing of dissent, devolve into genocide.



current invocations of “depopulation solutions” are chilling and foreboding.


* depopulation is invoked to solve supposed problems such as: “limited resources” and “global warming” and “climate change”;


* an unprecedented mandatory vaccination campaign subjected hundreds of millions of people to an experimental, genetically manipulated injectable product;


* the product’s safety and efficacy were untested;


* its ingredients are top secret;


* and its promoters referred to this vaccine as the “final solution” to the pandemic.  



i interpret these ominous verbal references as veiled codes for another planned human catastrophe. that realization propelled me to embark on a project i had never engaged in before – a documentary with the intention to open people’s minds to the current, ominous, genocidal “solutions” that a band of global oligarchs have set in motion.

another important objective of the documentary was to expose the false narrative that has (for decades) obscured the active participation of multinational corporations, global financiers, and family dynasties – who facilitated and profiteered from the genocidal nazi regime and its slave labor force. 

never again is now global is the only documentary dealing with the holocaust directed by a holocaust survivor. in addition to survivors, our documentary brings together testimonies of children and grandchildren of survivors and victims; german descendants of victims as well as a grandson of nazi scientists. the participants who expressed their alarm about the current nefarious global operation include doctors, scientists, a rabbi, and african american freedom fighters.









 









 
welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 








history will not absolve us



invoke the bond with your creator and be liberated from the united states of denial




david t. ratcliffe, rat haus reality press, 21 dec 2022






bob moran:  not our future



the consequence of the doctrine of domination is the increasing-to-the-breaking-point concentration of financial wealth and exercise of control in fewer and fewer hands. the domination system original free peoples have been dealing with for over 500 years is now coming after the 99%. we are confronted with a global spiritual world war of unbridled dimensions, ever more treacherous given its purpose is cloaked in the false promise of biosecurity.
everyone’s birthright of free will, exercising one’s unique wisdom and intelligence, is in danger of being subjugated, captured, vanquished, and, as has already occurred for many people, being extinguished and killed.
every person on mother earth has extraordinary gifts and powers, gifted by one’s creator, to meet the challenges our species collectively faces. once the numbing mind-fog spell of fear is faced and understood, there are no limits to what can be imagined and acted upon to contribute to discovering unknown possibilities of manifesting life-affirming processes that meet the needs of all.
















steven t. newcomb



shawnee-lenape scholar and author






“the words that we use, create and maintain the reality that we experience.”




steven newcomb’s decades-long research on the roots and contemporary patterns of the domination system, are traced from 15th century vatican papal documents, thru the 1823 us supreme court ruling, johnson v mcintosh, which incorporated those patterns into us property law, to the present day.

in his 2008 book, pagans in the promised land: decoding the doctrine of discovery newcomb demonstrates how us government officials have used religious concepts of christendom, often unconsciously, to justify the taking of native american lands and to deny the independence of original free nations. uncovering the way in which the conceptions of doctrines of domination fit together, newcomb describes what he terms a protocol of domination vocabulary.




a seed of the present day domination system is the dum diversas papal bull of 1452, issued by pope nicholas v to king alphonso of portugal, which authorizes the king to “invade, capture, vanquish, and subdue all saracens, pagans and other enemies of christ ... to reduce their persons to perpetual slavery ... and to take away all their possessions and property and to convert their possessions and properties.”







 










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 








open letter to oliver stone

on the wisdom of pursuing nuclear power



by david t. ratcliffe, rat haus reality press, 8 jul 2022









in mid-may i heard oliver stone interviewed by lex fridman focusing on ukraine.  near the beginning, for 12+ minutes, oliver stone talks about nuclear power and a new documentary he is finishing up. as he puts it, “nuclear energy is going to end the dominance of oil ... because it’s the only sane way for the world to proceed.”

i was intrigued and concerned about stone's reasoning for advocating nuclear power and decided to write an open letter to present a differing perspective on the risks and consequences of pursuing nuclear power as our species' primary energy source.

my hope is to provoke how all of us think about the unlimited energy we are used to having at our finger tips and, as richard heinberg wrote in 2003, how “each [u.s.] american has the equivalent of over 150 ‘energy slaves’ working for us 24 hours each day. in energy terms, each middle-class american is living a lifestyle so lavish as to make nearly any sultan or potentate in history swoon with envy.”














john mearsheimer et al:



why the west’s strategy in ukraine is so dangerous









while western corporate/state press is engaged in an extremely dangerous 
propaganda narrative, the war in ukraine is, in fact, a proxy war between 
the u.s. and russia. professor john mearsheimer predicted this crisis in 2015.
in april he said the war in ukraine is “the most dangerous crisis since 
the second world war” and is “more dangerous that the [1962] 
cuban crisis”. mearsheimer’s analysis is: given that both russia 
and the u.s. are determined to “win” this war, the risk of nuclear 
escalation rises to unthinkable levels when two nuclear powers decide losing 
is not an option.














on the edge of a nuclear abyss




by edward curtin, 10 march 2022







which one’s grave?

end of warfare or end of civilization?

chicago tribune, 12 august 1945




it is very hard to accept that the leaders of your own country commit and contemplate unspeakable evil deeds and that they wish to control your mind. to contemplate that they might once again use nuclear weapons is unspeakable but necessary if we are to prevent it. beware, we are on the edge of a nuclear abyss. 







 










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 








pandemic parallax view


parallax [par-uh-laks] noun: the apparent displacement

of an observed object due to a change in the position of the observer






gall-peters projection of mother earth



highlights 



“the psychiatry of covid-19” - a conversation with dr. emanuel garciaepisode 27: perspectives on the pandemic, 6 jul 2022



mark crispin miller:



in memory of those who have “died suddenly”



cdc admits once and for all it has no basis for its claim that covid-19 vaccines do not cause variants
informed consent action network (ican), 20 jun 2022


great reset playbook: ukraine


with every mistake, we must surely be learningdennis riches, lit by imagination, 29 dec 2021


international grand jury proceedingthe peoples’ court of public opinion
convened 5 feb 2022


how to blast your way to the truth about the origins of covid-19


using blast is easy. i’m going to show you how easy and how to prove that sars-cov-2 is man-made

dr ah kahn syed, 28 dec 2021


what if the largest experiment on human beings in history is a failure?

a report from an indiana life insurance company raises serious concerns. 
robert malone, md, ms, 2 jan 2022


australian elders jubullum message to all peoples: your dna is sacred, 17 oct 2021


conscience and the nuremberg codeinformed consent, censorship, and inalienable rights david ratcliffe, rat haus reality press, 19 oct 2021


ongoing compilation:


lawsuits challenging covid-19 false claims



children’s health defense responds to biden’s ‘declaration of war against unvaccinated’


in a “deeply disturbing” speech last week, president biden exhorted medical coercion of an experimental gene therapy for a virus with a 99% survival rate for a large portion of the population, and for which no one bears financial liability in cases where injuries or deaths occur.


mary holland, president & general counsel, children’s health defense, 13 sep 2021


justus r hope md: ivermectin represents human rights


open letter and challenge for rachel maddow  ivermectin: truth or consequences diane perlman, 2 sep 2021


gold standard covid science in practice 

an interdisciplinary symposium calling for immediate intervention

organized by doctors for covid ethics, hosted by uk column, 29-30 july


how real science became fake news thirty years ago, the man who taught me quantum mechanics at harvard wrote that the suppression of debate will be the ‘death of science’. perhaps he saw the shape of things to come.

josh mitteldorf, experimental frontiers, 29 jun 2021


what i know and don’t know about sars-cov-2 virus edward curtin, behind the curtain, 19 june 2021


indian bar association serves legal notice on who’s chief scientist for  ivermectin disinformation and suppression of evidence in india, 9 jun 2021


systematically flawed mortality statistics should not be guiding science, medicine or public policy
an evidence based postion presented by a former death certificate clerk

joy fritz, greenmedinfo, 20 apr 2021


data disaster: a call for an investigation into the cdc’s conduct during covid-19

stand for health freedom panel, 17 feb 2021


catherine austin fitts: mr global’s bid for economic totalitarianism and transhumanism – if we allow it

planet lockdown film interview, mid august 2020


the fourth industrial revolution and the global technocratic takeover with alison mcdowell

jason bosch interview, 17 may 2020


“lockdown only pushes the severe cases into the future – it will not prevent them”

—prof. johan giesecke






 








collapsologie immersion




the end is the beginning








late to the game and eager to learn:




can we seed future successor-cultures in time?




collapsologie is the study and elaboration of how industrial 
civilization as we know it collapses and if it does, what 
will replace it. industrial civilization is the use of 
machinery powered by electricity or any form of energy to 
carry out various activities. collapsologie is a neologism
developed by pablo servigne and raphaël stevens in
their 2015 book. 
in an interview, recalling 
all the data and increasingly 
disturbing scientific alarms, the authors are calling
for an end to denial: “we accept that disasters can 
occur: they are looming, we must look at them with courage, 
eyes wide open. to be a catastrophist is neither to be 
pessimistic nor optimistic, it is to be lucid.”






 










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 








chernobyl: understanding consequences of playing with the poison fire




in the sept 1986 american chemical society symposium on low-level
radiation, john w. gofman, m.d., ph.d., describing what was then, 
the single most serious industrial accident ever, stated:




it is correct to say that a single event—the chernobyl
accident—has caused between 600,000 and a million cases
of cancer and leukemia. the radio-cesiums are on the ground,
and humans are committed to receive the doses from them. to
the extent that a share of the dose has already been received,
a share of the malignancies is already underway, even though
they will not become manifest, clinically, for years....
we can predict with high confidence 
that an honest study of the proposed population sample will 
simply confirm—but decades from now—the magnitude of 
radiation production of cancer, a magnitude we know quite well 
prior to such a study....
the existing human evidence provides a solid basis for assessing
the chernobyl toll. the credible lower-limit of malignancies
from the cesium fallout is approximately 640,000 cases, and
a credible upper-limit is probably 1,600,000 malignancies.




23 years later, dr. gofman’s projections were
borne out with the compendium release of 
chernobyl: consequences of the catastrophe for people and the environment
(annals of new york academy of sciences, vol 1181, dec 2009)
which concluded 985,000 people died between 1986 and 2004 as a 
result of biosphere contamination of radioactive matter released from the 
detonation of unit 4’s reactor core. 
the chernobyl and fukushima catastrophes have caused, are causing, 
and will continue to cause living and dying agony and nightmares for 
untold generations and millenia. the purpose of this archive of
historically significant source materials is to assist younger 
people—and as many others as possible—in 
learning about our true history, how our world actually 
operates, and re-mind how we must collectively weigh the consequences 
of every decision our species makes, reflecting on and being 
informed by the vital numinous awareness that all life is sacred, 
and that the needs of the future, of all life yet unborn, must 
guide every choice and decision made in the present. 













 







10 june 2019: 56 years on & inauguration of 
ratical earth journal







in our quest for a different vision and path for the u.s.
and the world, it is critical to educate ourselves about a
12 month period from the fall of 1962 into the fall of ’63,
when president john f. kennedy was assassinated. very few are
aware of this year in u.s. history. during this period the 
u.s. took a fundamentally different approach to the ‘cold 
war,’ nuclear weapons, nuclear war, and the conflict with 
what was then the soviet union. this was the result of a radical 
change in u.s. policy, because of the dramatic shift in president 
kennedy’s thinking after he had endured the cuban missile 
crisis. speaking 56 years ago about u.s. relations with the 
soviet union in his american university address, kennedy’s 
insights are today ever more relevant regarding u.s.-russia 
relations and the inescapable reality of our species’
oneness:






















“...in the final analysis, our most basic common link is that 
we all inhabit this small planet.  we all breathe the same air. 
we all cherish our children’s futures. and we are all mortal.”




president john f. kennedy    
10 june 1963










today also marks the inauguration of ratical earth journal (rej), 
chronicling key incoherence indicators of our life out of balance
that calls for another way of living—including nuclear
contamination of the biosphere and global
overheat—requiring transformational adaption through our
single human family’s collective creativity, imagination,
intuition, and intelligence. in addition, focus celebrates exercising 
our intelligence with clarity and coherence.










 











breakdown = strange fruit of capitalism’s invisible army: a heritage of stone

breakthru = shifting from domination to partnership via extinction rebellion



in concert with its creation of capitalism’s invisible army,
lawcap’s decision at the close of the 1940s to start world war
iii in order to keep capitalism in business resulted in our illegitimate 
corporate state both being wedded to denial of increasing global overheat, 
one of the vilest deceptions in history, and our unaccountable u.s. 
intelligence police operating beyond the strictures of law, as 
formal federal policy, by daily committing several hundred crimes including 
terrorism, assassination, torture, and systematic violations of human 
rights. a primary root of this mind-bending criminal government lawlessness
is a direct result and outgrowth of the assassination of president 
kennedy by key elements within our intelligence police. our law-breaking, 
illegitimate government continues to exponentially expand its death 
operations via policies carried out by cia and pentagon-based funding. 
for our species to survive this evolutionary moment, it is imperative 
to accelerate the shift from this collapsing dominator system to one 
based on partnership. as co-creators of our own evolution, we can 
choose the alternative of breakthrough rather than breakdown.




willful u.s. criminal inaction on the ecological crisis threatening life
security throughout mother earth requires non-violent rebellion
to change course away from the dead-end future of a mass extinction
event while determining what options still exist to be acted upon in
the face of this unfolding crisis era of ecological emergency we are
by day sinking evermore deeply into. the requirement for this 
regenerative process of collective involvement in a truly democratic 
dynamic to determine best strategies to deal with and respond to the 
climate and ecological emergency becoming evermore dire can be a 
driver and catalyst for accelerating the shift from domination to 
partnership.











 










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 








losing earth?
realign with original free peoples’ great law and find her again





18 november 2018









the law prevails, what we call the great law, the common law, 
the natural law.  the law says if you poison your water, 
you’ll die. the law says that if you poison the air, 
you’ll suffer. the law says if you degrade where you 
live, you’ll suffer. the law says all of this. if you 
don’t learn that then you can only suffer. there’s
no discussion with this law. 




—oren lyons, faithkeeper, chief, onondaga, 1991




indigenous peoples offer possibilities for life after empire, 
possibilities that neither erase the crimes of colonialism nor 
require the disappearance of the original peoples colonized 
under the guise of including them as individuals.




—roxanne dunbar-ortiz, 2014








this work is about the liberation of our nations and peoples from
the behavioral patterns and language system of domination. it is
about restoration and healing for our nations and peoples based
on our love of and spiritual connection to the land, our
languages, our sacred and ceremonial places, and our original
free and independent existence as nations extending back before a
western notion of time.




—steven newcomb, 2018








we are a part of the memories of evolution

these memories carry knowledge

these memories carry our identity

beneath race, gender, class, age

beneath citizen, business, state, religion

we are human beings




  




and these memories 

are trying to remind us

human beings, human beings

it’s time to rise up

remember who we are




—john trudell, 2001








a fundamental blindspot in u.s. society revolves around the
question: where did all this land we call the united states
come from?

the ongoing legacy of denial of how what is today called the united 
states came to be and how that has played out over 400-plus years into the 
21st century postpones life -nurturing and -respecting timelines from
manifesting. extraordinary possibilities exist for life after empire, 
provided we as the inheritors of the empire domination model of christianity
are willing to redeem the consequences of the past evermore becoming
present. genocide, dispossession, colonization, forms the core of 
u.s. history, the very source of the country’s existence. will it 
be the future as well? the choice is ours. an analysis of the steadfast 
denial of the actual foundations and development of u.s. society and
culture is explored here with regard to the catastrophic, 
accelerating changes to earth’s climate reaching critical 
mass in recent decades. the way forward requires reestablishing
adherence to the great law, of reawakening to the spiritual reality 
of earth, of life itself, and throughout the seasons conducting 
ceremonies of thanksgiving for the life-giving energies earth
bestows upon all of creation.







 








toward a paradigm change for mother earth



understanding the empire domination model of christianity: a way of liberation



steven newcomb delivers keynote on original free nations and peoples






spotlight of indigenous peoples plenary, 
2015 parliament of the world’s religions, 19 oct 2015









i want to acknowledge the
ancestors who have loved the land through ceremonial
conduct and prayers, based on their insight about the need for sacred
relations with mother earth, with pristine waters, and with life
in all its forms and manifestations. i want to acknowledge the
original free and independent existence of our nations and
peoples extending back to the beginning of time through our oral
histories and our oral traditions. yesterday i listened with interest to the plenary session on
climate change. it occurred to me that working on climate change
without working on paradigm change would be a grave mistake. we
need a mental and behavioral shift away from the prevailing
paradigm of domination, dehumanization, and greed, the symptoms
of which are everywhere on planet earth, our mother. 
more than five centuries ago, various popes in rome, on behalf of
christendom, unleashed the paradigm i’m talking about. it
may surprise you to learn that the empire domination model of
christianity was woven by jurists into the laws and policies of
the united states, and into the laws and policies of many other
countries, such as canada, australia, and new zealand. that
hidden code of christian empire has worked for more than five
centuries toward the dissolution of our original nations and 
peoples here on great turtle island and abya yala to the south....
we invite you to walk with us on the sacred path, in honor of the
first principle of our original nations: “respect the earth
as our mother and have a sacred regard for all living
things.” end the domination. all our relations. wanishi.







 








oren lyons: on the indigenous view of the world






interview conducted by leila conners for the 11th hour research tapes (2006)









we always said that we have been told and understand that
we’re relatives. where our white brother will talk about
water and trees and animals and fish as resources we talk about
them as relatives. that’s a whole different perspective. if
you think that they’re relatives and you understand that
then you’re going to treat them differently.



[the peacemaker] said that this tree of peace is a spiritual law and
represents a spiritual law and the spiritual law is the law of
nature. he told us explicitly, never challenge this law because
you cannot prevail. you will not prevail; wrap your laws, your
rules, and your conduct.  he said, you, the leaders, when
you’re weak as a human being, he said, this tree will give
your spine strength. wrap yourself around this tree because
it’s powerful. do not challenge the laws of nature because
you cannot, you will not, prevail.



there’s a great imbalance of humanity on this earth and the
natural laws don’t abide that.  just the quality of life
that comes from all the beings that are here, they’ll be
denied our grandchildren. we’re destroying their
well-being. we’re really destroying the efforts that they
can put forward if they have the respect and knowledge. this
style of talking and observation, they tell me, it’s not
realistic in today’s times. i suppose not if you’re
thinking in terms of wall street and you’re thinking in
terms of power and authority. but in the long run it is
absolutely the law.



mother earth has laws and rules and one of them is balance. she 
will keep the balance regardless. if an element is out of balance, 
like the population of human beings on this earth, she will 
balance it. how she does that we may not like. most likely 
it’ll come with disease and this will be very democratic. 
it will go across people’s lives. it will go across 
leaders. it will go across everything because really 
there’s no mercy in nature. there’s only the law 
and the rule. i think that’s where we fail and we’re 
way, way away from that.



this world has to understand the importance of sharing. i know
that in the structure of the united states it’s very
contrary to that as people are not instructed to share.
they’re instructed to gain. they’re instructed to
hold to themselves. they’re instructed to gather unto
themselves. and they’re rewarded for that. so you have 
an instruction that’s contrary, very contrary, to
this whole concept, if indeed this is what you think is right.

but this, i’m simply telling you what our instructions are.
operating under this, i’ve traveled to indian nations
across north america and central america.  i’m invited to
the ceremonies and i always know what’s going on. i may not
understand the language and the dances may be different. but i
know what is being said. it’s always the same: thanksgiving
to the creation. thanksgiving to the life-giving forces of the
earth.







 










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 











taking back our history – a key element in the big picture




27 july 2018



william pepper: the magistrate, in his own report, admits that 
sirhan was in front of bob kennedy; in front of him. proving 
our case that sirhan could not possibly have shot bob from the rear.
the evidence is there.
anyone wants to see it, anyone who wants to look at it, they can. we 
urge everyone to do that. the question is how long will they be allowed 
to cover this up?  will it be covered up throughout all of history? 
that’s really what the goal is.... these two political assassinations 
have determined the course of history like no other in our lifetime, 
indeed perhaps in the history of this republic.... political assassinations 
have existed throughout all of the history of human society. it’s 
an ultimate tactic that is used when you cannot co-opt, compromise, or 
control in some way a leader or an emerging dissenting force. the 
ultimate way of stopping that individual, of course, is through 
assassination. in the ’60s we saw four of those.

jim douglass: martin luther king had a vision for humanity: the 
beloved community of a just and peaceful global society and he was
prepared to move toward that as he said in his
cbc lectures in 1967 where he articulated his final vision.
it was published as a book after his death, the trumpet of conscience.
he said he was hoping to bring whole cities to a halt, beginning with
washington d.c., through massive nonviolent civil disobedience
until poverty could be eliminated from not only the united states but
from other parts of the world and war and injustice.
he had a big vision.
that was really the beginning of my investigation. the impact
that king’s assassination had on my life and the
recognition that his vision, a hopeful, a nonviolent, a
redemptive vision for all of humanity, it went to the point
where the powers that be were not going to allow it to be
carried out. that’s why we should be demanding that the
truth be recognized and spoken.






 












this one’s for john – hidden history center upgrade




21 june 2018




“dr. martin luther king, jr. said there are three pillars that
hold up the current system of domestic oppression: poverty,
racism and militarism. in order to have real democracy, economic
justice, peace and a unified society, we have to both envision
our own liberation in our time and take back our history, power
and moral integrity.



“the reason mahatma gandhi and dr. king were both loved and hated,
both followed and murdered had to do with their use of
“satygraha” or truth force and “ahimsa”
or nonviolent harmlessness. these powerful tools moved them
outside the control game that has secured privilege for a few
over millenia.”



—john judge, september 1, 2001





this is an invitation to rededicate ourselves

to envision our own liberation and take back our history, power, and moral
integrity.












 










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 








help stop nuclear war before it’s too late


we all have a part to play



4 april 2018







“never have the nations of the world had so much to lose,
or so much to gain. together we shall save our planet, or together
we shall perish in its flames. save it we can—and save it we
must—and then shall we earn the eternal thanks of mankind and,
as peacemakers, the eternal blessing of god.”



—president john f. kennedy, un general assembly, 25 sep 1961





the increasing likelihood of nuclear war—not by miscalculation nor
by accident, but by the collective madness of people leading and
promoting the u.s. war machine, in concert with mainstream media
malpractice—is the supreme threat to all life
on earth. 50 years ago today the ultimate sacrifice was made by
dr. martin luther king, jr., one of
the 20th century’s greatest peacemakers.  king gave his life
championing the world’s poor by opposing the greatest purveyor
of violence on earth—his own government. calls for
“honoring dr. king” betray his life’s purpose
if they do not steadfastly sound the alarm that the push by the west
for war with russia, which is a mass extinction event waiting to happen.







 







nuclear weapons - the ultimate evil

time’s up to kick the habit


















“nine nations still threaten to incinerate entire cities, to destroy 
life on earth, to make our beautiful world uninhabitable for future 
generations. the development of nuclear weapons signifies not a 
country’s elevation to greatness, but its descent to the 
darkest depths of depravity. these weapons are not a necessary evil; 
they are the ultimate evil.”

—setsuko thurlow, hiroshima survivor, 
speaking 10 dec 2017


on behalf of the international campaign to abolish nuclear weapons,

recipient of the 2017 nobel peace prize



the ultimate necessityof an international campaign to abolish nuclear weapons


eli martin schotz, m.d., february 2018



“any talk today of preventing a nuclear war misses the point that we are actually in a nuclear war right now. the question is not how can we prevent a nuclear war, but how will the nuclear war end? will it end with the weapons abolishing mankind, or will mankind end this war by abolishing nuclear weapons? just as war is a process, so is peace. peace is a process of educating people about nuclear war, helping them organize against this war.”


back from the brink ~ the call to prevent nuclear war


we call on the united states to lead a global effort to prevent nuclear war by: 




• 


renouncing the option of using nuclear weapons first




• 


ending the sole, unchecked authority of any president to launch a nuclear attack




• 


taking us nuclear weapons off hair-trigger alert




• 


cancelling the plan to replace its entire arsenal with enhanced weapons




• 


actively pursuing a verifiable agreement among nuclear armed states 
to 

eliminate their nuclear arsenals




back from the brink ~ critical analysis, resources, updates






 










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 








the truth of the children of vietnam: a way of liberation




how will we challenge militarism, racism, and extreme materialism?








“the children of vietnam”
provides an instance of truth force that is needed more
than ever to counter the fragmentation and doublethink being
amplified by the demands of capital and its accumulation. because,
tragically and horrifically, what the united states caused to 
happen in vietnam has not stopped.  it continues to this day,
magnified on a global scale within numerous theatres of u.s. 
military and covert operations including in iraq, in 
afghanistan, in yemen.







in denouncing the u.s. war in vietnam at riverside church in 1967
martin king posed the question on behalf of 
vietnamese peasants: “what do they think as we test out 
our latest weapons on them, just as the germans tested out new 
medicine and new tortures in the concentration camps of 
europe?” and this was a war that ended up being 
broadcast on nightly news television in the united states
as it became evermore hellish in its results.  said king at 
riverside, “when machines and computers, profit motives 
and property rights, are considered more important than people, 
the giant triplets of racism, extreme materialism, and 
militarism are incapable of being conquered.” his 
voice, love, compassion, and intelligence are as searingly 
relevant right now, half a century later, as
in 1967.








 










the heart of the matter: 






why president kennedy was assassinated







concerning the extra-constitutional firing of the 35th president,
the following is proffered as an antidote to the specific set of
illusions and—beginning with the 
warren commission’s report—conspiracy
theories presented by state actors, universities, and the media which 
promote a fabricated representation of reality through omission, 
distortion, falsehood, lack of contextual analysis, and disinforming opinion 
stated as obvious, incontestable fact. the essence of the cover-up is 
that there is a mystery to debate. there is no mystery. anyone willing 
to look can see clearly who killed president kennedy and why. the why of 
the assassination is the key to the crime and its cover-up. we can know 
why president kennedy was assassinated. with this understanding and
knowledge we can navigate the turbulent waters surrounding us today with a 
profoundly informed and deeply rooted sense of the meaning and purpose of 
our own lives in this irreducible present moment—the only moment we 
ever have.






 










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






 











marking 16 years of the us global war of terror



guy debord: 

in 1967, in a book entitled 
the society of the spectacle, 
i showed what the modern spectacle was already in essence: the 
autocratic reign of the market economy, which had acceded to an 
irresponsible sovereignty, and the totality of new techniques of 
government that accompanied this reign....



spectacular domination’s first priority was to eradicate historical
knowledge in general; beginning with just about all rational information
and commentary on the most recent past....

with the destruction of history, contemporary events themselves retreat
into a remote and fabulous realm of unverifiable stories, uncheckable
statistics, unlikely explanations and untenable reasoning....



all experts serve the state and the media and only in that way do they achieve
their status. every expert follows his master, for all former possibilities for
independence have been gradually reduced to nil by present society’s mode
of organization. the most useful expert, of course, is the one who can lie.
with their different motives, those who need experts are falsifiers and fools.
whenever individuals lose the capacity to see things for themselves, the
expert is there to offer an absolute reassurance....



such a perfect democracy constructs its own inconceivable foe, terrorism.
its wish is to be judged by its enemies rather than by its results. the story
of terrorism is written by the state and it is therefore highly instructive.
the spectators must certainly never know everything about terrorism, but
they must always know enough to convince them that, compared with
terrorism, everything else must be acceptable, or in any case more rational
and democratic.
           —    comments on the society of the spectacle, 1988








cold war: the next generation






“it is a sobering thought that better evidence is required to prosecute a 
shoplifter than is needed to commence a world war.”
   —anthony scrivener qc, the times, 5 oct 2001


“it is different than the gulf war was, in the sense that it 
may never end. at least, not in our lifetime.”
   —dick cheney, 21 oct 2001 


legend has it the cold war was closed out in 1991. 10 years later, its next 
generation spawn was inaugurated. 16+ years into this war that will not end  
“in our lifetime”, it is our moral responsibility to reveal 
its covert and overt roots and, in doing so, end it given that 
it is being done in our name every single day.


“your loyalty belongs to the human race and not to a flag, not to 
a country that’s supposedly under attack from some mystical force 
that’s out there that you can’t even identify—i mean, 
these terrorists, the way they’re presented to us, 
it’s as if they dropped in from outer space. all you know 
about them is that they hate you and they want to kill you. you 
can’t negotiate with them.  you can’t talk to them. 
you can’t understand them.  all you can do is 
kill them. and you got to kill every last one except, you 
never know.... it’s like the pod people, you know, maybe 
it’s spread to somebody else and then you’ve got to start 
killing them.”    —john judge, 21 feb 2005



ed curtin:



why i don’t speak of 9/11 anymore, sep 2016


the lies of 9/11 miracle workers - review of bush and cheney:

        how they ruined america and the world, 27 aug 2017



graeme macqueen: 



beyond their wildest dreams: sep 11 and the us left, 13 mar 2017


sep 11: the pentagon’s b-movie, 31 aug 2017



john judge:



september 11 omission report, 9 sep 2004


historical framework: deep politics & covert operations, 9 sep 2004


antidote to september 11 – exercising our imagination:


september 11 critical analysis, 16 feb 2002


what the 9/11 commission didn’t report, 21 feb 2005













john judge was an unparalleled historian of the us national security state.
an exemplar earthling, his loyalty was to the human race, not to a 
flag or a country.









 






michael hudson on junk economicsand debt cancellation, apr 2017


“how a society defines economic terms

and relationships will determine who controls it.”




  








i wanted to see how the economy worked [so in the 1960s] i went 
to work for banks on wall street as a statistician.  i became 
chase manhattan’s balance of payments economist.  i wanted 
to find out what is the deficit stemming from? the entire balance 
of payments deficit in the 1960s when i was working there came 
from the military spending abroad. so i found out it was really
the vietnam war and allied military spending.
 
i’ve been spending much of my effort for the last 30 years trying 
to see how the ancient near east and classical antiquity and medieval 
europe all solved their debt crises, basically writing a history of debt 
crisis showing that every economy has had to cancel the debt. so you 
could say all my work in economics since the 1960s, more than 50 years, 
is spent on seeing how society handles its debt crisis.
 
the industrial economy in america is essentially being emptied 
out in order to pay the stockowners and about 75 percent of 
stocks are owned by the richest 5 percent of the population.
so if you look at who owns the stock, it’s not the working class,
it’s not the middle class, it’s the super rich. the super rich
are saying, we’re willing to use all the corporate income to
run it down. basically, the 5 percent have decided that industrial
capitalism is over and it’s time to take the money and run.
and you take the money and run by just paying out all the income,
just to yourselves, leaving the corporation an empty shell.
 
that’s how the chicago boys introduced free markets into chile
after 1974 when pinochet took over from allende. it’s the
neoliberal model. it’s what happened in russia after the
neoliberals convinced russia to go along. it’s what’s
happening in greece when you’re just emptying out the economy
to pay the bond holders. it’s economic shrinkage. the trick 
is to get the middle class and the working class to think the 
stock market is them when the stock market isn’t themselves 
at all. it’s the five percent. 
 
greece is the future of where america is going now under the 
policies of clinton and obama and trump.  either you’re 
going to have barbarism or you’re going to have
a renovation of the economy which means the debt write-down,
anti-monopoly legislation, and prosecution of crooks.






 










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site





 







may 29, 2017







photo: gene smirnov



  





false mystery: essays on the jfk assassination

by vincent j. salandria



after more than a half century, the historical truth of the
assassination of president john f. kennedy has been finally
established beyond rational dispute. the kennedy assassination is
a false mystery. it was conceived by the conspirators to be a
false mystery which was designed to cause interminable debate.
the purpose of the protracted debate was to obscure what was quite
clearly and plainly a coup d’état. simply stated,
president kennedy was assassinated by our u.s. national security
state in order to abort his efforts to bring the cold war to a
peaceful conclusion.



—vincent salandria, 2016





released on the 100th anniversary of 
the birth of john fitzgerald kennedy, 
this an expanded 2017 digital edition.









 










50 years ago: riverside church and 

mlk’s final year of experiments with truth



by david t. ratcliffe


dr. william francis pepper, esq: 
martin luther king was much more than a civil rights leader and that’s
what no one in official capacity wants you to know. he had become effectively 
a world-figure in terms of human rights people and particularly the poor of 
this earth. that’s where he was going. that’s the area you 
don’t really get into safely when you start talking about redistributing 
wealth. diverting huge sums of money into social welfare programs and health 
programs and educational programs at the grass roots.  


when you start going into that you begin to tread on toes
in this country, in the united kingdom, and in most of the
western world. when you start associating with the poor of
this planet and the exploitation of what’s happened to whole
cultures and tribal cultures in africa in particular, and
you see the results of the exploitation of western colonial 
powers and when you want to see a movement to not only 
arrest that process which still goes forward today under
different guises but to actually reverse it and to give an
opportunity for people to control their destinies and their
own natural wealth, that’s dangerous ground to get on.


king was committed, increasingly, to that kind of political view.  he 
wept in india as early as ’60, ’61 when he was there. he
had never seen such poverty in such a massive scale.  ‘how 
can people live like this?’
there’s a lot of people live that like this.  why do people
live like this? most of america doesn’t see that. we are
a residentially segregated society forever. king saw that,
wanted to bridge it and the solutions were too radical,
too potentially dangerous. jefferson was an idol of his.
with all of jefferson’s foibles, remember he said, ‘you
need a revolution every 20 years. you need to sweep the
room clean every 20 years,’ said mr. jefferson. you need
that revolution.  king believed that as well.












needed: a martin luther king day of truth










    



william f. pepper, 21 june 2016




[t]he assassination of martin king, and all of the other assassinations
in the sixties...have to be seen in a historical context. you have to 
go back effectively, to the compelled death of socrates, work through 
caesar, all the way down and you will see whenever a ruling structure 
cannot control an errant leader, if they can’t control him in 
one way or another, ultimately they assassinate him. that has happened 
throughout history. americans don’t understand that, so they look
upon, as a kind of anomaly...the assassinations in the united states in the sixties, and they’re not. they are a part of a historical process
and must be viewed that way.  martin king had to be stopped. the only
way to stop him ultimately was to assassinate him and that’s
what they did.

—dr. william f. pepper, esq., 
on release of his book,
the plot to kill king, 21 jun 2016










by ed curtin:


a day of service is a disservice to the truth

        of mlk’s life, death, and witness,
14 jan 2017


the government that honors dr. martin luther king

        with a national holiday killed him,
10 dec 2016


by joseph e green:
the mlk 10-point program, 2013











 



william f. pepper with martin luther king, 1967

    



in his “little essays of love and virtue” 
havelock ellis, writing in 1922, 
during another period of heralded american prosperity, 
and perhaps sensing what lay ahead as there would be only seven years 
before economic disaster struck, said: “all civilisation has from 
time to time become a thin crust over a volcano of revolution”. 
this was, of course, the fear in 1967 and 1968. martin luther king jr 
was, for the transnational corporations, public enemy number one. he 
stood in the way of their inexorable consolidation of power. if he had 
played along as have many of his peers before and after, he would likely 
be with us today, a wealthy and honored man, a pillar of the state. but 
he did not choose to play that game and as we have seen the might of the 
steward state was brought to bear upon him, and to this day the pillars 
of the american republic continue to be supported by the same foundation 
stones of lies and greed which he was determined to crumble to dust and 
replace.

—william f. pepper, an act of state: the execution of martin luther king, p.267.










 










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site





 












john judge, leading change:

a transformational, quiet servant leader


2012 case study by cynthia mckinney


i decided that because of the brilliance and the dedication of this gentleman, 
that in my own phd leadership studies i would write a paper on him and the 
type of leadership that he demonstrates.... john judge is perhaps one of the 
most important unknown historians of our generation.



































 







proposed pipelines in tribal homelands


from aaron carapella, indigenous cartographer extraordinaire:


2 dec 2016: i have been working on this map for months. it is a gift 
to the community.  you can download your free pdf of this map 
here and use it 
for digital presentations or to print your own copy. you can also purchase 
it from me in a poster format. if any modifications need to be made, 
please don’t hesitate to let me know. we need to think about our 
mother earth and tribal rights before building pipelines.


file type: pdf; resolution: 3456 x 3960 points; size: 161 mb; 
page size: 48" x 55"







 



















360 degree view span




hiroshima peace memorial museum









montreal declaration for a nuclear-fission-free world


as 
citizens of this planet inspired by the second
thematic world social forum for a nuclear-fission-free world,
conducted in montreal from august 8 to august 12, 2016, we are
collectively calling for a mobilization of civil society around
the world to bring about the elimination of all nuclear weapons,
to put an end to the continued mass-production of all high-level
nuclear wastes by phasing out all nuclear reactors, and to bring
to a halt all uranium mining worldwide.

— includes ongoing news and developments —







fukushima dai-ichi melted down reactor units 3 and 4, mar 24, 2011








 










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site





 
















palestine is still the issue





by israeli historian ilan pappé




 




lawrence wilkerson, highest ranking us

foreign policy whistle blower to date, on:





israeli influence on 

u.s. foreign policy 














 















dr. martin luther king’s

1967 anti-war speech

and today


 



adapted by e. martin schotz



 



20 june 2016









 






welcome to the front door of


ratical.org




september 2015 marks the 20th anniversary 
of this publication library.

four 2015 essays express two primary interests of this project:



1. keep the balance - john 
trudell’s understanding of 
what it means to be 
a human being

2. increasing consciousness - 
outgrowing our us exceptionalism myth by
facing us settler colonialism

3. an expanding light to dispel the darkness: 
a new movement to ban nuclear weapons

4. dr. john w. gofman: his life, and 
research on the health effects of exposure to ionizing radiation





 







dr. john w. gofman























his life, and research on the health effects

of exposure to ionizing radiation


dr. gofman did more than most other
medical scientists to warn people about the health effects and dangers
of exposure to low dose radiation.  he earned a ph.d. in nuclear/physical
chemistry at uc berkeley in 1943 where his graduate advisor was glenn
seaborg. he co-discovered uranium 232 and 233 and was the leader of the
plutonium group at ucb for the manhattan project, where he produced
the first 1.2 milligrams of plutonium for j. robert oppenheimer. he
went on to receive his m.d. degree from ucsf in 1946. he successfully
identified high density and low density lipoproteins and made a
number of other major discoveries involving cholesterol, coronary
heart disease, arteriosclerosis, and especially cancer. in 1963 he
was asked by the atomic energy commission to establish and become the
first director of the biomedical research division at lawrence
livermore national laboratory to study the “implications of all
nuclear energy programs upon man in the biosphere.” in 1969
he and his colleague dr. arthur tamplin publicly concluded that the
dangers of exposure to low-level ionizing radiation were much greater
than previously acknowledged and that there was no evidence of a
risk-free dose of radiation. by 1973 the us government had de-funded
gofman’s livermore lab research on chromosomes and cancer.
he returned to teaching full-time at ucb and chose an early and
active “retirement” in 1974 as professor emeritus of
molecular and cell biology, devoting the next 30 years to pro-bono
research into human health-effects from radiation. dr. gofman produced
a wealth of published works that have increased understanding and
awareness of the biological hazards of low-level ionizing radiation and was
a vital voice of intelligence and clarity calling for the cessation of
further nuclear pollution of grandmother earth.









 









welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site





 







august 2015: 70 years ago, nuclear weapons made extinction of all life on earth possible.

that prospective reality never went away and its chances keep increasing.

if we do not abolish nuclear weapons they will surely abolish us.


 


announcing a library set of materials from the feb 28-mar 1 
helen caldicott foundation’s


 





symposium: the dynamics of possible nuclear extinction




 


find within 
symposium background,
complete transcripts 
of 8 speakers,
mp3s
of all speakers + q&as,
other 
educational materials, and 
means to 
engage with people working to
abolish nuclear weapons.


 




 






  








 





it is the non-nuclear-weapon states on whom we must depend to drive a
process to ban nuclear weapons, to stigmatize them, to make them 
socially and politically unacceptable, to make it harder for nations 
to get away with possessing and upgrading them, and to help the 
nuclear-weapon states overcome this awful, debilitating addiction.
this flips the traditional arms-control approach on its head. the
humanitarian initiative is about empowering and mobilizing the
rest of the world to say “enough.” it is about
shifting the debate from “acceptable,”
“safe” numbers of nuclear warheads to their
fundamental inhumanity and incompatibility with basic standards
of civilized behaviour. it is about taking away from the
nuclear-armed states the power to dictate the terms of the debate
and to set the agenda—and refusing to perpetuate their
exceptionalism.
                        
—tim 
wright, “a new movement to ban nuclear weapons”





from: 
chris jordan photographic
arts: “edge-walking the lines between beauty
and horror, abstraction and representation, the near and the far,
the visible and the invisible, jordan’s images confront the
enormous power of humanity’s collective will.” 

e pluribus unum
depicts the names of one million organizations around the world
that are devoted to peace, environmental stewardship, social
justice, and the preservation of diverse and indigenous culture.
the actual number of such organizations is unknown, but estimates
range between one and two million, and growing.






while there are a wealth of disturbing facts visualized by jordan,
still, as with all the eternal opposites, forever joined like 
two sides of a coin, there is also the “enormous 
power of humanity’s collective will” to understand and
be informed by. this power is what we must 
all engage, direct, and
focus, to close the book on the possibility of nuclear annihilation for 
the sake of the children, all we share earth with, and all yet to be 
born and live out their lives here long, long, long after we are gone.




e
pluribus unum, 2010      24x24 feet, laser etched onto aluminum panels




 





 










welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site





 









the historical arc, past and present, of




united states settler colonialism




colonization, dispossession, genocide forms the core of us history, the very source of the country’s existence



will it be the future as well?   the choice is ours


 















 


the history of the united states is a history of 

settler colonialism driven by land theft & genocide


outgrowing the us theology of progress


 








 







“let all that is indian within you die.”



      —carlisle indian school commencement speech





















watch

complete 

film

documentary

online while 

you can





 


schooling the world



the white man’s last burden



 


if you wanted to change an ancient culture in a generation, how would you do it?


you would change the way it educates its children.



schoolingtheworld.org


 





click on

an image

to see 

hi res

and read

about it













“to civilize the indians...immerse them in our civilization...
and when we get them under...hold them there until they are
thoroughly soaked.”


 


—general richard pratt, founder 

of the carlisle indian school


 


“real freedom will come only when we free ourselves of the
domination of western education, western culture, and the western
way of living.”


 


—mahatma gandhi


 


“the american flag has 

not been planted in foreign 

soil to acquire territory 

but for humanity’s sake.”


 


william mckinley

campaign poster, july 2, 1900 




 














 























exponentially inspired playing




 


the 2014-15 louisville leopard percussionists (4th-6th graders) rehearsing 
kashmir, the ocean, and immigrant song by led zeppelin.
the louisville leopard percussionists began in 1993. they are a performing 
ensemble of approximately 55 student musicians, ages 7-12, living in and 
around louisville, kentucky. each student learns and acquires proficiency 
on several instruments, such as marimbas, xylophone, vibraphone, drum set, 
timbales, congas, bongos and piano.

    the 
louisville 
leopard percussionists is a non-profit organization offering 
extracurricular music opportunities to local children at little or no 
cost. please help them keep their program going by donating at 
http://bit.ly/louleopardsdonate.





led zeppelin from the 10 december 2007 

celebration day recording of kashmir









 















accountability? we don't need no steenkeen accountability!





 


satirists of the brilliance expressed by 
mike luckovich (atlanta 
journal-constitution “cartoonist”) tower above the 
pedestrian level of puerile infotainment pundit-commentators, providing incisive 
critical analysis of actual reality transpiring on the world scene.  it 
was refreshing to see mike’s march 27 “forebears” printed 
as the daily cartoon in friday’s boston globe opinion section.  
john judge 
(rest in peace) 
liked to point out how, ‘you don’t need to read the news 
– you can get a much more accurate depiction of world events by 
simply reading the cartoons!’


 


“in the frontier wars between 1607 and 1814, americans forged two 
elements – unlimited war and irregular war – into their first 
way of war which is still their way of war.  i make throughout the book, 
connections between the u.s. military today and its foundation in these 
unrelenting wars that actually went up through 1890 and then moved overseas 
to the philippines and the caribbean with the same generals in the 
philippines who had been fighting the sioux and the cheyenne in the northern 
plains.”


 


—roxanne 
dunbar-ortiz, speaking at the 
green apple used bookstore in 
san francisco, december 4, 2014, on her new book, 
an indigenous peoples’
history of the united states, published in september 2014 by beacon 
press.  (the recording of this, part 
one 
(from 14:43 to 15:31) 
of two 
is available from
time of useful consciousness radio). 


from the author’s note (page xiii):

    
“i’ve come to realize that a new periodization of us history is 
needed that traces the indigenous experience as opposed to the following 
standard division: colonial, revolutionary, jacksonian, civil war and
reconstruction, industrial revolution and gilded age, overseas imperialism,
progressivism, world war i, depression, new deal, world war ii, cold war,
and vietnam war, followed by contemporary decades. i altered this
periodization to better reflect indigenous experience but not as radically
as needs to be done. this is an issue much discussed in current native
american scholarship.

    
“i also wanted to set aside the rhetoric of race, not because race and
racism are unimportant but to emphasize that native peoples were colonized
and deposed of their territories as distinct peoples - hundreds of nations
- not as a racial or ethnic group. "colonization," "dispossession,"
"settler colonialism," "genocide" - these are the terms that drill to the
core of us history, to the very source of the country’s existence.

    
“the charge of genocide, once unacceptable by establishment academic and
political classes when applied to the united states, has gained currency as
evidence of it has mounted, but it is too often accompanied by an
assumption of disappearance. so i realized it was crucial to make the
reality and significance of indigenous peoples’ survival clear throughout
the book. indigenous survival as peoples is due to centuries of resistance
and storytelling passed through the generations, and i sought to
demonstrate that this survival is dynamic, not passive. surviving genocide,
by whatever means, is resistance: non-indians must know this in order to
more accurately understand the history of the united states.

    
“my hope is that this book will be a springboard to dialogue about 
history, the present reality of indigenous peoples’ experience, and 
the meaning and future of the united states itself.”












 









welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site





 














time of useful consciousness radio


 


p r e s e n t s


 


how the west caused the crisis in ukraine


 


part 
one: john mearsheimer


summary:  on january 10, 2015 evanston neighbors for peace 
organized an event with two eminent speakers, 
john mearsheimer, 
professor at the university of chicago and rick rozoff the foremost 
investigator of nato, the north atlantic treaty organization.


 


in part one prof. mearsheimer spoke about the origins of the crisis 
and how to avert the ever heightening risk of war between the united states 
and russia. he gave an update of his acclaimed article in the 
magazine foreign affairs: 
“why 
the ukraine crisis is the west’s fault.”


 


john mearsheimer is 
professor 
of political science and the co-director of 

the 
program 
on international security policy at the 
university of chicago.


 


part 
two: rick rozoff


it is widely acknowledged that the expansion eastward of nato is 
a major provocation of russia and a 
huge and under-reported factor in the origins and the conduct of the war 
in ukraine.
few investigative journalists follow the day to day politics of nato
- that are directed largely by the us - as closely as rick rozoff. 
he is the manager of 
stop nato international
and has been an active opponent of war, militarism and intervention for over 
40 years. he writes on the threat of international militarization and 
the globalization of nato.


 


part three: 
john mearsheimer - question & answer


this is an urgent appeal to pay attention to the crisis in ukraine 
where the two largest nuclear powers, the us and russia are in 
direct and escalating confrontation.
mearsheimer states emphatically that in the prevailing wisdom in the 
west, the ukraine crisis is blamed almost entirely on russian aggression. 
but this account is wrong says mearsheimer: the united states and its 
european allies share most of the responsibility for the crisis.
questions in this q & a period range from who engineered the 
february 2014 coup in ukraine, to what role the neo-nazis play.


 


credits: thanks to dale lehman, wzrd chicago, for the recording









 














imagine running out of imagine

mistaking authority for power

weaving lifes free spirit       

into patterns of control


—john trudell, “iktomi,”


    lines from a mined mind, p.259





find out about the complete 2014 documentary: 

alive 
inside - the story of music & memory


 


dan cohen, 
founder of the nonprofit organization 
music & memory, 
confronts a broken healthcare system to demonstrate music’s 
ability to combat memory loss and restore a deep sense of self to 
those suffering from it.

the political system we find ourselves navigating our lives within 
cannot make life healthier because all such agendas as so-called
health care are based on profit, not human needs.


 










 














8 december 2014


fifteenth anniversary of verdict in the martin luther king murder trial



the  trial of the 20th century


 


fifteen
years
ago
today 
the jury reached its verdict in the only trial 
ever held for the murder of dr. martin luther king, jr. the trial was
conducted in the circuit court of shelby county, memphis, tennessee. 
it began on november 15 and lasted fourteen days.  the plaintiffs were coretta 
scott king, martin luther king, iii, bernice king, dexter scott king and 
yolanda king. the defendants were loyd jowers and other unknown conspirators. 
this is the most important trial of the 20th century, and yet most people
have never heard of it.  


 


a complete hypertext transcript of the trial is 
available here on 
rat haus reality.  a good place to start reading this document 
are the closing 
statements in volume 
14.  the king 
family press conference held the day after the trial is another 
starting point. other than the courtroom participants, only memphis tv 
reporter wendell 
stacy and 
jim 
douglass attended that historic trial from beginning to end. 
douglass’ article, 
“the
martin luther king conspiracy exposed in memphis,” 
published in probe magazine 
in spring 2000, is an excellent introduction. see also 
douglass valentine’s 
“who 
killed martin luther king?” and
“deconstructing
kowalski,” as well as 
william pepper’s 
talk at the modern times bookstore on the release of his book, 
an act of state - the execution of martin
luther king (verso, 2003).









 













welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site





 






  john judge (1947-2014)  

 

alternate historian, renowned researcher, educator, investigator, advocate for real democracy


remarks delivered at the celebration of the life of john patrick judge

national press club, washington dc, 31 may 2014



a remembrance by david ratcliife



countering military recruitment by pat elder



randy benson’s video archive dedication of john’s life’s work:
judge for yourself










 









 














back online: 

worldwatchers archive

a tribute to mae brussell

an exemplar and the most prolific anti-fascist political researcher of the latter half of the 20th century.






 






 






“our weapons dictate what we are to do. 
they force us into awful corners.

they give us our living, they sustain our economy, 
they bolster up our politicians,

they sell our mass media, in short we live by them.

but if they continue to rule us we will also most 
surely die by them.”

thomas merton, 
cold
war letters (maryknoll, n.y.: orbis books, 2006), p. 65. 












trying not to give peace 
a chance: (the ukraine in 50 years of context)

by ray mcgovern, consortiumnews, 20 apr 2014






10 june 1963



the real jubilee




jfk american university address:

calling for an end to the cold war















10 june 2013:

fifty years ago president kennedy gave the commencement 
address to the graduating class at american university. in his book, 
the improbable triumvirate: john f. kennedy, pope john, nikita 
khrushchev, saturday review editor norman cousins summed 
up the significance of that remarkable speech: “at american 
university on june 10, 1963, president kennedy proposed an end to the 
cold war.” khrushchev called the american university address 
“the greatest speech by any american president since 
roosevelt.” this is the real jubilee of 2013, not 22 november.



see also: 

transformational journey:
john f. kennedy’s turning toward peace





 













learn
about

project
unspeakable: what do the ‘unspeakable’ 1960s 
assassinations of jfk, malcolm x, martin luther king, and bobby kennedy 
have to do with the ‘unspeakables’ of today? an opportunity to 
join with truth-telling.

‘project unspeakable’ asks the big questions, npr, 30 nov 2013 (05:33 mins)





















welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site














we 
are 
all  





  one 
family



















“
y
ou
can 
jail 
the 
resisters 
but 
not 
the 
resistance”

by leonard eiger, ground zero center for nonviolent action, 21 feb 2014




“we are truly human when we act responsibly to restore 
harmony and act with love and compassion 
to restore truth, 

transparency and the equitable distribution of 
the resources endowed by our common creator.” 

                                                                —sister megan rice

“we were fulfilling our right and duty according to the us-signed 
nuremberg charter that if one knows of one’s government committing a 
war crime, one has a right and a duty to take steps to try to stop that 
crime.” 

                                                                —greg boertje-obed

“in heaven jesus has no arsenal of nuclear weapons. and as we pray 
in the our father prayer: 

‘here on earth as it is in 
heaven.’ ... nuclear weapons are a product of hell and we need to 
send them back there.” 

                                                        —michael walli

“letters from a georgia jail: anti-nuclear activists await sentencing,” 

by david cook, religion & politics, january 22, 2014














intelligence & surveillance




“by leaking 
a 
handful of nsa documents, 
edward snowden has 
given us a glimpse of future u.s. global policy and the changing 
architecture of power on this planet.”

surveillance blowback -
the making of the u.s. surveillance state, 1898-2020,

by alfred 
w. mccoy, tomdispatch.com, 14 jul 2013

  and must listen: 
35 min. 7/24/13
mccoy i-view on jeff blankfort’s 
takes 
on the world prog

              + 
maria gilardin’s 
29 min. 
broadcast quality production of same 
from tucradio.org.






but then it must be asked if we can remove cultural value from one
part of our lives without destroying it also in the other parts. can
we justify secrecy, lying, and burglary in our so-called intelligence
organizations and yet preserve openness, honesty, and devotion to 
principle in the rest of our government? can we subsidize mayhem in
the military establishment and yet have peace, order, and respect
for human life in the streets? can we degrade all forms of essential
work and yet expect arts and graces to flourish on weekends? and can
we ignore all questions of value on the farm and yet have them 
answered affirmatively in the grocery store and the household?

    the
answer is that, though such distinctions can be made theoretically,
they cannot be preserved in practice. values may be corrupted or
abolished in only one discipline at the start, but the damage must
sooner or later spread to all; it can no more be confined than air 
pollution. if we corrupt agriculture we corrupt culture, for in
nature and within certain invariable social necessities we are one
body, and what afflicts the hand will afflict the brain.

the 
unsettling of america: culture and agriculture, by wendell barry 

(san francisco: sierra club books, 1977), p. 91.









  






6 
june 
2013—edward snowden[1][2][3][4]:
i’m just another guy who sits there, day to day, in the office, watches 
what’s happening, and goes, “this is something that’s not 
our place to decide. the public needs to decide whether 
these [surveillance] 
programs and policies are right or wrong.” and i’m willing to go 
on the record to defend the authenticity of them and say, “i didn’t 
change these. i didn’t modify the story. this is the truth. this is 
what’s happening. you should decide whether we need to be doing 
this.”

    
yeah, i could be, you know, rendered by the cia. i could have people come after 
me or any of their third-party partners....  and that’s a fear i’ll 
live under for the rest of my life, however long that happens to be. you 
can’t come forward against the world’s most powerful intelligence 
agencies and be completely free from risk, because they’re such powerful 
adversaries that no one can meaningfully oppose them. if they want to get you, 
they’ll get you, in time.








we forget ... that violence is so securely founded among us—in war, 
in forms of land use, in various methods of economic “growth” and 
“development”—because it is immensely profitable. people 
do not become wealthy by treating one another or the world kindly and with 
respect. do we not need to remember this? do we have a single eminent 
leader who would dare to remind us?

—wendell berry, 
“the 
commerce of violence,” the progressive, june 2013






 





welcome to       

rat haus reality     







     enter the site






