










linux terminal server project
























          skip to content
        















            linux terminal server project
          



            
              about
            
          



































            initializing search
          












    github
  















    linux terminal server project
  






    github
  







    about
  







    documentation
  








            documentation
          




    preparation
  







    installation
  








            installation
          




    raspberry pi os
  








    personal package archive
  





    netboot clients
  










    man pages
  








            man pages
          




    ltsp
  





    ltsp.conf
  





    ltsp-dnsmasq
  





    ltsp-image
  





    ltsp-info
  





    ltsp-initrd
  





    ltsp-ipxe
  





    ltsp-kernel
  





    ltsp-nfs
  





    ltsp-remoteapps
  










    guides
  








            guides
          




    chat room
  





    coding
  





    isc dhcp server
  





    markdown
  





    netconsole
  





    proposed ppa
  





    pxelinux
  





    specifications
  





    snap
  





    versioning
  








    support
  

















about¶

linux terminal server project helps in netbooting lan clients from a single template installation that resides in a virtual machine image or a chroot on the ltsp server, or the server root (/, chrootless). this way maintaining tens or hundreds of diskless clients is as easy as maintaining a single pc.
ltsp has been redesigned and rewritten from scratch in 2019 by alkisg in order to support new technologies like systemd, updated desktop environments, wayland, uefi etc. only the new version is actively developed, while the old one is now called ltsp5 and is in minimal maintenance mode.
ltsp automatically configures and uses the following tools:

ipxe: network boot loader that shows the initial client boot menu and loads the kernel/initrd.
dnsmasq or isc-dhcp-server: dhcp server that assigns ips to the clients, or proxydhcp server when another dhcp server is used, e.g. a router.
dnsmasq or tftpd-hpa: tftp server that sends ipxe/kernel/initrd to the clients.
dnsmasq: optional dns server for dns caching or blacklisting.
mksquashfs: creates a compressed copy of the template image/chroot/vm to be used as the client root /.
nfs or nbd: serve the squashfs image to the network.
tmpfs and overlayfs: make the squashfs image temporarily writable for each client, similiarly to live cds.
nfs or sshfs: access the user's /home directory which resides on the server.
ssh or sshfs or ldap: authenticate users against the server.

what are you waiting for? continue to the installation page!









      copyright © 2000-2023 the ltsp developers

  
  
    made with
    
      material for mkdocs
    












