









grenadines and bequia crewed sailing yacht charters






























































 




 grenadines sailing charters customized sailing holidays in the grenadines 

 

skip to content
home
yachts

yachts list
calliope

calliope pictures


feline good
genesis
illusion
imagination
island time

island time pictures


jambalaya

jambalaya pictures


lady white
grenadines-sailing


itineraries

grenadines itineraries


islands

bequia

map of bequia


canouan
mayreau
tobago cays
union island
petit saint vincent (psv)
around the grenadines

st. vincent
barbados
martinique




weather

weather in the grenadines
current weather and forecasts for the grenadines
storms and hurricanes


contact us
faq
 



 
home grenadines and bequia crewed sailing yacht charters
  
 



grenadines and bequia crewed sailing yacht charters

grenadines sailing charters
the ideal way to explore the islands of st. vincent and the grenadines is sailing with a crewed charter yacht.
get yourself settled just once, relax, and enjoy the cruise. let one of our experienced crews be your hosts in this sailing paradise!
they have been here for years, know the islands inside out, will take care of everything according to your preferences.
the grenadines are always selected as one of the top unspoiled island destinations, also as best sailing destination by prestigious travel magazines.
we highly recommend that you spend at least part of your vacation to the grenadines on one of our crewed charter yachts.
sailing trips could be as short as 3 days if you take a one way trip south just to see the highlights.
please click here to see some sample itineraries.
about us:
we specialize in tailor-made holiday packages for travelers to these pristine little islands in the caribbean.
we are independent yacht brokers/sailors/charter crew, based right here in the grenadines. after having combined the charter sailing and charter brokerage we are now fully concentrating on recommending the ideal yacht for you, yours, and your budget.
why book through us: we have visited all of the listed yachts personally and will recommend the most suitable yacht for your party without bias. we are based in the windward islands, so we frequently personally visit most of the yachts listed, both in our capacity as yacht brokers, consultants and as personal friends.
how to get here:
the grenadines are truly an unspoiled island destination, it will take a bit of an effort to get here.
st. vincent now has an international airport with direct flights from canada and the usa, which is very convenient.
alternatively: at the moment the major gateway is barbados, from there you fly either liat or svg air to the grenadines. another option is grenada, liat has a direct flight to st. vincent and canouan.
we will assist you with flight planning, villa/hotel accommodation, our patience is endless, we are here to answer any question you may have!
we can also assist you to arrange inter-island flights.
here are some suggestions and faq to get you started.
for now, we invite you to explore our site in anticipation of your tropical island vacation. you’ll find information about the islands, weather,  maps, sailing yachts, villas, hotels, flights and much more.
please contact us with any questions you may have, we look forward to welcoming you to the grenadines.
warm and sunny greetings, maria
tell your friends 


 comments are closed.




 





email us: grenadines@islandtimeholidays.com 

copyright © islandtimeholidays.com 
	powered by nirvana &
	  wordpress.









  




this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								












save & accept










 










homeyachts▼yachts listcalliope▼calliope picturesfeline goodgenesisillusionimaginationisland time▼island time picturesjambalaya▼jambalaya pictureslady whitegrenadines-sailingitineraries▼grenadines itinerariesislands▼bequia▼map of bequiacanouanmayreautobago caysunion islandpetit saint vincent (psv)around the grenadines▼st. vincentbarbadosmartiniqueweather▼weather in the grenadinescurrent weather and forecasts for the grenadinesstorms and hurricanescontact usfaq 
















