













home | global atlantic financial group

























































































      skip to main content
    






         







  
 







  
main navigation            search  







  
    login  







  
            individuals      professionals       for professionals onlyfinancial professionalsindependent agent (employer plans)unregistered bank producerpreneed representative/funeral home     institutions      investors      investors        investorsinvestor relationsfinancial statementsinvestor presentations        careers      contact us       







  
                        search global atlantic        


fulltext search







           achieve your goals            everyone has a different goal for their financial future. let us help you match the right strategy to reach your goal.      achieve your goals          accumulate more for retirementbuild a lifetime income "paycheck"protect yourself and people you loveleave a lasting legacy              explore our products            we create products that fit your financial needs and are best for you. not the other way around.      annuity products          fixed index annuities       fixed index annuities      foreaccumulation iiforeincome iiincome 150+ se      fixed annuities       fixed annuities      forecaresecurefore        registered index-linked annuity       registered index-linked annuity      forestructured growthforestructured growth ii new!      income annuity       income annuity      forecertain      variable annuity       variable annuity      foreinvestors choicelegacy products and performance          additional products & resources    funeral planning      pension risk transfer      life insurance resources and forms      tools & calculators              about global atlantic            through the power of our purpose-driven culture, we strive to leave a lasting impact on our employees' and clients' lives.      about global atlantic       who we are       who we are      culturecorporate responsibilitycontact us        our story       our story      leadershipinvestor relationsnewsroom        working here       working here      careersinternshipslocations                log in  
       
















      in observance of new year's day, our offices will close tuesday, december 31 at 5 p.m. eastern time and remain closed through january 1.  
 

      why global atlantic?      annuities      reinsurance      
       helping you build the future you want   whether you’re an individual or an institution, you have a trusted partner with the history, track record, and strength necessary to help you achieve your financial goals and secure the future you deserve.    meet global atlantic  







  
           experience the advantage of annuities   we create annuities that can help you plan for and live in retirement – with options for accumulating savings, generating income, preparing for long-term care expenses, and even leaving a legacy.    learn more about our annuities  







  
           building long-term institutional partnerships   we are a leading provider of capital and risk management solutions serving the in-force and new business flow needs of global retirement and life insurance companies.    see our reinsurance solutions  







  
     

  how can global atlantic help you?           targeted solutions to help youretire with confidence    find out how  







  
      tailored institutional strategies forcapital and risk management    find out how  







  
      meet your needs withhighly rated financial strength    see our ratings  







  
      career opportunitiescome grow with us    explore opportunities  







  
       
          integrity is core to our cultureglobal atlantic is committed to serving our clients and our communities. our culture is deeply rooted in integrity. we operate the business, design and develop our products and solutions, and support our communities guided by a conviction for doing what’s right.    join our team  







  
    

          
   our commitment to diversity   we’ve made diversity, equity, and inclusion a key area of focus at global atlantic. by committing to our people, our community, and our workplace, we’re creating an environment that celebrates, nurtures, and develops all backgrounds and experiences.     learn more  







  

 
       
   retirement income style quiz   how do you want to fund your retirement? take our short, 10-question quiz to gain a better understanding of your style. whether you favor a probability-based or safety-first approach, having a clearer picture of your preferences will help you work with your financial professional to determine the best income strategy for you.     take the quiz  







  

 
       
   proven success helping institutional clients   we’ve built a solid track record of success helping our institutional clients solve their business needs.     see our track record  







  

 
   











            terms & conditions      privacy center      report fraud      complaint form      continuity      accessibility            

        


this material is intended to provide educational information regarding either the features and mechanics of the product or for general reference/education and is intended for use with the general public. it should not be considered, and does not constitute, personalized investment advice. the issuing insurance company is not an investment adviser nor registered as such with the sec or any state securities regulatory authority. it’s not acting in any fiduciary capacity with respect to any contract and/or investment.


prospectuses: forestructured growth & forestructured ii


products, features, and marketing materials are subject to state and firm availability and variations. read the contract for complete details.


annuities are issued by forethought life insurance company, 10 west market street, suite 2300, indianapolis, indiana. variable annuities are underwritten and distributed by global atlantic distributors, llc.


life insurance products are issued by and all policy benefits are the responsibility of accordia life and annuity company, 215 10th street, des moines, iowa. accordia life is subsidiary of global atlantic financial group limited.


reinsurance transactions are entered into by global atlantic re limited, 16 church st, washington house fifth floor, hamilton, bermuda, commonwealth annuity and life insurance company or one of their affiliates. reinsurance is placed, where required by applicable law, by global atlantic risk advisors, l.p., a licensed reinsurance intermediary and subsidiary of global atlantic financial group limited.


global atlantic financial group (global atlantic) is the marketing name for the global atlantic financial group llc and its subsidiaries, including accordia life and annuity company, commonwealth annuity and life insurance company, forethought life insurance company and global atlantic re limited. each subsidiary is responsible for its own financial and contractual obligations. these subsidiaries are not authorized to do business in new york.


3238468.2





    © 2025 global atlantic   






























































































