
cebu philippines portal - cebu visitors guide and more by wa'y blima!






















































welcome! wa'y blima! cebu is a web portal to cebu, in the philippines, for cebuanos and visitors alike. what does wa'y blima! mean? it's cebuano slang for "no problem!"

	







	quick links
	





cebu visitors guide


cebu web directory


cebu photo gallery


cebu jeepneys


cebu diving


japanese version








we are currently actively seeking netizens of cebu city or other parts of the province to help update this site with current articles and news of events. if you are a long-time resident of cebu and absolutely enthralled with living in the best place on earth day in, day out, then get in touch. you can be pinoy or an expatriate who has been in the philippines, like, forever (about ten years). the only requirements are excellent writing ability, including but not limited to perfect grammar and spelling, as well as a zesty, energetic, proactive outlook on life on the island. oh, and we pay next to nothing. but hey, if you need an excuse to get out of the house and get out and about around town, this is probably as good as it gets. 

	




http://www.wayblima.com/tapered.gif>





















cebu visitors guide












cebu web directory












	featuring hundreds of original articles about cebu, philippines, our cebu visitors' guide is the most comprehensive guide to cebu island, covering food, culture, activities such as diving, cebu real estate, plus lots more.

		










	the cebu web directory is the ultimate directory of 
	filipino web sites and businesses with a presence in cebu, philippines. if it ain't in our directory, it don't exist! 







cebu web directory





cebu businesses






 



























search our site


































apologies









	this website is no longer updated regularly. some of the information is out of date. you are stepping back in time  
	if you are browsing the content of this website. however, some parts haven't changed and probably never will. 

	














forums












archive











our forums have been discontinued as of oct 20, 2009. thank you to all those who supported our 
forums despite the lack of any moderation or energy from the administrators. 



		










		our archive of past published material includes resto quest, 
		opinion, 
		cebu style, and party channel.  

		
		



 
















thanks!












partners











profuse thanks to all those who kindly took the time to send us tips and information, as well as suggestions, comments, and testimonials. salamat! 
 



		









free travel guides and vacation activities
project management software
furnace reviews
decorative metal fencing




 












about | privacy policy
 | contact


site copyright - wayblima.com 2004-2011








	disclaimer
	












while utmost efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the information provided by this website, any work produced by humans is susceptible to inadvertent errors. please verify all important information in advance by calling the establishment in question directly.  we will not be held responsible if your plans get totally messed up because you didn't double-check something important in advance before coming to cebu, philippines. 

		






 


















