



  









tomahawk mx | wv's premier motocross track

























































                wv's premier motocross track            




info [at] tomahawkmx.com ()














tomahawk mx


                        wv's premier motocross track                    
 









homefaqsmembershippractice scheduletrack inforv hookupsdirectionslodging in our areafood in our areatmx defense fundlinksrace scheduleshopcontact












































 







863 tomahawk run rd
hedgesville, wv 25427
 view directions







 
 







 view race schedule







  
 


 






















hedgesville weather
 
 






















track updates and announcements

 





























kids/beginner track recently is now located by the garage.


 
last update tuesday november 5, 2024 3:05 pm
 






 







click here for full practice schedule

 






















save daily on riding with us with a yearly membership. with discounted members ride days the last wednesday of the month!

 













learn more!

 
























 













update effective february 2025
new minor release form information. both parents need to sign the minor release and it needs to be brought with the minor rider on the practice day.  
click here for the minor release information

 
























 

























upcoming events





 
march 16, 2025
 district 6/district 13 
 


 
march 29 - 30, 2025
 mdra/pamx 
 




view schedule











rv rentals for race weekends
rent rv spots close to the track. they are first come, first serve.
rv rentals are close to the track and include electric and water!
for non race weekends, hookups are available for $30 a night! please ask at the sign in cabin when entering to reserve your spot!
reserve now




 























we are now offering storage space for your bike.
if interested please use the contact form or email here at chadg [at] tomahawkmx.com. thanks!

 















 























beautiful ride-in/ride-out style apartment for rent for tmx riders!
apartment is on owners property and adjacent to track, so you can park your bikes and when you're ready to ride in the morning, ride the trail system to the track.
check here availability for upcoming dates online!
reserve now

 
























 













from the founder and creator of racingjunk comes a new platform for buying and selling. follow people you know, follow your home town and keep track of items you're looking for.
get started today!

 



























  
   
 


 












 














west virginia's premier motocross track located in hedgesville, wv.










visit us



 863 tomahawk run roadhedgesville, wv 25427











hours



wednesday 11am-5pm


saturday 9am-3pm


sunday 9am-3pm
















 



 






 







