



	the original caramel apple | buy caramel apples online | affy tapple





















skip to main content











fb



twitter



instagram



googleplus



pintrest



cart



search



point-left



point-right



phone



envelop



bubbles














$15 off $50 with yum15









site search





login
                            /register


my account 
                            /log out














affy tapple

 
 








site search








menu


save $5 off $30 with code tapple30
 



shop caramel apples


shop affy tapple products


fundraising


factory store


about us


history of affy tapple


redefining quality


how affy tapples are made


factory store


in the community


faqs


contact us






join our team




login
                    /register


my account 
                    /log out















shop valentine sprinkle   best selling 24-packs 

  customers love these treats  








the original peanut caramel apple 24-pack





the original plain caramel apple 24-pack





milk chocolate and caramel dipped pretzel rods, case of 18





chocolaty peanut caramel apple 12-pack





the original peanut caramel apple 12-pack





chocolate candy gourmet caramel apple





the original plain caramel apple 12-pack





rainbow sprinkle caramel apple 12-pack





the original peanut caramel apple 6-pack





the original plain caramel apple 6-pack





rainbow sprinkle caramel apple 24-pack





the original peanut caramel apple 3-pack










stay up-to-date on great deals & new products!


newsletter signup














cases of 24 available   shipping nationwide 


the original - since 1948 
meet your fundraising goals  sprinkles for every season 


 
 



our story
75 years and counting
since our founding in 1948, affy tapple — the creator of the original caramel apple — has been a chicago and midwest tradition. the caramel apples we introduced to the marketplace 75 years ago still use the same delicious recipe today, eaten by generations of customers in chicago and beyond! we’re proud to have had our products in local grocery stores throughout chicagoland and to continue to be a favorite for families. today, our caramel apples come in many varieties — from classic peanut to options topped with chocolate chips, or all kinds of candy bar pieces.
learn about us







 
 



 
just some of our customer reviews



just as i remembered: lots of caramel & peanuts with a crisp apple!




the only caramel apple that i will eat!




a favorite of mine since i was a little kid & just as good 45 years later.





order caramel apples
thanks to our online shop, you don’t even have to live in chicagoland to bring the classic taste of the original peanut caramel apple, the original plain caramel apple, and our other delicious caramel apple flavors to your home. buy our bulk caramel apples year-round and send affy tapple nationwide! whatever kind you like, affy tapple caramel apples are perfect desserts for football games, holiday parties, hayrides, family get-togethers and more. purchase caramel apples to keep a supply on hand for family and friends, or simply enjoy all to yourself.
looking for more than a few cases? if you're a large food retailer, please contact us at 847-588-2900 to discuss wholesale caramel apple orders. if you're interested in ordering caramel apples for your employees or customers, please contact our corporate team at 847-929-6555.
whether you call us a caramel apple, a taffy apple, a candy apple or affy tapple, we know you’ll love our classic apple snacks. affy tapple has maintained a loyal following for generations by using fresh, crisp apples dipped in our famous, small-batch caramel and rolled in fun toppings. using the same caramel-covered apple recipe for 70 years, we’re a perennial favorite for kids of all ages. shop our bulk caramel apples online, and place your order today to taste for yourself!
shop our caramel apples















my account

wishlist
address book
order history
shopping cart
logout
sign in







customer service

contact us
return policy
nutritional and allergy statements
shipping information
commitment to food safety







about affy tapple

redefining quality
our caramel apples
factory store
faqs
blog




terms of use
privacy policy
do not sell or
	share my information
limit the use of my
	sensitive information
website accessibility
site map







questions? call
(847) 588-2900





 
 
 






stay up-to-date on great deals & new products!


newsletter signup









©2025 affy tapple







close

















