




  






wall beds manufacturing






















































































call us at
419-229-5399


























toggle navigation






beds  

customizable options


products
build a wall bed  

submit your design


who we are  

what make us different
who we serve
testimonials
faq


see our work
blog
contact us












we fit in the spaces that matter most
manufacturer of space-saving murphy-style wall beds and custom cabinetry







looking for extra living space?
get the best of both worlds: extra space and top notch quality with our beautiful designs. you won’t find a murphy sized bed like this anywhere else. 
design your bed










doing it right the first time everytime





melamine / laminates


the rustic series
convert an extra room into a beautiful multifunctional space affo...

details







melamine / laminates


the haven series
convert any room with this stylish, budget-friendly wall bed with...

details







natural wood veneer


the charleston series
this is sophistication at its finest. 
the charleston series fea...

details







natural wood veneer


the arcadia series
the arcadia is a stylish contemporary cabinetry with grooved deta...

details







natural wood veneer


the woodland series
plain and simple. no fuss. no frills.
the simplicity lets the be...

details







multi optional


the side bed
when height limitations or other space restrictions occur, the si...

details













made to order
build your bed. pick your size, cabinetry, finish, and more.

design your bed




see our catalog
download our full line of beds and accessories.

download catalog








wall beds manufacturing, inc.
we have grown to be one of the largest suppliers of murphy-style wall beds in the country. we are proud of the fact that not only are our wall beds in homes all across the u.s. and the world, they are also used by several of the finest hotels and vacation resorts, motels, apartment management companies, fire stations, colleges and universities, retirement communities, hospitals, and healthcare and assisted living facilities throughout the world.









“we decided to move the grandchildrens/guest bedroom to our smallest 10×11 bedroom. but what can you put in there to comfortably accommodate two adults. after a lot of phone calls, wbm seemed overall the best choice. imagine a queen size bed, chest of drawers, night stand and a chair in that small room and not feel like you are in a phone booth. it has by for exceeded all of our expectations. the customer service is outstanding and wbm truly wants you to be satisfied customer. we want to thank darlene, doug and lori for all their help.”

- richard and penny, ohio


“the wall bed that was installed into our condo is perfect. we were impressed with the high quality craftsmanship of wall beds mfg. we are proud and often show other condo owners how beautiful and versatile our room has become.” 

- condo owner, seacrest beach, florida


“our guests have the opportunity to sleep in a “real bed” rather than the uncomfortable sofa bed offered by most hotel chains. we are excited about this opportunity, and hope to place additional units into our new expansion.”

- director of housekeeping, hotel santiago


“extremely happy with the wall bed we purchased. we appreciated the quality of the bed and the time taken to match the oak finish to other furniture. would highly recommend this company and purchase from them again!”

-jane, ohio












get in touch 419-229-5399
514 n union st. • lima, oh 45801
e-mail: sales@wallbedsmfg.com




search our site











connect with us










shop
our beds
build a wall bed
see our work





about us
midwest commercial millwork
privacy policy
site map










all rights reserved  •  website development by
                               now marketing group













