



























blue shield of california foundation |

















skip to main content

  celebrating 20 years of lasting and equitable solutions to make california the healthiest state and end domestic violence.  read our origin story →







toggle navigation












newsroom
subscribe
contact us
grantee login




home
about us
what we do
grants
resources
blog




home
about us
what we do
grants
resources
blog







  celebrating 20 years of lasting and equitable solutions to make california the healthiest state and end domestic violence.  read our origin story →





mission


we work toward a future of equity, health, and prosperity for all californians.  



secondary announcement


journalists can shape how we understand and address domestic violenceour journalist playbook  is by and for journalists and survivors who want to change the conversation. journalists.letsenddv.org 



announcement


grant announcementsept 2024foundation puts $6.7 million more toward domestic violence prevention, economic security, and equitylearn more"with our grantee partners, we serve the californians most affected by health inequities and domestic violence. we focus on changing policy and systems, such as public health and housing, because we aim to help as many people as possible."— debbie i. chang, mph, foundation president & ceo 



our mission


our missionblue shield of california foundation supports lasting and equitable solutions to make california the healthiest state and end domestic violence.about usembedded video for home page 



what we do


what we dowell-being for california communities80% of health outcomes are not tied to health care — which is why we target root causes in our work to promote health equity and end domestic violence. we have carefully honed our strategies to focus on the following three areas:strengthen economic security and mobilitybreak the cycle of domestic violencealign systems with community priorities 



from our newsroom


from our newsrooom



january 22, 2025
• intersections
in a new year, our renewed commitment
let’s continue to dream big together. 

january 16, 2025
• the pivot fund blog
community journalism in action: afrola steps up amid disaster
afrola is not just documenting the la wildfire crisis—they’re an active part of the solution, proving the power of local journalism to uplift and unite communities in times of need. 

january 13, 2025
• california health care foundation
civic media pioneer builds trusted information source for immigrants
the bay area’s vibrant communities of latino/x and indigenous mayan immigrants have been underserved by and underrepresented in mainstream media coverage for many years. el tímpano responds directly to information gaps identified by readers, many of which relate to health and health care. 

january 7, 2025
• inside philanthropy
all in for kids: backing innovative solutions to end generational violence
when it comes to preventing gender-based violence, early investment has a huge ripple effect. experiencing or witnessing a traumatic event like physical abuse in early life can have profoundly negative consequences long term, things like chronic illness, substance abuse, economic insecurity, and even decreased life expectancy. 

december 20, 2024
• the san diego voice and viewpoint
california state gov and advocacy orgs are empowering domestic abuse survivors on path to healing
in california, about 42.5% of black women have experienced some form of ipv, compared to 34.9% of all women in the state, according to a blue shield of california foundation report. this abuse can be physical, psychological, financial, sexual emotional. 


view more 

sign up for intersections, blue shield of california foundation’s newsletter that curates insights in health and health equity in california and beyond.subscribeview an archive of past editions. 



resources + ideas



latest insights


what we're learning from our grantees, staff, and partners 



listening to lead: how community researchers transform solutions
blue shield of california foundation prioritizes community researchers to create solutions that reflect real needs. 


bringing more than money to the table: insights from the foundation’s work “beyond the grant dollar”
partnership is a core value of the foundation and to us, it means more than direct funding. 


domestic violence prevention: it's everyone's job
debbie chang, president and ceo of the foundation, writes about how innovative strategies at both the national and local levels can help prevent domestic violence and create safer communities. 



 







stay connected
sign up for our newsletter and listen to our podcast to learn about the work we support in california. our blogfacebooklinkedinyoutubeinstagram


our mission
blue shield of california foundation builds lasting and equitable solutions that make california the healthiest state and end domestic violence.


navigate
homeabout usgrantsresourcesblognewsroomgrantee logincontact us


© 2009 - 2025. all rights reserved. blue shield of california foundation is an independent licensee of the blue shield association.




health 



