


info niagara - niagara falls attraction, accommodation and destination guide | special niagara falls vacation packages



























contact us
sales@niagarahistoricinns.com
 toll-free: 844 681 8862


 
 






select language"englishfrenchgermanspanish





















toggle navigation






groups     

corporate retreats
group bookings
reunion events


 sleep

where to stay
hotels & motels
bed & breakfasts
fallsview hotels
campgrounds
niagara falls airbnb
resorts
getaways
vacation rentals
inns niagara falls
historical inns 
waterpark hotels 
petfriendly hotels





play

attractions
things to do 
casinos
theme parks
tours
golf
shopping
wineries
entertainments
recreation


explore

events, shows & festivals 

falls illumination & fireworks 
restaurants/ dining 
history and facts 
niagara region 
niagara daredevils 



plan

attraction tickets
deals & packages
fast facts
border crossing
weddings



 book with niagara vacations



















niagara escapes
group reservations
corporate retreats, family reunions, weddings, and more!!!







niagara escapes
best accommodations
niagara falls hotels range from smaller, family style accommodations to some of the finest luxury full-service resorts.







niagara escapes
world class attractions
other than the breathtaking niagara falls, there are several exciting attractions that families sure to go and enjoy.







niagara escapes
exciting events & festivals
welcome to the events, festivals & shows in niagara falls





















all
hotels
bed and breakfasts
vacation rentals
attractions










arrival date:







departure date:







rooms:


1
2
3
4
5






adults:


1
2
3
4
5






children:


0
1
2
3
4
5










search









niagara helicopters





a thrilling flight, a spectacular sight! from the sensation of lift-off to the excitement of soaring above the turbulent rapids and cascading waterfalls, your niagara helicopters ride is a unique and spectacular experience.
            our all-scenic route gives you an incredible view of niagara's natural and man-made wonders. our immaculately-maintained helicopters feature headsets with taped commentary in various languages.




      priceqty
 
 
adult$145.00 012345 
child$89.00 012345 
couples$280.00 012345 
  buy tickets now





 
greg frewin theatre





experience the mystery and art of illusion with greg frewin, one of the most decorated magicians in the world. greg frewin "the international grand champion of magic" earned his title by winning first place in all of the world's top magic competitions, a feat that has never been duplicated by any magician. audiences in 20 countries, across six continents have enjoyed greg's brilliant performance.
this new 600 seat theatre has created a las vegas style atmosphere in the heart of niagara falls ontario.
the greg frewin theatre offers a variety of seating as well as ticket price options for the wild magic show. ticket prices will vary by your seat location, and the proximity of your seat to the stage.









buy tickets online








 
oh canada eh? dinner show





voted the niagara falls attraction of the year seven times, the oh canada eh? dinner show will be one of the highlights of your visit to niagara falls!
this "must-see" musical celebration of canada is fun for the entire family. children and adults alike will thrill to the music of our great country. we'll have you tapping your toes, singing along and dancing in the aisles. you'll meet singing mounties, lumberjacks, klondike kitty, anne of green gables, hockey players, french canadian trappers, newfoundland fishermen, explorers and other canadian characters.
"this show really made me feel so proud to be canadian. and i'm not...i'm from ohio!" - sue morris, toledo, ohio
"the cast and music were outstanding. we laughed so much our kids didn't want it to end!" - the flett family, ottawa, ontario









buy tickets online








 
whirlpool jet boat tours





the powerful jet boat speeds upriver, making its way into the breathtaking stonewalled canyon that is the niagara gorge. 
        the 
        anticipation builds as the boat splashes into the white water of devil's hole rapids.
the ultimate destination is the legendary whirlpool, just a half-mile below the tumbling waters of one of the wonders of the world, 
        the mighty niagara falls!
so gear up, get ready for a fantastic experience you will not soon forget. voted one of the top ten must do attractions in canada - 
        don't miss out!
all rates are subject to 13% tax for canada departures.
all rates are subject to 8% tax for usa departures.
*youth restrictions:

wet jet - must be six years of age and a minimum of 44" tall
jet dome - must be four years of age and a minimum of 40" tall
minimum age to take this tour alone with adult 18+ supervision is 16 years of age

rates are valid for wet jet tours or jet dome tours. 
        all rates are subject to change.  please note: this tour is seasonal, operating from may through to october.








open jet boat tour from us sidecad $ 85.00

buy tickets online













domed jet boat tourcad $ 75.00

buy tickets online








 
bird kingdom





amazing  birds, reptiles and more!! 
your adventure  begins here! 
4x winner of niagara's "attraction  of the year", 
        this soaring adventure is for the whole family!

discover the world's  largest indoor, free flying aviary 
        with over 400 exotic birds from around the world and dare, if you will, 
        to get up close and personal with some of the rainforest's most unique creatures.

around every corner, expect the unexpected!
journey through this "awe"  inspiring kingdom 
        and be sure to allow an hour or more  to explore all areas!








cad $ 20.28

buy tickets online








 
clifton hill fun pass





the clifton hill entertainment promenade is a major promenade near niagara falls offering a variety of amusements. it is home to the niagara skywheel, dinosaur adventure golf, movieland wax museum of stars, xd theater, ghostblasters dark ride and zombie attack. 
your best deal for seeing the greatest attractions on clifton hill is with the clifton hill 6 attraction pass! a great way to save money on the most popular attractions!
with your fun pass, enjoy admission to six top attractions at a low price - less than if you visited each site separately. also receive five tokens to use at the great canadian midway entertainment complex.







clifton hill fun passcad $ 33.84

buy tickets online









 
skylon tower observation deck admission





ride-to-the-top and indoor/outdoor observation decks of skylon tower are favourite attractions in the niagara region. glide smoothly to the top aboard our exterior glass-enclosed "yellow bug elevators" in just 52 seconds where you will enjoy spectacular views of the falls, the great gorge, niagara wine district and the city skylines of buffalo, new york and toronto. 








cad $ 12.50

 buy tickets online 








 
ripley's believe it or not! niagara falls





experience three unique attractions including ripley’s believe it or not! odditorium, our art motion simulator ride ripley’s moving theater, and louis tussaud’s waxworks showcasing over 100 life-like wax figures. 








admissioncad $ 10.95

 buy tickets online








 

                                                    









why we are the best
with over 40 years of objective experience in the tourism and hospitality industry, your team at niagara escape vacations is committed to make your holiday in niagara a fantastic and memorable experience!
            











amazing travel
a year round vacation destination, the niagara region offers guests a multitude of world class activities and attractions.
                                    
read more














discover
from the awesome natural wonders of niagara falls to historic niagara on the lake, visitors can discover fantastic itineraries for cultural,  adventure, and nature seekers.
                                    
read more














book your trip
book with confidence via the team at niagara vacations.
                                    
read more














nice support
contact us for group inquiries or to review your existing reservation.
                                    
read more










popular choices
















boutique inns with breakfast
browse our selections of b&bs, inns, and hotels.



boutique inns with breakfast
browse our selections of bed and breakfasts, inns, and hotels.










see all











fabulous vacation rentals
view a selection of fabulous vacation rentals with our without complimentary breakfasts 



fabulous vacation rentals
view a selection of fabulous vacation rentals with our without complimentary breakfasts
                                                                










see all











attractions & activities
                                                                    
discounted tickets to many of niagara best experiences.
                                                                    



attractions & activities
discounted tickets to many of niagara best experiences.
                                                                










see all


































 travel specialists

group bookings
corporate retreats
reunion events














tweets by info_niagara 


newsletter

inspiration, ideas, news and your feedback.



submit



844 681 8862
sales@niagarahistoricinns.com
contact us







                copyright © 2021 infoniagara |
sitemap  |
 contact support

powered by 



















