







sandia national laboratories





























































skip to main content








sandia national laboratories: exceptional service in the national interest 





sandiaai chat: new tool for creating efficiencies

first in the enterprise to gain access to innovative, time-saving tool
read more





honoring excellence

nnsa recognizes sandians for national security contributions
read more





hey! where’s my qubit?

vanishing atoms can ruin quantum calculations. scientists have a new plan to locate leaks.
read more





sandia’s el dorado supercomputer ranked 20th fastest in world

smaller but architecturally identical to world’s fastest, el capitan
read more





sandia study supports superior bits

compendium of geothermal bit behavior to help drive down drilling time
read more



exceptional service in the national interest
our unique responsibilities in the nuclear weapons program create a foundation from which we leverage capabilities, enabling us to solve complex national security problems.


research
committed to science with the mission in mind, sandia creates innovative, science-based, systems-engineering solutions to our nation’s most challenging national security problems.(link opens in a new tab)explore research


careers
futuristic r&d to create a better tomorrow; tackle the grand scientific and engineering challenges of the 21st century.(link opens in a new tab)explore careers



    national security is our business   for 75 years, sandia has delivered essential science and technology to resolve the nation’s most challenging security issues. sandia’s impacts for the nation 
  lab news news and stories from around sandia labs sandia’s bi-weekly news source, lab news, is your way to stay up-to-date with the latest stories about the research, innovations and people of the labs. go to lab news  
   sandia explore our new self-guided virtual tours, packed with vibrant photography, captivating video, and informative content that highlight the fascinating work we do at sandia. view all tours   newest tours       

national priorities
we strive to become the laboratory that the u.s. turns to first for technology solutions to the most challenging problems that threaten peace and freedom for our nation and the globe.






 join the conversation sandia operates official accounts on several social media networks as a means to engage in conversations about our work, update followers about the latest labs news, share employment opportunities, and support the open government principles of transparency, participation and collaboration.   sandia national laboratories nuclear energy safeguards,…  partnerships: championing a culture of innovation  sandia wave energy power take-off (swept) lab testing w…  europa terminal sterilization system  all sandia social media  






























