





















niagara falls live webcam feed | niagara falls hotels
















































skip to content





search for:





search
 
meetings
gift cards
blog
events
webcams
 





niagara falls hotels
the official guide to niagara falls tourism and travel






toggle navigation




niagara falls hotels

home
hotels

marriott fallsview
sheraton fallsview hotel
marriott on the falls
crowne plaza niagara falls fallsview
skyline hotel & waterpark
clifton victoria inn at the falls hotel
sheraton at the falls
wyndham garden at niagara falls

top 10 niagara falls hotels
view all niagara falls hotels


packages

ultimate couples experience
niagara falls waterpark getaway
ultimate casino experience
ultimate spa experience
niagara culinary experiences

view all niagara falls packages


food & drink

massimo’s italian fallsview restaurant
prime steakhouse niagara falls
fallsview grand buffet
lucky’s restaurant & bar
niagara distillery
niagara brewing company
niagara brewing company taproom
morton’s grille niagara falls
milestones on the falls
rainforest cafe
hard rock cafe
perkins family restaurant & bakery
starbucks cafe

new year’s eve dining
top 10 niagara falls restaurants
view all niagara falls restaurants
wineries of niagara


casinos

casino niagara
fallsview casino resort
casino entertainment


things to do

fallsview indoor waterpark
sheraton fallsview rooftop pool & bar
niagara distillery
niagara brewing company
hard rock cafe
hershey’s chocolate world
adventure city
rainforest cafe
the always refreshing soda shop
magnificent tours

view all niagara falls attractions
sightseeing in niagara falls
niagara falls golf
spas in niagara falls
shopping in niagara falls


discover

winter festival of lights
niagara icewine
niagara falls coupons
niagara falls fireworks display
niagara falls gift cards
niagara falls live webcam
niagara falls parking
niagara falls transportation
niagara falls weather
niagara falls hotel policies
niagara falls daredevils
cycling in niagara
weddings in niagara falls
faqs about niagara falls


 




 discover


homeniagara falls facts and informationniagara falls live webcam 24/7 feed 




niagara falls live webcam 24/7 feed 

curious what niagara falls looks like, but you’ve never been there in-person? have you booked a trip, and want to get even more excited by checking out the falls now? want to see road conditions near the falls, any time of day? the niagara falls live cam feeds from the sheraton fallsview hotel give web users a glimpse of niagara falls and the rainbow bridge, 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
check back here any time to see the current views from the niagara falls webcams at the hotel. positioned high up on the 23rd story, these two niagara falls cam feeds show the changing conditions of the falls, as well as fireworks shows that happen throughout the week. if you’ve been to niagara falls, you know how amazing this destination is and how hard it is to leave. now, with the niagara falls webcams, you can check in any time you like, to reminisce and to start planning your next trip.
two spectacular niagara falls cam views
everywhere you turn at niagara falls, there is something beautiful to see. the niagara falls live cams at the sheraton fallsview hotel feature two of the coolest views of the falls. they include:

horseshoe falls: the horseshoe falls live cam shows off the view you can see when you book a stay at the sheraton fallsview hotel, since it’s the same view as from one of the rooms. also called canadian falls, horseshoe falls is known as one of the world’s most magnificent waterfall views because of its stunning power.
rainbow bridge: the rainbow bridge, also known as the niagara falls international rainbow bridge, is the arch bridge crossing over the niagara river gorge that connects niagara falls, ontario, canada, with niagara falls, new york, united states. a ride along the bridge is beautiful and thrilling. while the niagara falls live cam showing off the rainbow bridge alerts you to current traffic levels, it’s also a pretty spot to watch because of the nature that surrounds it.

rainbow bridge live webcam

the niagara falls webcams at the sheraton fallsview hotel aren’t the only enticing attractions the hotel has to offer. the four-diamond hotel offers some of the best views of niagara falls out of hotels in the area and includes so many diverse attractions the whole family will enjoy.
the hotel directly connects to the fallsview indoor waterpark, a 125,000-square foot indoor waterpark that is eight stories high and includes 16 waterslides, a giant wave pool, and many more attractions. there are also fine dining restaurants, plus close proximity to hershey’s chocolate world niagara falls at the hotel. seeing the live cam views is just a mere preview of the exciting things to come when you plan a visit.
book a stay at niagara falls now
if the sights of niagara falls from the niagara falls cam have piqued your interest, seeing niagara falls up close and personal is even more monumental and breathtaking. this natural wonder is steeped in history, formed about 12,000 years ago because of melting glaciers. it’s easy to get lost in the wondrous beauty of the falls, with mesmerizing sights and sounds that are constantly captivating.
besides the abundance of beautiful natural views and landmarks to explore, niagara falls has become a top destination for travelers around the world because of the abundance of fine dining restaurants, thrilling amusement park attractions, wildlife parks, wine and beer tasting, and so much more. there’s always something new to explore at niagara falls, and with so many world-class accommodations to keep visitors comfortable, you’ll want to come back again and again.
book a room with niagara falls hotels now to start planning a memorable vacation for you and your family. we guarantee our best rates when you search now. have questions? email us at reserve@niagarafallshotels.com, or give us a call at 800-263-7135.







book a roomcheck incheck outadults12345
children012345

child 1 age012345678910111213141516

child 2 age012345678910111213141516

child 3 age012345678910111213141516

child 4 age012345678910111213141516

child 5 age012345678910111213141516

book now 
our best rate guaranteed.

 








give the gift of niagara falls
                            
niagara falls marriott gift cards
falls avenue resort gift cards


corporate information
                            
about us
best rate guaranteed
privacy policy
accessibility






niagara falls hotels

sheraton fallsview
marriott fallsview
crowne plaza fallsview
marriott on the falls
skyline hotel & waterpark
clifton victoria inn at the falls


niagara falls restaurants

top 10 niagara falls restaurants


niagara falls weather



subscribe
enter your email address below to receive exclusive deals and promotions from niagarafallshotels.com





email address



postal/zip code


subscribe

thank you for subscribing! you may unsubscribe at any time by using the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our emails.



contact
                            
contact us
sales & meetings




niagarafallshotels.com

5685 falls avenue, 
niagara falls, on 
l2g 3k7 
canada 
                               phone: 1-800-263-7135

















                            ratings & reviews powered by 



©2025 niagarafallshotels.com.portions of the site © tripadvisor 2025








