









home | holy name cathedral parish



















































give
calendar
myhnc
 












cathedral

mass & presider schedule
sacraments
175th anniversary
rector’s reflections
contact us


visit us

upcoming events
history of the cathedral
tour
directions & parking


formation

young adults
adult sacraments
children’s faith formation
spiritual life


serve

liturgical ministries
service ministries
immigration ministries


giving

giving methods
legacy planned gifts
special intentions
stewardship reports


music

upcoming concerts
choir performance schedule
cathedral organs
music ministries


 


select page


  
 
 















we are a jubilee 2025 designated church and site!

mass and presider schedule







what’s new
on christmas eve 2024, pope francis officially opened the holy door at st. peter’s basilica, opening the jubilee year of hope 2025. a jubilee year occurs every 25 years and is a time of mercy and forgiveness within the church. join us in this jubilee year as we celebrate our 175th anniversary. 

upcoming events





our 175 anniversary year celebration



bulletin
stay connected with our rector’s weekly newsletter and printed bulletin. as a world-famous cathedral, we welcome 1000s of visitors every week from all over the world, the u.s., and chicagoland. join us for what we do best—become joyful disciples. learn more about our faith and cathedral programs.

stay connected









support the mission
holy name cathedral is more than a place of worship where we foster a deeper connection with god; we are a vibrant faith community, providing gospel-centered ministries that profoundly impact countless lives including food, clothing, and shelter to those in need, and faith formation programs to nurture spiritual growth and discipleship for each member.

give





a gift for you
holy name cathedral is gifting a one-year subscription for $1 to the premium version of the hallow app, the #1 prayer and meditation app, rooted in the catholic faith.

sign up today







get involved
matthew 25 calls upon us to serve others, especially those in need. our year-round service ministries focus on supporting people dealing with the effects of homelessness. our young adults have seasonal programs to serve communities facing economic and social challenges. our cabrini ministries serve the urgent needs of newly arrived migrants.

sign up to serve







upcoming events
 








volunteer income tax assistance (vita) begins saturday, feb.1 holy name cathedral is pleased to announce it will again sponsor the volunteer income tax assistance (vita) program. tax preparation is available on saturdays feb. 1, feb. 22, march 22, and april 12 for clients with incomes below $70,000. see event






young adult annual retreat saturday, february 8 from 10:00am to 5:15pm the young adult annual retreat is a chance to rest, pray, and immerse yourself in the eucharistic heart of jesus. it’s an opportunity to experience his peace and grace amidst life’s busyness, whether you’re feeling stressed, anxious, or simply seeking a deeper connection with god. see event






175th anniversary mini-concert sunday, feb. 9; 11:45am as part of our 175th anniversary celebration, our music department brings us a monthly mini- concert. in january, we will feature dr. stephen alltop, faculty member of the bienen school of music at northwestern university. please join us after the 10:30am mass for a beautiful organ concert in the cathedral.
  see event






monthly holy hour wednesday, feb. 12 at 6:00pm pope john paul ii, once said, “from the eucharist comes strength to live the christian life and zeal to share that life with others.” inspired by his words, we invite you to join us for this monthly holy hour dedicated to praying for vocations. this month our topic is healing and forgiveness. see event






the damien play sunday, march 2, at 7:00pm you are invited to discover the powerful true story of how a celebrating belgium priest ministered to the needs of thousands of marginalized, abandoned men, women and children with incurable and thought-to-be highly contagious people and living in exile. chicago sports icon wayne messmer will transform into the title role of “damien” in this one-man play. see event






filling your spiritual backpack sunday, feb 16 at 1:30pm in honor of the 175th anniversary of the holy name faith community, this program focuses on the people who established catholicism in chicago. did you know that five religious orders of women and three orders of brothers ministered to the children of holy name parish? see event






join us for annual pueri cantores mass! saturday, feb. 22 at 5:15pm join us for a special annual mass when the children of the pueri cantores festival sing at our 5:15pm mass. the children (grades 4-12) come from throughout the midwest and will feature fr. dan korenchan as the main celebrant with anna doering as the guest conductor.
 see event














our history
anytime we celebrate an anniversary, be it a wedding, ordination, or birthday, we remember the initial moment of the event. we celebrate in the present, embracing our blessings, and we believe that good things will continue to be a part of our lives in the future. so it was with holy name cathedral 175 years ago.
in 1849, some very faithful catholic folks settling in this area petitioned the archbishop of st. louis, then the head of this province, to establish a parish here, gathering together the faithful to pray, receive the sacraments, especially the eucharist at mass, and then go out to serve the poor and most vulnerable in his holy name.
so it is with the holy name cathedral faith community today. the future has come, and we gather this year with grateful hearts, remembering those who have gone before us and are marked with the sign of faith. their faith is a living memory, reminding us of the first disciples’ legacy of faith, which they have bequeathed to us. please join us as we celebrate our 175th anniversary year!

discover more







































our vision
a world in communion with jesus christ.



our mission
holy name cathedral, as a catholic parish and the seat of the archdiocese of chicago, forms a community of disciples who inspire, nurture, and join people on their faith journey to encounter and grow in jesus christ.




 








mass schedule

monday-friday7:00am8:00am (livestream) 12noon wednesday evenings at 5:15pmsaturday9:00am (livestream) 5:15pm vigil masssunday7:00am, 8:30am10:30am (livestream)12:30pm, 5:15pmsaturday reconciliation9:00am to 12noon

cathedral hours

monday-friday9:00am – 5:00pmsaturday 8:30am – 6:30pmsunday6:30am – 6:30pm

rectory hours

monday-saturday9:00am – 4:00pmsunday9:00am – 2:00pm

join us

get directionsparkinggive


730 n wabash ave chicago, il 60611



(312) 787-8040



mycathedral@holynamecathedral.com


instagram
facebook
twitter
youtube
 




terms of use | privacy policy


© 2025 copyright holy name cathedral parish

 

 
 
 






















