

















cold spring harbor laboratory | cold spring harbor laboratory






































































 



skip to content










search cshl …







search












cold spring harbor laboratory


about us

contact us
directions
leadership
cshl president
cshl chief operating officer
administrative departments
board of trustees
divisions
size and reach: 2023
annual reports
history

a lab like no other
discoveries timeline
institutes & directors timeline
nobel prize winners
how one family secured the future of a laboratory
good genes, bad science


office of diversity, equity, & inclusion
careers


events

event calendar
lectures
concerts
tour cshl


newsstand

cshl stories and media

news
features


harborscope blog
labdish blog
for the media
harbor transcript magazine
newsletter
podcasts
video library
logos/graphic identity guidelines


partner with us

business development & technology transfer

technology transfer resources


office of procurement
office of sponsored programs/grants
preprints


careers
giving

donate now
annual giving
planned giving
funds & endowment
giving calendar
double helix medals dinner

attend
press package
double helix medals dinner video
past dhmd


cshl’s 29th annual golf tournament
women’s partnership for science
cshl association directors
corporate advisory board
honor roll of donors
local support
news
history
contact giving


education programs

undergraduate research program
partners for the future
cshl graduate program
postdoc resources
center for humanities & history of modern biology


faculty
research
banbury center
cshl press
dna learning center
meetings & courses
ph.d. program













statement on nih funding guidance
new nih guidance will severely reduce funding for research. supporting science is an investment in our nation’s health, security, and economy.  read the story »




 foundations for the future
foundations for the future is a visionary seven-acre expansion project dedicated to pioneering research in three critical areas that will shape the world of tomorrow. learn more »

 postdoctoral positions
cshl is recruiting postdocs across all research areas. learn about specific openings, and why cshl is a great place to do your postdoctoral research. learn more »




cold spring harbor laboratory 



advancing the frontiers of biology through research & education
founded in 1890, cold spring harbor laboratory has shaped contemporary biomedical research and education with programs in cancer, neuroscience, plant biology and quantitative biology. home to eight nobel prize winners, the private, not-for-profit laboratory employs 1,000 people including 600 scientists, students and technicians. the meetings & courses program hosts more than 12,000 scientists from around the world each year on its campuses in long island and in suzhou, china. the laboratory’s education arm also includes an academic publishing house, a graduate school and programs for middle, high school, and undergraduate students and teachers.





get to know us


quizscience of love quizscientists are on the trail of finding out what makes people fall in love. test your knowledge on the science of love.   take the quiz »
research newsketamine: from club drug to antidepressant?february 14, 2025cshl professor hiro furukawa proves the existence of a mysterious brain receptor known as glun1-2b-2d and shows how it may interact with ketamine.  read the story »
 interactive featurekiller disease, miracle drugthe story of a child’s illness, a scientist’s quest, and the circumstances that made possible the successful development of a life-saving treatment.  read the story »
 
participate


 eventcocktails & chromosomes - the hidden world inside our cells: how mysterious structures impact your dnafebruary 27, 2025join us for the next edition of cocktails & chromosomes, featuring the cshl assistant professor katherine alexander.  learn more »
 eventscience on screen film: gattacamarch 25, 2025in a not-so-distant future, society is divided by genetic perfection, where people’s worth is determined by their dna.  learn more »
 publicationharbor transcript magazinethe 2025 winter edition of the harbor transcript magazine is now available online.  read now »
 

hashtag icon follow cshl





















main menu
about
events
newsstand
partner with us
careers
giving
education programs
faculty



divisions
research
banbury center
center for humanities
cshl press
dna learning center
meetings & courses program
ph.d. program
 

resources
cshl archives
library
preprints
non-discrimination
service of legal papers
whistleblower policy (pdf)
uhc medical transparency in coverage 
 


contact
 516-367-8800
 info@cshl.edu
 maps & directions
   donate now
   newsletter
connect with cshl


   
	   
	   	
	   
	   
	   
	   



 
 


© 2025 cold spring harbor laboratory. all rights reserved.


one bungtown road, cold spring harbor, ny 11724


sitemap | privacy policy | web accessibility 





our website uses cookies to enhance your experience on the site. by clicking "continue" or by continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies as detailed in our privacy policy.continuemanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 


































