















home page-rangelands.org | rangelands


























































 

























search...


 

 










about 







what we do 






policy & position  statements




resolutions




official communications & statements











who we are 






board




committees




sections




staff




history




past presidents











our approach 






fostering community




driving science integrity




boots on the ground




informing policy-makers











our structure 






diversity & inclusion




advocacy guidelines




governing documents











programs 






certifications 






certified professional in range management




certified rangeland management consultant




associate professional in range management




targeted grazier certification











student activities 






scholarships




hsyf




student competitions











producers 






good grazing makes cent$




redd fund











experts 






find an srm certified range expert in your area










resources 






publications 






rangelands




rangeland ecology and management




archives & other publications




ecosystems services report











learning / education 






rangeland science education council




accreditation




trainings




k-12 resources











technical 






glossary of terms




plant & technical resources




climate change




coordinated resource management




hope on the range



wildlife book










awards 






srm honor awards




past awardees




how to submit a nomination











partners 






rangelands partnership




western sare




grazing lands coalition










news & events 






latest news 






news and events




annual reports











annual meeting 






2025 annual meeting




2024 annual meeting




archive & abstracts











communications 






rangeland news




rangeflash




capital updates











job opportunities 






overview




job listings




post an opportunity




policies and pricing













        no event found!    
 






shop our storejoin / renew 







 


















society for range management 










the society for range management is an international organization that includes people who manage, conserve and enjoy the vast landscapes known as rangelands. we are a vibrant community that learn from each other and share our common appreciation for rangelands. 



become a member today  

















 





committees 









 





programs 









 





job opportunities 








 











 





events 









 





srm leadership 









 





sections 

















 





 







annual meeting page




















 



 







rangelands.org 



society for range management 



the international society for range management is the professional scientific society and conservation organization whose members  study, conserve, manage and sustain the varied resources of the rangelands which include prairie, shublands, woodlands, and savannahs which  cover nearly half the land on earth. 

srm’s members are land managers, scientists, educators, students, ranchers and conservationists–a diverse membership guided by a professional code of ethics and unified by a strong land ethic. 



missionproviding leadership for the stewardship of rangelands based on sound ecological principles.visiona well-trained and highly motivated group of professionals and rangeland users working with productive, sustainable rangeland ecosystems. 



discover more  




















involvementwho we are 







support srmwhat we do 







updateswhy it matters 















welcome to the society for range management 



what's happening in rangeland news! 











why i didn’t say ‘no’ to srm initially, i didn’t readily embrace the idea of taking on a leadership role within srm; in fact, i said ‘no’ a couple of times. like many of us, various factors made ‘no’ seem like the sensible choice: i was at an early stage in my career, facing financial constraints, deeply committed to institutional service, juggling...read moredr. edwin lamar smith jr. august 13, 1936 – july 7, 2023 past srm president (1998) 2008 frederic g renner award recipient  dr. edwin lamar smith jr. passed on july 7, 2023, in san antonio, texas surrounded by family. lamar smith’s death ended a greater than 60-year career advancing the research, education, and practice of range management and natural resource...read moresociety for range management to recognize ranchers for stewardship efforts award established by generous montana rancher chuck jarecki the society for range management (srm) recently established the chuck jarecki rancher land stewardship award thanks to a generous donation by its namesake, montana rancher chuck jarecki.  the award was created to recognize ranch operators who demonstrate outstanding rangeland stewardship and contribute to the ranching profession through local,...read more 







 
view all news



















community updates 



what's happening on social media 



don't forget to join us on facebook and twitter!  get the latest updates, make connections, and more!  



 






facebook
 



twitter
 



pinterest
 



instagram
 






get involved!  sign up for our newsletter and get all the latest information! 














email address


 






















society for range management
 

 4 days ago 







		thursday schedule at-a-glance! #srm2025 #srmam2025 
... see moresee less



photo	


view on facebook

·
share



share on facebook



share on twitter



share on linked in



share by email









society for range management
 

 5 days ago 







		congratulations on a well deserved honor!congratulations to csu emeritis range professor dr. roy roath for receiving the frederic g. renner award at the society for range management international meeting in spokane, washington this year. this is the premier society award for sustained accomplishments or contributions to range management during the last ten years. although we know that roy's contributions to range and the colorado section has been going on much longer than that! roy leading our 2024 cssrm fall range tour near the arikaree river in wray, colorado in the blue shirt and tan ball cap on the left.society for range management  
... see moresee less



photo	


view on facebook

·
share



share on facebook



share on twitter



share on linked in



share by email






























from our members 



testimonials 



the society for range management brings people, cultures, and different perspectives together from around the world to work toward one goal: rangeland stewardship. it’s dynamic, and i want to be a part of it.diana doan-crider texasthe diversity of voices in srm, scientists, consultants, land stewards, agency professionals, is unique and it keeps me current, engaged and always motivated to learn more.”jenny pluhar texasi spent too many years in the beef industry thinking that i didn’t have time to commit to srm. it’s only now that i realize the time and money that i wasted by not being a part of this organization sooner.dave voth nevada 














 







 







 



srm’s members are land managers, scientists, educators, students, producers and conservationists–a diverse membership guided by a professional code of ethics and unified by a strong land ethic. 





 


















 






facebook
 



twitter
 



instagram
 



linkedin-in
 










links 







 
join





 
about us





 
upcoming events





 
committees











news 



 opinion: congress, your short-term solutions are causing long-term issues james “jim” tom o’rourke 







contact 







 
 info@rangelands.org





 
general: (303) 986-3309





 
fax: (303) 986-3892





 
100 n 27th street, suite 600 d billings, mt 59101















© copyright 2023 by srm rangelands 









terms & conditions


/


privacy policy






















































































