





heartshare st. vincent’s | homepage




































 




















skip navigation




search















why we’re here
who we are

our divisions

foster care & preventive services
integrated health services
residential & housing programs
youth development & community programs


our leadership
our history


get involved
donate
 
search
donate
menu












what a homecoming celebration!
on wednesday, october 23rd we came together for our annual benefit! it was a truly, special evening. thank to our honorees: rob, hannah and jaelen (pictured), to our amazing board of directors, to our former youth in care who came back for homecoming, and to all of our supporters.
photos from the night







new york city is a place of unbelieveable opportunity and wealth. but despite that, many children and families aren’t able to take advantage of it. they aren’t able to look up, take a breath and even contemplate what a brighter future could look like.
for 150 years, heartshare st. vincent’s services has worked to equalize opportunities for those who need it most. we began and continue to exist because the need is local, real and urgent. join us on our mission.

get involved
donate today






we subscribe to four key guiding principles, each focused on driving real, lasting impact:


unlocking belief
belief is a powerful thing. when you have it, you can better evaluate your surroundings and take your own steps to propel yourself forward. every day we strive to uncover potential, and unlock belief. it’s why we’re here.
radical acceptance
each child and family is different. they come with their own backstory, their unique set of roadblocks, and their individual set of needs. no matter their situation, we accept them.




authentic hustle
our history is rich, but we operate with an eye to the future. there’s much work to be done, and the need is not going to disappear. a dedication to realness, scrappiness, and authenticity drives the entire organization.
outcome focused
data-driven, yet human, we evolve as new evidence appears. confident in our process, but aware that tracking, iteration and improvement are requirements if we are going to continue to grow and expand our reach across the city.







organizing ourselves for success


each child and family that comes through our doors has a completely unique set of circumstances. our four core divisions work seamlessly together to provide the necessary type and shape of support:

foster care & preventive services

integrated health services

residential & housing programs

youth development & community programs













interested in becoming a foster parent?
do you have questions about what's involved in becoming a foster parent? we have answers! click the button to find out more.
find out more










heartshare st. vincent's services is an affiliate of heartshare.


sign up for updates on our success stories, milestones and events.


email


leave blank









contact us
join our team
 

privacy
accessibility
corporate compliance
employee resources
 


find heartshare on the following social networks:




























click this logo to support hsvs every time you shop at amazon. for all eligible purchases, the amazonsmile program donates 0.5 percent of the price to hsvs.





© copyright 2025 heartshare st. vincent's services. all rights reserved.website by manoverboard inc.


























