

home | new england lost ski areas project















 




 







  preserving the history of 
604 lost ski areas in new england and 
82 elsewhere!
 now celebrating 25 years on the web!
			join our active ski discussions at snowjournal.com.



			 














 
 
 

















'
lost ski areas of the berkshires now 
			available - nov 2018
nelsap's fifth book - lost ski areas of 
			the berkshires is on sale! click here 
			for ordering directions!. lost ski areas of the northern 
			adirondacks, southern 
			adirondacks, white mountains, and southern vermont are also 
			available.
 nelsap store the nelsap
store sells t-shirts, calendars, mugs, and more! click
			here to shop. all proceeds go to running
the site, acquiring materials, etc.













have
you ever wondered what happened to your favorite ski area? why did it
close? what was the history behind it? ever driven by a closed ski area
and wondered what it was, its legacy?

nelsap is here
to answer your questions. stories, pictures, and hard facts are used to
describe the lost ski areas of new england and elsewhere. since october
of 1998 more than 670 areas have been listed on this site! each state
is listed on the menu bar on the left side of this webpage. just click
a state and you'll be on your way to exploring some rather interesting
history.

your input is
critical to the future growth of nelsap. if you'd like to send us some
information, please visit our "contribute info" page on the left to learn how, or send
an email to nelsap@yahoo.comyour emails have made a very important
contribution to the site since we were founded. we will try to get back
to you and use your information on the site, though due to the volume
of emails we receive, we may not be able to get back to you promptly.

please be sure
to check out the new england ski
museum, another great organization dedicated to collecting,
preserving, and exhibiting ski history for the purpose of research,
education, and entertainment. become a member and help support skiing's
past.

if you enjoy
reading about the lost ski areas of new england, please consider making
a donation. nelsap will always remain free, but costs to run the site
can be substantial.  please note that the
donations are not tax deductible. if you're interested, please follow
the link on the left.

enjoy your
stay! 
~jeremy davis, founder, nelsap





 












recent cam photo


cam archives


 

  

hickory ski center, ny
reopened jan 2, 2010

   
nelsap
hike
mt. agamenticus, me
september, 2008c
  

practice slope
hogback mountain, vt
dec 22, 2007



(click on a thumbnail for a larger image)


click here for more cams




 









 everything on this website is the property of nelsap or
has been attributed to its source, please ask permission if you use
this information elsewhere. thanks! 

 





 
 


 







 if you can see
this text your browser does not support iframes. we apologize for any
inconviences.


 
 if you can see
this text your browser does not support iframes. we apologize for any
inconviences.


 
 if you can see
this text your browser does not support iframes. we apologize for any
inconviences.

 











      
  








 

join the nelsap mailing list!





    










  

 


 this page last updated
                        . 
hosting by:
intercarve
networks
$5.95/month for 300mb, php, mysql, email




 





 

 




















		copyright 1998-2023 new england lost ski areas project.
website created by jeremy davis and jon gallup. all rights reserved.















