





privacy engineering program -     privacy engineering program -     software and societal systems department - carnegie mellon university





























carnegie mellon university
———




search

 search
 search this site only 





privacy engineering program software and societal systems department



 


 new certificate and part-time online options now available!
new part-time online and certificate options are now available. these options are particularly well-suited for students who cannot afford to leave their existing jobs. the part-time online option will enable students to earn their degree in as little as 24 months.  program requirements and the degree awarded are identical to those of the full-time on-campus program. the privacy engineering certificate program offers accreditation upon completion of an intensive 4-week program with coursework offered remotely over weekends .
to learn more and apply online:
part-time masters   certificate program
 
 privacy engineering at carnegie mellon
we live in a data economy. nearly every product, service or process with which we interact collects and processes some data about us. this data goes on to feed machine learning algorithms designed to predict our tastes, our habits, our future behaviors, or future possible health ailments to name just a few of the many different ways in which our data is consumed. along with this increasing dependence on personal data, we have seen the emergence of increasingly stringent regulations designed to keep organizations that collect and process our data accountable. regulations such as gdpr and ccpa also come with steep penalties for organizations that fail to meet their requirements. these developments have in turn created unprecedented demand for professionals capable of operating at the intersection of law and technology and led to the emergence of privacy engineering as a highly desirable career and one for which there is a significant shortage today.
 
our programs

masters in privacy engineering
privacy engineering certificate



rapid growth
according to the international association of privacy professionals, the average salary for a privacy engineer is $136,000, and those with a privacy technologist certification earn over $170,000 on average in the united states.  armed with a privacy engineering certificate, graduates from this program will be well prepared to compete in this new and fast-growing job market.

 

 our programs 



masters program
earn your masters degree in privacy engineering. full and part-time options available.






certificate program
earn your certification in privacy engineering in just 4 weeks.



 



                            software and societal systems department
                carnegie mellon university     5000 forbes avenue
    pittsburgh, pa 15213


legal info
www.cmu.edu

© 2024 carnegie mellon university







                      masters program
    

                      admissions
    

                      incoming students
    

                      carnegie mellon and pittsburgh resources
    

                      contact us
    



                      plan of study
    

                      courses
    



                      capstone project
    

                      capstone archive
    



                      featured alumni and faculty
    

                      faculty
    

                      news & events
    

                      data privacy day
    



                      partner with us
    

                      privacy engineering careers
    

                      privacy seminar
    

                      seminar archive
    





                      certificate program
    

                      register
    

                      program details
    

                      our team
    

                      testimonials
    

                      contact us
    



                      give
    













