








st. louis catholic church - clarksville, maryland































































skip to content









st. louis catholic church













menumenuhomeabout us

join our parishbecome catholicour parish visioncontact us & directionsclergy & staffmass schedulebulletinscemeteryfuneral planning guidehistory of st. louis parishpastorate overviewconnect on social mediavolunteering

adult volunteers (virtus)youth volunteers (worthy of the call) 
request to change informationchurch stained glass windows
be formed

family faith formation (gr k-8)adult faith formation

adult bible studybible in a yearcatechism in a yearchristlife

discovering christfollowing christsharing christ 
exodus 90kingdom buildersrosary in a yearwomen’s bible study 
ocia (formerly rcia)acts retreatsformedplan for daily prayer
ministries & groups

eucharistic adoration ministryyouth ministry (cym)college & young adult ministryacts ministrycatholic daughters of the americaschildren of light charismatic prayer groupdivine mercy prayer groupknights of columbusmarriage resourcesmarriage encountermarriage retrouvaillemusic ministryrespect lifesurviving divorcegarden clubamerican heritage girls troop md0413cub scout pack 108clarksville picnicraising saints (young children playgroup)young married couples and familiesliturgical ministries

altar guildaltar serversextraordinary ministers of holy communionhospitality ministerslectorsliturgy committeesacristansliturgical ministries schedule 

outreach

food collectionhaiti ministrymourning teamour daily breadpastoral visitorsmental health resources
sacraments

baptismconfessionholy communionconfirmationmatrimony (marriage)anointing of the sickholy orders
givingst. louis school



















welcome to st. louis catholic church and school
connecting you with god and others
phone: (410) 531-6040











 




 




 



















 
st-louis-sanctuary-ordinary-time_2-1-scaledfamilies-at-summer-evening-socialexterior of saint louis catholic churchcropped-20220420_114115-scaled-1ordination-anniv-eucharist-adoration-in-1889-chapelprayers-at-fatima-statuereopening-of-1889-chapel 



 












mass & confession times




bulletin















upcoming events




contact us















catholic resources




archdiocesan resources

















join our parish
we invite you to join us as a parishioner at st. louis catholic church! please complete this registration form and bring it with you to mass, drop it off at the parish office or email it to tmayer@stlouisparish.org. anyone seeking the sacraments of baptism, first holy communion, and confirmation at st. louis must be registered and be an active parishioner for 6 months.







click to register










view our live stream
mass is live streamed on sundays at 9:00 am. click below for live stream or archived recording of the mass.







click here for our live stream












sign up to stay in touch!
to get interesting news, announcements, updates, and information from st. louis, sign up by clicking on the icon:










give financially to st. louis
give your gift to st. louis by clicking the button below.







give now





















upcoming events
(click or tap image for more)



































































































































































































































































































catholic resources
(click or tap image for more)
















get thousands of catholic movies, programs, audio, and books instantly














daily mass readings














catholic, commercial-free, 24/7, hd family entertainment channel














ewtn - global catholic network. catholic news, tv, and radio











 archdiocesan resources
(click or tap image for more)
















archdiocese of baltimore website














child and youth protection














office of family, youth, and young adult ministry














office of vocations



















 st. louis catholic church
12500 clarksville pike
clarksville, md 21029
phone: (410) 531-6040
fax: (410) 531-6191
in pastorate with  st. francis of assisi – fulton
questions?  contact us












facebook
instagram
youtube










