    
	welcome to ucsb student affairs
              skip to content       university of california, santa barbara   
                                       
                                               



give
responding to students in distress

   



site search


search












        






uc santa barbara - division of student affairs













































  toggle navigation         navigation



home


                about
                







about the division of student affairs




office of the vice chancellor for student affairs (vcsa)




divisional leadership team




goodspeed internship






departments and services


                policies
                







campus regulations




clery act




divisional guidelines & policies




equity in athletics policy




higher education opportunity act (heoa) and other required notifications




sexual assault, dating or domestic violence, and stalking policy




sexual harassment policy




student conduct code




student grievance procedure




substance abuse policy








                resources
                







emergency contacts




freedom of expression




gaucho parents




giving opportunities




principles of community




staff professional development




student group funding




uc complaint process






contact



            














                                                our values
                                            









inclusion  •  compassion  •  dedication  •  collaboration  
















                                                our vision
                                            









ucsb student affairs: engaged in every student’s success   
















                                                our mission
                                            









the division of student affairs advances the education, research, and service mission of the university by providing programs and services that contribute to students’ academic achievement, personal development, well-being and success. 

as dedicated, compassionate, and collaborative professionals, we cultivate lifelong leaders and learners who recognize and appreciate the dignity of individuals and communities.  














   


home


    






los angeles area wildfire & recovery resources


 on behalf of the entire ucsb community, student affairs extends our deepest sympathy and concern to all ucsb families affected by the devastating wildfires in the los angeles area. we have numerous resources ready to support our students' ongoing educational pursuits while addressing the financial, emotional, and logistical challenges you might be facing. please reach out so we can be of service during this difficult time. emotional support and assistance navigating campus and local resources is available from the social work service team in student health. call 805-893-3087.emergency financial assistance to address short-term financial hardships is available from the financial crisis response team. email financialcrisis@sa.ucsb.edu. individual and group counseling is available 24/7 from counseling and psychological services (caps). call 805-893-4411 at any time.any student or parent navigating an emergency, especially when the student is unable to come to campus, is invited to work with the student and parent liaison in the dean of students office. email studentparentliaison@sa.ucsb.edu or call 805-893-4521.our thoughts are with you and the people affected by these tragic events and we will do all we can to assist during this time.  all university of california campuses provide reciprocal basic needs resources to all uc students. for example, if you are a ucsb student who has returned to los angeles, some services will be available to you at ucla. likewise, if you are a ucla student who has returned home to the santa barbara area, some services will be available to you at uc santa barbara. contact your local campus basic needs center.  



call social work services




email financial crisis team




contact student affairs
























     





office of the vice chancellor for student affairs 

division of student affairs                             university of california, santa barbara                             santa barbara, ca 93106-2036 805-893-3651  |  vcsaoffice@sa.ucsb.edu 

                                                        9 a.m - 12 noon & 1 - 4 p.m.                        

connect with uc santa barbara


office of the vice chancellor for student affairs twitter

office of the vice chancellor for student affairs instagram

office of the vice chancellor for student affairs snapchat




myucsb & gold shoreline - groups + events academic calendar  information systems (gold) status ucsb faculty & staff directory campus maps 



uc santa barbara home












privacy
terms of use
web accessibility
contact us

copyright © 2023 the regents of the university of california, all rights reserved.


 
    

   
