




home page | the railway technical website | prc rail consulting ltd



















the railway technical website
a window on the world of railway systems, technologies and operations  banner photo: d gubler




site navigation[skip]



home


search


about


dr. piers connor


site map




infrastructure


electric traction power


stations


links on infrastructure




signalling


basic railway signalling


train protection


automatic train control


route signalling


single line operation


us railroad signalling


signalling links




trains


rolling stock index


train equipment


coach parts


electric traction control


brakes


electro-pneumatic brakes


brakes glossary


north american freight train brakes


vacuum brakes


pbl90 brake control






diesel locomotives


us locomotive mu control




electric locomotives


the early history of the dc traction motor




bogies


wheel notation




high speed trains


hydrail comes of age


is hydrogen the answer?


steam vs diesel


rolling stock manufacture


early design aspects of light rail systems


train maintenance


sample depot plan






operations


railway finance


intermodal freight


fare collection


route learning


working timetable




publications


platform protection systems


class-377 launch mar 2013


the underground gets more automated


making the most of existing capacity


metro operations planning


northern line upgrade interview


passenger vehicle capacity


50 years on the underground


s stock deliveries suspended


high speed railway capacity


blackpool flexity 2 tram launch


the collapse of london's ppp


deep tube transformation jan 2013


dilemmas on doors jan 2011


railway stations-design & operation


ssl resignalling in trouble jan 2014




glossary


abbreviations


railway lexicon


steam glossary


us-uk terminology




archive


push-pull train operation in britain


multi-deck trains


the development & principles of british signalling


vehicle suspension systems


design details of railways, railroads and metros


us railroad fuel consumption


track basics


















sidebar[skip]





search

about

infrastructure

signalling

trains

operations

publications

glossary

archive











railway technical blog





updates



i update the railway technical website from time to time. while i try to get everything in place correctly, there are bound to be some minor glitches. please let me know if you find any errors we have missed.
thank you for visiting. i hope your visit has been interesting and informative.
update log
about this site.
contact me.
last updated: 31st january 2023





learning resources



railway systems engineering & integration msc course at the university of birmingham.
chartered institution of railway operators - courses at certificate, diploma and degree level.





library papers



index of papers and articles
the development of british signalling
metro operations planning
railway passenger vehicle capacity
platform protection systems
high speed railway capacity
railway stations








tweet















home page








the hydrogen powered train - demystified



is hydrogen the answer? a presentation by david shirres, editor, rail engineer, to the institution of mechanical engineers in glasgow demystifies and explains the concepts of hydrogen based train power as opposed to diesel power. an article in rail engineer, hydrail comes of age, dated 5th january 2018, describes the progress of hydrogen power development for trains.







the information resource for railway systems
the railway technical website is an information resource 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														with articles about railways around the world, covering technical, 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														operational, maintenance and financial issues. 
the site is maintained by dr. piers connor of prc rail consulting ltd.
we have included a wide 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														range of subjects - systems, design, operation, planning, finance, 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														engineering, production and maintenance. both technical and operation 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														aspects are covered. there's plenty of pictures and graphics and links 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														to other relevant sites. 
in the articles, we use the uk railway 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														system as the base technology but there are also descriptions and 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														information about other systems around the world. articles and 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														glossaries are provided for a range of subjects. 
the railway as a system
 

 
figure
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														 1: a diagram of the railway as a system, showing how the 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														main subsystems fit together to form the whole. from a diagram by prof. 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														f. schmid.






a
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														 railway is a system. it comprises many parts that fit together to make 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														the system work. if any of the parts fail to operate correctly, the 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														system will quickly stop functioning and the railway’s customers, both 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														freight and passengers, will see a deterioration in the service 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														provided.
what is a railway?
a railway may be defined as a high value, fixed guidance land transport system, carrying passengers and freight in purpose-built containers, using specifically designed, high power traction systems and controlled by high integrity safety systems. railways are subject to strictly regulated safety regimes, require reliable long distance communications and specially trained staff meeting defined medical requirements, sometimes working alone in hostile environments. the costs of construction, operation and maintenance of a railway do not normally offer a commercial return on investment and therefore requires substantial government subsidy, thus bringing with it a high degree of intrusive political interference and often malevolent media reporting. 
the life of railway assets is usually in the range of 20-40 years for electrical and mechanical systems and 60-120 years for fixed civil engineering infrastructure, assuming properly managed and regular maintenance. this life cycle drives a need for a long term approach to the initial system design, to the strategic management of existing systems and to the development of replacement strategies. 
international coverage
although
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														 this site is written from the perspective of the uk based railway 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														industry, most of the information is valid for railways 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														internationally.  differences between uk practices and those in other 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														countries are noted from time to time, if relevant.  much of the 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														technology is the same, wherever it is used. what can differ from one 
																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																														system to another is how the technology is used, particularly for signalling and train control, and how the industry is financed and regulated. 
we welcome feedback and suggestions for new subjects. please contact me.



















© the railway technical website 2023
 [back to top]































