







buy the best tea cozy: tea quilt tea cozies & t-sac tea filters
























  menu





 


 



home 
tips to save on shipping! 














design in mind, inc.
			    2885 country dr ste 145
			    saint paul, mn 55117 usa
			    contact us at:  https://www.devotea.com
			 

 


			    date printed: 02-16-2025
			    browser: chrome		     







buy the best tea cozy: tea quilt tea cozies
shop for t-sac tea filters, fine loose teas, chatsford teapots, forlife teapots, and much more.
the tea quilt™ tea cozy keeps tea hot and fresh for hours. each tea cozy is hand cut from quality materials sourced in the usa and canada, and made in minnesota .
t-sac's are back in stock!  see details in the devotea news tab below!
guests are always welcome to shop! no account is required. learn more about devotea below!





click or tap photos to see all available product groups.






tea cozies


22 product groups







devoteateas
sale here!

13 product groups







t-sac filters, tools, tins
sale here!

8 product groups







teapots and more
sale here!

8 product groups







on the table
sale here!

11 product groups







in the kitchen
sale here!

5 product groups







cards by penscriptions 


6 product groups







books 50% off!
sale here!

5 product groups





about devotea.com - a shop for tea lovers


shop here for:


customer feedback:


devotea news:



the tea quilt brand tea cozy made in the usa by design in mind, inc. exclusively for devotea.com. tea cozies in 100's of patterns and many different themes feature superior insulating layers and a stain blocking inner liner. handcrafted in minnesota by people that have learned how to stay warm and make a tea cozy that keeps tea hot for hours!
loose leaf teas loose leaf teas in nearly 100 varieties include many single estate teas from india, sri lanka, china, nepal, and taiwan; also unique and traditional blended and flavored teas, including decaffeinated teas; and many great, caffeine free, herbal and fruit blends.
t-sac tea filters t-sac tea filters for loose leaf tea are unbleached hemp paper tea filters. t-sac tea filters are the easiest way to brew loose leaf tea by the teacup, mug, or teapot. paper tea filters offer easy cleanup and are disposable in compost or as mulch.  all tea filter sizes, #1, #2, #3, and #4 are available in 100 count boxes.  t-sac tea filter sizes #2 and #3 are also available in 1000 count bulk packaging for tea service use with either take out cups or teapot service.
teapots, teacups, and mugs chatsford brand teapots, made by the london teapot company, are our most popular english style stoneware teapot. chatsford teapots are favored for their built in large nylon basket infuser, one of the largest offered for any comparably sized teapot.  forlife brand stump and curve style teapots, for life teacups, and forlife infuser mugs are lead-free high-fired ceramic teaware. for life teapots, teacups, and mugs are offered in many bright, contemporary colors. mara stoneware mugs are desired for their heavy stoneware design, and their beautiful artwork and glazing.
accessories for tea service scoops, strainers, scales, thermometers, and timers for making tea. drip catchers, lemon wraps, paper coasters and doilies, and decorative napkins for serving tea. kitchen tools to help prepare treats for your high tea.


what our customers say"i knew i would like the teapot - the color is what i expected, and it's size is perfect.  the tea cozy, however, blew me away. it is absolutely beautiful!  i have "a thing" for pine trees, and the fabric for sunset pines is truly lovely.... of course, it doesn't hurt that it keeps my tea warm for several hours!" ch, new york"i am delighted with our order and i must say you are very fast and efficient with your order processing! thank you!"jg, washington"i have had other tea cozies over the years and by far, yours keeps my tea warm and cozy longer, just when i need that second or third cup. no more reheating!" mt, wisconsin

2025-02-13 - t-sac news - sizes 2, 3, 4 are now fully in stock.
we now have sizes 2, 3, and 4 back in stock and ready to ship. even better, little or no change in pricing. looking for size 1?. we expect them to be shipped from germany this coming week, arriving 10 days later!


2024-11-22 - pyramid teabags - new stock, new choices
pyramid style loose leaf teabags are back in stock! new varieties include two darjeeling blends, a new assam blend, organic choices for english breakast anf earl grey blends. enjoy! 


2024-09-21 - decaf tea news
it has been a while since our most popular decaf black teas have been available. this coming week english breakfast decaf, and earl grey decaf are returning! if you have been buying either of these teas in the past, you will see a jump in the pricing, mostly due to the reduction of available suppliers in the marketplace. the new pricing is similar to pricing on the irish breakfast decaf that was introduced last year. give these a try. enjoy!


 
 










check my order

privacy policy
returns & warranty


we welcome








design in mind, inc.2885 country dr  ste 145st. paul, mn  55117 usa1-651-483-2070  1-888-906-1159 fax



 	  		© 2012-2022 design in mind, inc. all rights reserved.

 

top



