


university archives -- university of missouri-columbia








































  why does this page look different? go to text only version skip to navigation skip to content 





search
skip to navigation | skip to content

search the site | 







may day on the quadrangle, 1911.

navigation
skip navigation




 about the archives
 holdings
 online exhibits and digital collections
 resources
 services to...
 more information




welcome to the university archives

    university archives is the depository of official records of the university of missouri as well as of the administrative records of the university of missouri system. university archives also houses and preserves private papers, organizational records, and manuscripts that relate to the history of the university, the university community, and the university system.
university archives is part of the division of special collections and archives in the university libraries at the university of missouri.
   

announcements



featured exhibit:


 

















about the archives

 mission of the university archives
 reference and duplication services

 explantation of references services
 copy & duplication services

 contacts & hours
 policies & procedures
 history of the university archives
 history of the university of missouri

« back to the home page


holdings

 finding aids — collection guides

 about the finding aids
 records and historical material (um-system)
 records and historical material (umc)

 topical guides
 digital collections

 savitar
 online exhibits
 glass plate negatives

 reading room resources

 vertical files
 catalogs, other publications, etc.

 record group lists
 search the holdings

« back to the home page


online exhibits and collections
featured: mizzourah! mu football: the early years

 tiger thru the hoop
 st. patrick was an engineer
 mizzou history quiz
 other online exhibits
 digital collections

 savitar
 glass-plate negatives


« back to the home page


resources and links

 archival resources

 vertical file
 kardex concordance

 archival links
 general links
 reading room resources
 reference and duplication services
 policies and procedures
 forms

 deed of gifts  organizational records
 deed to donation  papers and historical materials
 permission to publish
 charge-out record


« back to the home page


services to...

 patrons wanting to use or publish archived materials
 patrons wanting to copy or duplicate materials
 researcher needing research assistance
 departments transferring records
 donors of historical materials
 faculty and instructors

« back to the home page


 
more information


 contacts & hours
 ask-an-archivist
 faq
 site map
 text version
 mu libraries
  giving to the mu libraries





why does this page look different?
in designing this web page, the university archives made every attempt to make their pages more
    accessible to all people. to do this, this page and others
    in this site were created using web standards and with many standard accessibility features, which
    most modern browsers support.
all the information and functionality of these pages are available to all browsers, but they
    may not look the same. for more information, please read our accessibility statement
    or the information at the web standards projects.
back to the top | 
    back to the content | 
    back to the navigation






 
    copyright © 1997-2025 curators of the university of missouri
all rights reserved. 
published by: university archives
revised: february 2025

an equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro-disabled and veteran employer.
dmca and other copyright information.

accessibility statement | staff tools
    url: https://muarchives.missouri.edu

back to the top




















