



	newport ri visitor's guide






















 

 







toggle navigation
menu






useful info


hotels &lodging


restaurants


bars &nightlife


attractions &things to do


boating


outdoorrecreation


shopping


weddings &events




























historic newport, ri... america's first resort



explore our seaside enclave without the crowds



come frolic with our winter guests!



indulge in your favorite seafood dishes



curl up fireside & take in the view
























newport, rhode island - a world-class vacation destinationjust about everyone will find something appealing about newport. young adults and college students will love the vibrant nightlife scene, with over 100 bars and restaurants to choose from in an easily walkable town. they also love the access to beautiful sandy beaches, water sports and some of the best sailing anywhere in the world. 

newport is the classic coastal wedding destinationthose getting married here will find countless options for a seaside wedding, including opulent mansions, historic homes or maybe even just the sand between your toes on the beach. caterers, bands, wedding photographers and other wedding services are plentiful around newport ri, and make the usual daunting task of planning a wedding fun and exciting for everyone that attends the festivities. even young couples will enjoy the area, for its fine dining, shopping and historical mansion tours, and maybe a little surfing or just lounging in the sun with the waves crashing at your feet. families, too, love to visit because they can enjoy our beaches, visit our own little interactive aquarium, and go for family bike rides around newport's famous ocean drive.

newport is closer than you think
when you consider that newport, rhode island is less than a 3-hour drive from much of new england and new york city, and only a 30-minute drive from the providence airport, you can see why it is such a special place. you don't even have to worry about transportation when you get here, with most activities within walking distance, and plenty of public transportation around the city including taxis, bike taxis and city buses.

newport offers world-class dining, events & attractionsthe breathtaking coastline here ranges from white sandy beaches to rocky surf, and has entertained visitors for well over a century. events include festivals, mansion tours, and fine dining, all amidst cozy inns and world-class hotels located just steps from the atlantic ocean and all its charm. we'll show you some of the city's well-known hot spots - but also share special places we've discovered over the years for the best food, fun and entertainment. whether it's a self-guided tour of the largest collection of colonial homes in the country, a day of shopping and spa treatments, a tour of the region's award-winning vineyards, a sunset sail aboard an america's cup contender in newport's beautiful deep harbor or a quiet picnic spot surfside in the dunes, there is something for every moment of the day, every day of the year. make newport ri your next vacation destination - it's waiting for you to explore it all! 



◆ top 10 things to do in newport during september
◆ one of newport's best-kept secret beaches
◆ newport's historic point neighborhood
◆ exploring newport on a budget





destinationnewport.com
upcoming events full list
get up close with our harbor seals!jan thru aprilboard a tour boat and head out to rose island lighthouse where the harbor seals rest and play on the rocks during the winter months. a great experience for the whole family!winter funnow thru marchwinter is a great time to visit! enjoy hot new england clam chowder harborside, take a skate with the family, or just stroll through historic neighborhoods during a classic mid-winter snowfall... all without the crowds and traffic!st. patrick's day parademar 15the unofficial start of the season kicks off with one of the biggest celebrations in new england. many bars and restaurants open as early as 8am for the festivities. a day not to be missed!newport ri history toursdaily/weekendsnewport's history comes alive with indepth guided and self-guided walking tours all around the city. from newport's colonial past to its religions and politics, these tours will stir the imagination against the backdrop of cobblestone streets and gas-lit street lanterns.hot dining dealsoct - maywhen the temperatures drop, the restaurants heat up with great specials all winter long! sample some of the best food in new england for an unbeatable price!

 
 
 




explore newport

hotels & lodging
restaurants
nightlife
attractions
boating
recreation
shopping
weddings & events




general info / transportation

about newport / history
getting to newport
getting around newport
car rentals




sign up for specials






get unadvertised deals on newport lodging, dining & events
* indicates required

email address  *




first name 



last name 





 










contact
destinationnewport.com
           po box 218
           newport, ri 02840
           401.324.7145

contact us by email 
privacy policy
list your business on destinationnewport.com

 
 



 