





standeyo.com- welcome!


















































































































 







upcoming interviews




podcasts
search for stan deyo show – every thursday night 8 p.m. eastern
listen live on the truth be told radio network, www.truthbetoldnetwork.org/listen-live/

or on demand using smart speakers:
"alexa, play truth be told radio network"
"hey google, play truth be told radio network on tune in radio”
"siri, play truth be told radio network on tune in radio"

or listen on any of these 17 platforms:
truthbetoldnetwork.org/podcasts/
apple podcasts

watch on demand: 
rumble
x
  









standeyo / millennium-ark 

























tune into
														 stan's channel!
















stan's newest interviews









show images










 doug hagmann on nov. 19, watch starting 01:08:30
stan guests with doug hagmann on dec. 18, watch
stan guests with doug hagmann on dec. 17, watch
stan guests with chad young on the secret society of stuff, dec. 12, listen
stan guests with george noory on coast to coast am, dec. 11
stan guests with larry ragland on the big picture dec. 10, watch
stan guests with tina griffin on dec. 10 on counter culture mom, part 1
stan guests with tina griffin on dec. 10 on counter culture mom, part 2











 








            .
			

our books, dvds, flash drives and cds are 100% american-made.

 





last updated januaray 6, 2025 










protect your home, car, business, solar panels from emp,
								our biggest threat:


clear and present dangers: both the sun and nuclear weapons can produce emps – electro-magnetic pulse. these are major threats to people everywhere around the globe. holly and i installed an emp shield in our home to protect the electronics and to prevent a fire at the breaker box when the next emp hits. we suggest people who have back-up generators to protect them as well so they will have power for electrical devices and vehicles. it could make your home a vital hub for news and reconstruction in the neighborhood.

2 new sources for emp threats recently discovered: variations in the intensity of the solar wind can cause explosive disruptions to the earth's magnetic field which can cause localized emps. it's known that emps can be caused nuclear blasts overhead, as well as cmes and solar flares on the sun, but recently it was discovered such disruptions can be caused by sudden increases in the velocity of the solar wind. these 'disruptions' are called re-connection events in the earth's magnetic field. they can produce smaller, localized emps on the earth — even on the side facing away from the sun. see coronal mass ejections and their increasing threat moving forward and violent solar storms are happening closer to earth than anyone thought was possible.

on nov. 22, 2017, our emp shield received accreditation from keystone compliance llc (pittsburg), which is an officially recognized testing lab for the dept. of defense. 2018 and 2019 test results are available here. the emp shield is easy to install. download simple 2-page instructions here. if you're unfamiliar with the emp threat, watch stan's video. he is co-inventor of the emp shield. email stan standeyo@standeyo.com or phone him 719-547-9100 with any questions.

when ordering either online or through stan directly, save $50 each unit. enter stan's founder's code for your discount: deyo-shield. for your convenience, use the qr code on the right. at check out, be sure to scroll down and hit apply to activate your discount.

										taiwan makes 98% of the computer chips that america needs. china is looking to take over that country. emp shield has stepped up and is building our own factory. emp shield is america made, america invested: for americans, by americans.




u.s. patent no.: 10,530,151 b2 — date of patent: jan. 7, 2020 — www.empshield.com
australian patent no.: 2019206390 b2 — date of patent: june 10, 2021
international patent no.: wo 2019/139933 a1 — date of patent: july 18, 2019
canadian patent no.: ca 3 088 002 c — date of patent: october 18, 2022


















luke 10:7 .... for the laborer is worthy of his hire 


if you find our ministry worthy, please consider supporting it. we are thankful for those who already do, but we need to expand our outreach with new venues and equipment. there is an easy way for you to join us in sharing witness tools for all ages.

										our patreon site <https://patreon.com/standeyo> lets us interact with members via posts, videos and images and allows us to discuss issues through this private forum. our tier 1 members who donate $3 are supporting patrons who see our posts and notices. our tier 2 patrons who donate $5 or more to see posts, images and videos. we also hold monthly live discussions on skype or similar platforms with our tier 3 patrons who pledge at least $15/month.


















i stan's bio i holly's bio i copyright i contact us i statement of faith i deyos of america i home of heroes i 















