
















pritzker school of medicine | the university of chicago
































  90


  students per class




  6


  student-run free clinics




  100


  percent of students engage in research

 



  get started
 


  how to apply


  check application status






        
  our mission

  

at the university of chicago, in an atmosphere of interdisciplinary scholarship and discovery, the pritzker school of medicine is dedicated to inspiring diverse students of exceptional promise to become leaders and innovators in science and medicine for the betterment of humanity.
the pritzker school of medicine is a private professional school within the university of chicago's biological sciences division (bsd), where faculty are appointed and departments are located, and is affiliated with the university of chicago medicine academic health system.




basic/translational sciences


clinical research


health services & data science


community health


global health


healthcare delivery improvement sciences


medical education






md


md-phd


md-mba


md-am


md-mph





explore our curriculum











  the university of chicago

one of the world's premier academic and research institutions, the university of chicago has driven new ways of thinking since our 1890 founding. today, uchicago is an intellectual destination that draws inspired scholars to our hyde park and international campuses, keeping uchicago at the nexus of ideas that challenge and change the world.










  meet the dean for medical education

vineet arora, md, mapp. in this role, she oversees medical education across the continuum of education, including for students in the pritzker school of medicine, for all residents and fellows in graduate medical education programs at university of chicago medicine, faculty continuing education, and provides leadership for the simulation center.













why pritzker?


                  
  mission-driven

                
our students say our academic and research reputation, the quality of our faculty, and the success of our graduates all influenced their decision to choose pritzker for their medical education.

  learn more about...


the university of chicago and hyde park
our deans
our students
health equity, diversity, and inclusion
career advising
the university of chicago's shared mission, vision, and values










  get an inside look at pritzker










  medical education day highlights potential of ai in education and practice









  pritzker m2 alausa receives mlk legacy award from chicago bulls









  pritzker & ucm win prestigious aamc award for community engagement












                  
  making a difference

                
all students at pritzker have the opportunity to participate in service-learning activities throughout medical school: working alongside fellow students, faculty, and community members during the days of service; providing clinical care at our student-run free clinics; or leading health education activities at our partner schools.


student-run free clinics
community-based medical education









  life at pritzker















                  
  what's happening this quarter

                
winter has arrived in hyde park! first-year students continue their pre-clinical studies while second-year students are preparing for step 2, scholarship & discovery and the beginning of their clinical training. m3s are rotating through clerkships in the hospital, and fourth-year students are finishing residency interviews while eagerly awaiting match day.


road to residency
applying to pritzker
clerkships
summer research program









  visitor information













  the university of chicago


  pritzker school of medicine


  biological sciences learning center


  924 e. 57th street, suite 104


  chicago, il 60637


  773.702.1939

© 2025 
  the university of chicago




biological sciences division


uchicago medicine


hospital paging


medical and biological sciences alumni association


my.uchicago


uchicago directory


website feedback


accessibility






x







linkedin







instagram







facebook







youtube







tiktok











