







	
	hawaii doe | home page



















































































































					    	hawaiʻi state department of education
					    	
ka ʻoihana hoʻonaʻauao o ke aupuni hawaiʻi






it looks like your browser does not have javascript enabled. please turn on javascript and try again.










school calendar
	                            





find schools
	                            





site
	                                
	map                                    






                                    staff login
	                            











vision for success
                                

transforming schools & results
                                







advancing education
                                            

driving transformation in our public schools via the strategic plan.
                                            




school data & reports
                                            

school- and state-level reports, information about student privacy.
                                            




success stories
                                            

from students to volunteers, staff to partners, our schools have winners.
                                            




newsletters
                                            

sign up to get stories from our public schools delivered to your inbox.
                                            









teaching & learning
                                

curriculum, instruction & testing
                                







student learning
                                            

creating lifelong learners through specialized programs.
                                            




testing
                                            

state assessment, end of course exams, advanced placement, more.
                                            




specialized programs
                                            

tailored learning opportunities to meet the needs of all students.
                                            




college & career readiness
                                            

opportunities to accelerate learning for exceptionally talented students.
                                            




health & nutrition
                                            

keeping students healthy, happy and ready to learn.
                                            




educator effectiveness
                                            

teachers are evaluated and mentored to boost student success.
                                            




education innovation
                                            

alternative schooling systems recognized by the department.
                                            




adult education
                                            

information about the ged and community schools for adults.
                                            









beyond the classroom
                                

student programs & services
                                







extracurricular activities
                                            

showcasing the diversity of student life: athletics, the arts, leadership.
                                            




after school programs
                                            

ways to keep students engaged when class is out for the day.
                                            




transportation
                                            

bus rates, eligibility, program information and application.
                                            




safe schools
                                            

when students feel safe and secure, they can learn.
                                            




library services
                                            

resources that enhance students’ ability to learn.
                                            




drivers education
                                            

we train students to become responsible and safe drivers.
                                            









parents & students
                                

resources & tools
                                







grade-level overview
                                            

from kindergarten to graduation, follow our educational path.
                                            




enrolling in school
                                            

everything you need to know about enrolling your child in our schools.
                                            




contests & enrichment
                                            

students can enrich their learning, bolster portfolios and win prizes.
                                            




support for students
                                            

out-of-classroom resources to help students with learning, projects.
                                            




support for parents
                                            

community services, support groups and more.
                                            




military families
                                            

specialized resources for families in hawaii on deployment.
                                            




moving to hawaii
                                            

e komo mai! resources for families making the move to the aloha state.
                                            









connect with us
                                

about the department
                                







organization
                                            

meet the key leaders, offices at the department.
                                            




vendors
                                            

contracting with the department for facilities, food services.
                                            




employment
                                            

the 25,000-strong department is always looking for new talent.
                                            




partnerships
                                            

our student programs are aided by our partners.
                                            




get involved
                                            

opportunities for students, staff, parents, business, community.
                                            




alumni & transcripts
                                            

stay connected with the department after graduation.
                                            




media room
                                            

latest news, archived press releases and our media kit.
                                            




contact us
                                            

key numbers, send feedback, report problems. we want to hear from you.
                                            




faq
                                            

frequently asked questions of the department.
                                            


























                                        2023-29 strategic plan
                                    

                                        implementation plan
                                    

                                        a foundation of expectations & supports to ensure high quality learning for all students.
                                    

                                        in february 2023, the board of education approved the first phase of its 2023-2029 strategic plan. the second phase, the departmen...                            
                                    
read more










                                        student transportation
                                    

                                        school bus services
                                    

                                        transportation services are offered to students enrolled in hawaii's public schools.
                                    

                                        transportation services are offered to students enrolled in hawaii's public schools. the student transportation services branch wo...                            
                                    
read more










                                        school year 2024-25
                                    

                                        how to enroll
                                    

                                        the process and documentation, including the student health record, needed for enrollment.
                                    

                                        students enrolling in our public schools must have documentation proving they are residents of the state and if necessary, documen...                            
                                    
read more










                                        job opportunities
                                    

                                        we're hiring!
                                    

                                        looking for qualified teachers and other professionals for schools, offices.
                                    

                                        welcome to the hawai‘i state department of education (hidoe). year-round, we hire an array of teachers, educational specialists an...                            
                                    
read more










                                        moving to hawaii
                                    

                                        military families
                                    

                                        about 11 percent of our students are military connected. get resources here.
                                    

                                        the department works with the interstate compact to smooth the experience for military families who enroll their children in hawai...                            
                                    
read more
















                        special education
                    

                        the department offers support and services to students with disabilities.
                    
learn more



                        riding the bus
                    

                        eligibility, pricing, and how to apply for student transportation.
                    
learn more



                        school food services
                    

                        school food authority proudly serving 100,000+ nutritionally balanced, affordable meals.
                    
learn more









featured article






                hawai‘i’s 4th graders post math gains on ‘the nation’s report card’
                

                hawai‘i was one of only 15 states to post a statistically significant improvement in fourth-grade math scores, surpassing the national average by 2 points for a second consecutive naep assessment.
                
read more









						    news & articles				
					    






						    popular articles
					    







 
it looks like your browser does not have javascript enabled. please turn on javascript and try again.



 
february 2025https://www.hawaiipublicschools.org/visionforsuccess/newsletters/superintendentreport/pages/february-2025.aspxfebruary 2025in the feb. 2025 report to the board of education (boe), superintendent keith hayashi provided an update on the education-related bills that the department is actively monitoring, shared the student transportation after-action report, and presented key findings from an independent audit of delays with some teacher paychecks. hoʻohaʻaheo newsletter, sy-2024-25https://www.hawaiipublicschools.org/visionforsuccess/newsletters/hoohaaheo/pages/hoohaaheo-newsletter-archive,-sy-2024-25.aspxhoʻohaʻaheo newsletter, sy-2024-25as the department's primary publication, we aim to live up to the meaning of ha‘aheo – to cherish with pride – by bolstering and sustaining pride in public education and touting the successes happening across our system.hidoe to restore two additional school bus routes in east hawaiʻi starting next mondayhttps://www.hawaiipublicschools.org/connectwithus/mediaroom/pressreleases/pages/feb-10-bus-route-restorations.aspxhidoe to restore two additional school bus routes in east hawaiʻi starting next mondaytwo previously suspended school bus routes serving pāhoa high & intermediate, pāhoa elementary and keonepoko elementary  will be reinstated starting next monday, feb. 10.kailua and kalani high schools recognized as hawaiʻi schools of democracyhttps://www.hawaiipublicschools.org/connectwithus/mediaroom/pressreleases/pages/kailua-high-and-kalani-high-recognized-as-hawaiʻi-schools-of-democracy.aspxkailua and kalani high schools recognized as hawaiʻi schools of democracykailua and kalani high schools recognized as the newest hawaiʻi schools of democracy, highlighting a renewed attention on civics educationkauaʻi middle school counselor named 2025 hawai‘i school counselor of the yearhttps://www.hawaiipublicschools.org/connectwithus/mediaroom/pressreleases/pages/kauaʻi-middle-school-counselor-named-2025-hawai‘i-school-counselor-of-the-year.aspxkauaʻi middle school counselor named 2025 hawai‘i school counselor of the yearnoelani butcher of chiefess kamakahelei middle school in līhuʻe was named the 2025 american school counselor association’s (asca) hawai‘i school counselor of the year.niu valley middle and waimea high vice principals recognized as state’s 2025 assistant principals of the yearhttps://www.hawaiipublicschools.org/connectwithus/mediaroom/pressreleases/pages/niu-valley-middle-and-waimea-high-vice-principals-recognized-as-state’s-2025-assistant-principals-of-the-year.aspxniu valley middle and waimea high vice principals recognized as state’s 2025 assistant principals of the yearvice principal marlyn hutton of niu valley middle and vice principal penny vess of waimea high to represent hawai‘i among nation’s top assistant principals.


see all news & articles




 
it looks like your browser does not have javascript enabled. please turn on javascript and try again.



 
subject matter standardshttps://www.hawaiipublicschools.org/teachingandlearning/studentlearning/pages/standards.aspxsubject matter standardsbelow is a list of the standards that the hawaii doe use to ensure students are being exposed to rigorous and age-appropriate benchmarks of learning. standards are not curriculum, but expectations of what students should know and be able to do at each grade level. visit our learning design site to learn more about curriculum design aligned to standards.current salary scheduleshttps://www.hawaiipublicschools.org/connectwithus/employment/workinginhawaii/pages/current-salary-schedules.aspxcurrent salary schedulescurrent salary schedules for the department.hawaiipayhttps://www.hawaiipublicschools.org/connectwithus/pages/hawaiipay.aspxhawaiipaythe hawaiipay project is led by the dept. of accounting and general services in partnership with the office of enterprise technology services to modernize payroll and time & attendance systems serving roughly 63,000 full- and part-time employees statewide.hidoe covid-19 information and updateshttps://www.hawaiipublicschools.org/connectwithus/mediaroom/pressreleases/pages/covid-19-information-updates.aspxhidoe covid-19 information and updatesthis resource page provides updates to the public on confirmed covid-19 cases in the hidoe system.substitute teacher reporting systemhttps://www.hawaiipublicschools.org/connectwithus/employment/jobopportunities/pages/substitute-notifications.aspxsubstitute teacher reporting systemthe department uses a digital accounting system — the teacher-substitute employee automated system (tseas) — for schools to report, update and/or cancel teacher absences, which send automatic notifications to registered substitutes to alert them of work opportunities. nā hopena a‘o (hā) https://www.hawaiipublicschools.org/teachingandlearning/studentlearning/hawaiianeducation/pages/ha.aspxnā hopena a‘o (hā) a department-wide framework to develop the skills, behaviors and dispositions that are reminiscent of hawaiʻi’s unique context, and to honor the qualities and values of the indigenous language and culture of hawaiʻi.


see all popular articles






connect with us





facebook







vimeo







twitter






tweets
tweets by @hidoe808




upcoming events




		        full district calendar
            



feb 17 - holiday: presidents' day - holiday: presidents' day
            

mar 14 - last day of quarter 3 - last day of quarter 3
            

mar 17 - spring break - spring break
            





















hawaiʻi state department of education offices

superintendent   |  
								curriculum and instructional design   |  
								facilities and operations   |  
								fiscal services   |  
								information technology services


strategy, innovation and performance   |  
								student support services   |  
								talent management


stay informed on the latest news, stories and events from hawai‘i public schools






subscribe











© hawaiʻi state department of education
1390 miller st. honolulu, hi 96813


nondiscrimination policy  | 
	                        				
accessibility  | 
	                        				terms of use



usda nondiscrimination statement


 

connect with us:


phone:808-784-6200

email:doeinfo@k12.hi.us


hidoe directory


 

 


facebook

vimeo






instagram





linkedin



















