







 pass the word services:  authentic manuscript reproductions on-line and
more...


 



...
  our intent is to electronically share materials, documents, and manuscripts (some very old
  and some not-so-old) whose contents were, at some time, deemed to be of great spiritual
  value ... and which, for whatever reasons, are presently not easily accessible through
  other media ... and to present them in a format that can clearly be read on-screen or
  easily and freely printed by visitors via their web-browsers ... for their own personal
  use, study and spiritual enlightenment ...


authentic
on-line manuscript reproductions 
dialogs & documents from the past
    ||    shaker manuscripts on-line    ||  
   miguel de
molinos
jacob boehme  
  ||     jane lead     ||     thomas bromley    ||     francis lee, m.d.
  william
law     ||    francois fenelon / madame
jeanne guyon
abstinence
& self denial    ||
    gospel rediscovery
spiritual diagnostics  
      
what is going on in the
world?  

~ ~ ~
.
. .  news from pass the word services to all site visitors . . . 

    a 21st century
prophetess of god has appeared in the on-line realms !    
     read the
2024 report 






about  the manuscripts
    what are they?  where did they come from?
    who wrote them?  why are they here?  
    who are they for?  
    who is passtheword?  
why are the documents copyrighted? ... etc.
reading manuscripts on-screen
tips for easier on-screen reading &
    suggestions for those with impaired vision,
    including how to produce a large-print
    hardcopy edition of a given manuscript. 


printing the manuscripts
    step by step instructions.
    customizing page headers/footers.
    what if you have no computer? 
more background on copyrights.
    suggestions for linking to manuscripts ... etc.





copyright notice    

all electronic-texts © 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,
2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 
2009,  2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2017, 2020, 2021, 2023.
2024   pass the word services.     
     
e-text copyrights renew with each published update.   
 





beloved
      visitor and reader,
the
      most high god has led you here, in his providence at this time in your walk upon the
      earth, to do you good.    we invite you to partake of these writings, left to us
      by his servants, most of whom have long passed from this realm.   
in
      the words of a precious brother who has gone before us ... 



"
        if through his infinite mercy, you have had a personal experience already of the matters
        herein written, your heart will be filled with thanksgiving and praise as you read. 
        if not, you will find many things strange, and it would not be surprising if you should be
        ready to pronounce some untrue.  but beware of being wise in your own conceit! 
        the spirit of god, that searcheth the deep things of god, alone can decide."


 
        "do not distrust the reports of these spies whom god has sent before you into the
        promised land.  it is a land flowing with milk and honey;  true, the children of
        anak are there, in whose sight we are but as grasshoppers, but they are bread for
        us.  the lord god, he it is that shall fight for us, and he will surely bring us into
        that exceeding good land."
 
        "the natural man receiveth not the things of god, for they are foolishness unto
        him;  neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned.  if,
        then, you have not experienced the things that you find here written, think it not strange
        that they should seem foolish and false;  in god's own time they shall be perceived,
        if you follow on in him."
  "if you will be
        advised by one who knows nothing, and who is least in the household of faith, you will
        deny nothing — reject nothing — despise nothing, lest haply you be found
        fighting against god; you will receive nothing but what is accompanied by the amen
        of the spirit of god in your heart;  all else shall be as the idle wind.  
        reading thus, in absolute dependence, not upon man's wisdom or teaching, but upon the
        utterances of the blessed spirit within, you shall infallibly be guided into all
        truth.  such is the promise of him who cannot lie. "


 
        "and may his blessing rest upon you ! "   



james w.
      metcalf — 1853


 





email: ptw services


