




 


guild of oregon woodworkers - home









home

















log in



























remember me
forgot password










newsletter


contact us

  calendar       

 



home



newsletters




contact us




donations




sponsors







join the guild



joining the guild - info for prospective members




why join the guild




who we are




gift certificates




woodworking resources







members



news and announcements




membership information




membership renewal or upgrade




volunteer opportunities



purchase ordering catalog







professional members directory




organization info



board of directors







library




forums



buy/sell & free items




woodworking tools




woodworking topics







videos & documents



vday videos




project build videos




sig videos




general meeting videos










community outreach



community outreach




scholarships




hire a woodworker




community projects



toy team




project build




local projects







shows



gotg booth registration







estate assistance







education



guild education program




guild safety classes`




guild woodworking classes




other learning options




guild education how to




education volunteers




special interest groups - sigs




education calendar







guild shop



about guild shop




using the shop




buy shop time




equipment list




shop and studio manuals







shop safety



about safety










home



guild of oregon woodworkers



  









who we are
our charter is to promote the craft of woodworking to the woodworkers of today and tomorrow. we welcome everyone as members irrespective of race, religion or other affiliation.
education - over 150 classes a year
community service - serving non-profits
woodworking shop - professional equipment
why should i join the guild?
the guild is here for you and the community. we aspire to enrich each and every guild member by promoting fun, fellowship, and safe woodworking
we consider volunteering to be a critical role of members for the guild to meet its goals.  by participating in guild activities you can advance your woodworking skills while at the same time give back to the community – a true win-win opportunity.why join - more information











membership policy: new membership is limited every monthto better serve our members, we limit membership so we have enough staff to train and verify that they can use the shop safely.more about joining the guild.

latest news - what's coming in the guilda quick view of the latest news and what's happening in next few months in the guild  here

guild catalog 
the guild
catalog is open to all members for ordering a limited range of guild gear. keep
track of your volunteer hours from jan 1 to june 31 this year and keep an eye out in the weekly
 ‘guild update’ for notices of the vap reporting schedule in july 2025,





















how do i find out about classes, meetings and eventsall the guild activities are viewable from our calendarsguild calendar - shows all events at one placeshop calendar - schedule shop time, register for eventseducation calendar - register for classes here

education opportunities
our main activity is teaching and keeping you safe. 
safety – we offer a guild safety class twice per month which is needed to take classes and use the shop.  additional safety classes are required for using the machine room
classes - classes range from 4 hour sessions to 5 day sessions.  see our class catalog.
skill classes – for using power tools such as table saws, bandsaws, routers, etc.  see here.
project classes - hands-on classes where students make projects for sale or donation.  a toy build group makes toys for donation to needy kids and facilities.
sigs -  special interest groups for women,  hand tools, boxes and cnc tools.

 















donate












 










powered by wild apricot membership software
















