










	the parapsychological association














sign up and create a profile or log in










the parapsychological association








						home



								about us





						join the pa



						news 



								rss feed





						photos



						blogs



						faqs



						member forum



						events



						contact us

































pa convention
the psi agora
global parapsychology symposium
join the parapsychological association
journal of parapsychology











news

support the pa during this season of giving.
published on friday, december 20, 2024
the parapsychological association (pa) is at the forefront of exploring the boundaries of human potential. through our publications, events, awards, and grants, we connect a global community of scientists, scholars, and enthusiasts dedicated to this  ... more


2025 pa convention travel & accommodations
published on friday, december 6, 2024
meeting site location address:   studierendenwerk freiburg "haus zur lieben hand" : löwenstrasse 16, 79098 freiburg im breisgau. locate the venue by searching "haus zur lieben hand freiburg" on google maps . the event  ... more


2025 pa convention call for submissions
published on sunday, november 24, 2024
a call for submissions for the 2025 pa convention, with a deadline of sunday, february 2, 2025, has been published in the mindfield bulletin.  view the call more

more breaking news
















							about the pa



							news



							membership



									board of directors



									international liaisons



									become a member



									pa student committee





							events



									2025 pa convention



									2024 pa convention video replay



									pa student events



									online symposia



									the psi agora



									convention history & abstracts





							publications



									mindfield bulletin



									journal of parapsychology



									ethical and professional standards



									pa convention proceedings archive





							mentorship program



							book awards



							career awards



									schmeidler outstanding student award



									outstanding mentorship award



									outstanding contribution award



									outstanding career award



									charles honorton integrative contributions award





							grants



									parapsychological association research endowment



									gilbert roller fund



									robert l. morris student travel fund





							university education in parapsychology



							frequently asked questions



							glossary of psi



							skepticism



							support the pa



							psi articles




 





	the parapsychological association is an international professional organization of scientists and scholars engaged in the study of psi (or 'psychic') experiences, such as telepathy, clairvoyance, psychokinesis, psychic healing, and precognition. first established in 1957, the pa has been an affiliated organization of the american association for the advancement of science since 1969.	the mission of the pa is to: 		promote scholarship and scientific inquiry into currently unexplained aspects of human experience 		disseminate responsible information to the wider public and to the scientific community 		integrate this information with knowledge from other disciplines	as a non-profit, non-adjudicating organization, the pa endorses no ideologies or beliefs other than the value of rigorous scientific and scholarly inquiry. there is a level of membership for everyone interested in the scientific and scholarly advancement of parapsychology. join or donate today.







about us
privacy policy
 rss feed
activity stream
contact us


© 2025 the parapsychological association. all rights reserved.












