


 





find aftermarket truck parts from s&s truck parts llc























 











javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    


















































        skip to content    






compare





customer service: 844.446.7388

about us





account login

contact us



 
                            my account                        


 






compare





































 






we have combined the best of midwest & s&s to bring you over 30,000 quality parts. this includes thousands of light duty truck and automotive parts.our brands now include: over a century of expertiseboth companies have a very long history of high quality aftermarket parts & expert sales combined with the best customer support. this experience goes into every part we sell. our customers include warehouse distributors, dealerships and more.the best choice for light-duty drivelinecombining heavy duty truck and light duty automotive expands our product lines to include the following brands:motive gear offers the widest range of ring & pinion gearing options in the industry. with a primary focus on the off-road performance and enthusiast, motive gear has the right gearing, axles, transfer case components, and installation kits for you and your customers.the ten factory brand is synonymous with off-road racing and performance. proven in trophy trucks running the baja 1,000 & across the country, ten factory complete axle kits and driveshafts come with a “real world” 10-year warranty.richmond gear is one of the pioneers in using 9310 chromoly steel for ring & pinions, yielding incredibly strong and ductile gearing for everything from drag racers to modern muscle cars. richmond transmissions also have a long winning history nascar & other race series. winners run richmond!powertrax extreme traction solutions range from the lock-right original lunchbox locker and its quieter counterpart, no-slip to the complete line of grip limited slip differentials and lockers.air & brakebearings & sealsbody & cabinchassis partsdrivelineelectricalengineexhaustfifth wheelheavy dutyhvachardwarelight dutymarinemilitarypower steeringpto & hydraulicrotating electricsteeringtools & accessoriestrailerwheel attachingwe carry aftermarket parts for the most popular truck brandsfreightlinerinternationalkenworthpeterbiltvolvomackfeatured productswhy s&s?businessacumenbusinessanalyticsscorecardsr&d testingqaprivatelabelcustomer loyalty& retentionabout us






back to top







s&s truck parts, llc., the parent company of newstar, supplies parts & components for medium & heavy duty applications. superior customer service & support set s&s apart from the rest.

















exploredistribution network
contact usworld american
motive gear
ten factory
richmond gear
powertrax



contact usphone: united states
customer service: 844.446.7388local phone: 847.584.2000toll-free: 1.800.621.1553
phone: international
mexico: 001.800.727.8373 or 1.800.010.5220corporate headquarters
s&s truck parts llc600 w. irving park roadschaumburg, il 60193

have a question? contact your sales rep.





customer service
(844) 446-7388
orderdesk@sandstruck.com














copyright  s&s truck parts llc. all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms & conditions | warranty & returns 
 

