
deprecated:  __autoload() is deprecated, use spl_autoload_register() instead in /home4/enchaoj3/public_html/wp-includes/compat.php on line 502
enchanted garden – where shopping is fun!     
  
homeeaster & springmardi grasgiftsjewelry & accessoriesalpha kappa alphachristmascontact








the enchanted garden

homeeaster & springmardi grasgiftsjewelry & accessoriesalpha kappa alphachristmascontact

welcome to the enchanting worldofthe enchanted gardenwhere shopping is fun!shreveport-bossier’s “must-see” shopcelebrating 37 years, owner deb beckman cockrell invites you to explore nine rooms filled with everything from jewelry and ladies accessories to louisiana specialties, toys for all ages, seasonal specialties and unique gifts.you’re sure to discover many wonderful items you’ve never seen before!we hope this small collection of treasures from the enchanted garden will entice you to visit our enchanting wonderland. come, enjoy our southern hospitality and service, as well as our beautiful complimentary gift wrap.featured products



one-of-a-kind custom masks 



louisiana roomvisitors and locals alike love our louisiana room featuring many fleur-de-lis items, cookbooks, towels, mugs, bowls and plates, flags and doormats, christmas ornaments, gourmet items, books by local authors and souvenirs.  exclusive enchanted garden items include shreveport-bossier hand towels and aprons as well as colorful one-of-a-kind mardi gras masks designed exclusively for the enchanted garden.   we are proud of our special shreveport-bossier area and have a large selection of free brochures and information on local events, landmarks, attractions, restaurants and the best of shreveport-bossier.
visitors and locals alike love our louisiana room featuring many fleur-de-lis items, cookbooks, towels, mugs, bowls and plates, flags and doormats, christmas ornaments, gourmet items, books by local authors and souvenirs.  exclusive enchanted garden items include shreveport-bossier hand towels and aprons as well as colorful one-of-a-kind mardi gras masks designed exclusively for the enchanted garden.   we are proud of our special shreveport-bossier area and have a large selection of free brochures and information on local events, landmarks, attractions, restaurants and the best of shreveport-bossier.



great gourmetyummy gourmet items include delicious ready-to-eat praline popcorn and  flavored pecan candies.  easy to prepare savory party cracker seasonings,  praline mix, hot cocoa, aspen mulling spice drink mix, desserts and dips by the resident chef and captain rodney's boucan glaze that is great for grilling and makes a delicious cheese bake!  and you won't want to miss the delicious strawberry or raspberry jalapeno jam or wind and willow assorted cheese ball and soup mixes.  perfect for making or giving!
yummy gourmet items include delicious ready-to-eat praline popcorn and  flavored pecan candies.  easy to prepare savory party cracker seasonings,  praline mix, hot cocoa, aspen mulling spice drink mix, desserts and dips by the resident chef and captain rodney's boucan glaze that is great for grilling and makes a delicious cheese bake!  and you won't want to miss the delicious strawberry or raspberry jalapeno jam or wind and willow assorted cheese ball and soup mixes.  perfect for making or giving!



sterling kameleon jewelry  interchangeable jewelpops®classic, elegant kameleon jewelry will be timeless additions to any jewelry collection. create your special look with your choice of dozens of sterling silver rings, bracelets, earrings and pendants that hold hundreds of beautiful colorful, elegant, sparkly interchangeable jewelpops®.  warning: collecting jewelpops® is highly addictive. 
classic, elegant kameleon jewelry will be timeless additions to any jewelry collection. create your special look with your choice of dozens of sterling silver rings, bracelets, earrings and pendants that hold hundreds of beautiful colorful, elegant, sparkly interchangeable jewelpops®.  warning: collecting jewelpops® is highly addictive.



glycerin toy soaps 



kitty and puppy playmates 



purple and green reversible purse with small bag 



mermaid & shark blankie tails 



whimsical clocksour whimsical wall clocks will bring smiles to all ages checking on the time of day.

our whimsical wall clocks will bring smiles to all ages checking on the time of day.



michel design soapswe have dozens of wonderfully fragrant michel design soaps, lotions, candles, bubble bath, foaming soaps, and guest towels. made in england.
we have dozens of wonderfully fragrant michel design soaps, lotions, candles, bubble bath, foaming soaps, and guest towels. made in england.



gingersnap jewelry  interchangeable snaps
gingersnap jewelry  interchangeable snaps



delightful artisan soaps 












2429 line avenue (at prospect)
shreveport, la 71104
(318) 227-1213
 enchantedgardenshreveport

                
