






access north center for independent living of northeastern minnesota




















skip to content





home
contact us
services
pca choice/traditional
careers
newsletters
consumerstories
access northemail

 








employee payroll login


click for larger text



















 


                                    offices located in: 
                                    hibbing 
                                    - 
                                    duluth 
                                    - 
                                    brainerd 

                                    new office hours starting january 1, 2025 - 
								all offices will now be open monday - thursday from 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.






  see our latest employment opportunities 



                                  access north recognizes that our employees are our
									    greatest strengths. as our company continues to grow, we understand the importance
								    	of building a skilled, dedicated and compassionate team of people that truly want to
									    make a difference in the lives of those living with disabilities.

	                                visit our career page to see the latest positions available in all of our service areas!
								
 






access north referrals




										we are excited to announce that we are adding 4 new home and community based services (hcbs). by adding these new services, we will reach more consumers and have the ability to assist them to remain in their home and to also be a support for them while engaging in the community. hcbs are services provided to a person who needs support to live in the home and or to engage in the community. these services are provided in the person’s own home and community, and they are directed at increasing and maintaining the person’s physical, intellectual, emotional and social functioning. services can include assistance to develop, maintain or improve skills related to activities of daily living (adls). the new services that we are adding are, individual community living supports, personal supports, individualized home support and in home family supports services.
                                    


									if you need more information on these services or would like to refer someone to access north for these or other services, please reach out to referral@accessnorth.net.  you can download our referral form below. 
								

access north referral form





access north is designated as a covid community coordinator organization




										as a covid community coordinator we are committed to supporting the people of northeastern minnesota to get updated information on information related to covid-19, especially people with disabilities, seniors and other vulnerable populations.  
									    our staff are here to support you in identifying where and when vaccination,  and directly supporting you in online registration for vaccinations and testing.   this pandemic has impacted people in so many different ways.  the loss of jobs, the social isolation and the challenges faced with educating our children safely are only a few of the numerous challenges we all face.  we are also your resource if you have questions on unemployment insurance, housing issues, food access, transportation, testing, vaccinations or general questions on covid-19.  if we don’t have an answer, we will get you to someone that does!





 

current events




										notice: if you are in need of some essential items, we now have free pantries in hibbing  and brainerd offices!!!!  free and open to the public.
stocked weekly until further notice.
please take only what you need and leave the rest for others in need! 
you are welcome to return, but we ask that you limit your visits to once per week.
      
									




 

corporal jon schneider's story







										please listen to disabled u.s. marine corporal jon schneider's story of homelessness and his 
                                        struggle to transition to civilian life following his honorable discharge after 10 years of service.
                                    


									steve backholm (independent living specialist in our walker office) helped jon find an apartment, 
									furniture, pots/pans, furniture, learn to cook and other items he needed to establish a fresh start.  
									please click the link below to hear his story in his own words...
								






story transcription


									for other stories like corporal jon schneider's, please use the link below to navigate to our consumer stories pages:
									
consumer stories








take our survey







	                                    your feedback is valuable in helping us serve our consumers the best way possible and to meet their 
	                                    changing needs.
	                                

survey








 
                                        sign up to stay in touch! 




										if you would like to receive our newsletter electronically, please click on the link below to 
										join our mailing list.
									


join our mailing list







 support access north 




									access north relies on the generosity of our friends, neighbors and community members. you can now 
									donate to access north through the secure paypal method!
								











										you may also donate in person/by mail.
									


                                    please make checks payable to access north and send to:
                                

                                    1309 east 40th street
                                    hibbing, mn 55746
                                









                                            if you are in need of a service and/or information and cannot find it - please, ask us. we will 
                                            do our best to answer any questions and provide you with the information you need.
                                    

                                        
                                            regarding services - we will refer you if there is an existing service that you do not know 
                                            about.  if there is no service to meet your needs, we will do our best to try and assist you.
                                    

											we look forward to helping you.
                                            please use the link below to contact us.
                                    

info@accessnorth.net











                                    search the internet with "goodsearch" engine and
                                    support access north with each search!
                                








										access north is a tax-exempt organization.  all donations are tax-deductible. 
										access north never sells or gives away donor lists or information.
									






additional servicesand information


                                            access north service area
ramp project
assistive technology
veteran's services
nursing home relocation
life transition
support groups and independent 
                                            living skills classes

links

miscellaneous links
health and prescriptions
                                        
employment
housing
                                        
home adaptations publication
home adaptation links

                                            transportation

                                            assistive technology and mobility links

independent living links

history of independent living
americans with disabilities act
u.s. cil listing

                                            minnesota cil listing
minnesota association of centers for 
                                            independent living

connect with us online

join our mailing list
facebook
twitter
contact your legislators








            copyright 2025 access north center for independent living of northeastern minnesota | all rights reserved

 privacy policy


 

