ï»¿



  






spottedanywhere


























  










home
spotted
solution
promotion
contact us
login























 




 




 




 




 




 




 










why choose us
your home & office security alarm systems, your surveillance systems & your gate are all integrated with instant notification; you receive sms alert anywhere
read more 




why choose us






surveillance / cctv




surveillance / cctv benefits  

there are many benefits of using a cctv security system. some are obvious, others less so. in our experience our clients report a number of immediate and tangible benefits after having a cctv system installed.






kilinda... protect your car pap !!!
protect your vehicle with kilinda a different type of car security other than car tracker, relay, cut-off or alarm system. 
how kilinda works?

kilinda locks all your vehicle brakes when the door is closed and releases when your security information matches.
no one will be able to drive your car even when they are capable of starting the engine. 
the mechanical lock only uses battery only when locking or unlocking the unit. 
while driving, the wheels will not be locked because no power to kilinda.
cutting of the kilinda wire will not affect the system.
kilinda can be installed in all vehicles.








our solutions
get kilinda gari yako haitaenda ! 









alarm system
if you think about a car alarm in its simplest form, it is nothing but one or more sensors connected to some sort of siren with relays and cut-off-switch.





vehicle gps tracking
a vehicle tracking system combines the use of gps with software that collects data for a comprehensive picture of  vehicle locations, including direction, speed, idle time, start / stop and more.





kilinda
kilinda is installed between the pipes of master cylinder (brake system) and brake disk (or drim brake). all four wheels are locked immediately when you lock the door manuallyor if you have central locking system.









our promotions
compare your cameras if you have one with ours; you decide. 
view all cameras 




cctv





cctv





cctv





cctv





cctv





cctv





cctv









get kilinda gari yako haitaenda !
contact us: we have the technology 








â© 2016 spottedanywhere. all rights reserved. 































