










the lost realm | i don't know, it's all geek to me	




















































skip to primary contentskip to secondary content


the lost realm
i don't know, it's all geek to me


 

search




main menu






post navigation
← older posts




happy birthday, blog (thanks for making me feel old)

posted on october 29, 2021  by  lionfire 


20 years ago — well before wordpress existed — i wrote my own blogging engine (called blat) and launched this blog.  while i did eventually give up on blat, this site is still the longest running project i’ve worked on.
while i don’t write much these days, all the old posts are still here (including all the broken links and the embarrassing things that 20-years-ago-leon thought were worth clever).  you can still read about the weird stuff my kids got up to, some sad poetry i wrote, and that time i compared my (now ex-)wife to exploded whale guts.  it’s ok; she asked me to.  sort of.
it’s fun to read back some of the weirder things that have happened over the last 20 years: three children being born (the bean, the penguin, and the bumblebee), the subtle hint that i’d met carolyn, the story of lucky the fish, the numerous instances of romilly’s weird imagination, many other crazy things i’d rather not link to, and all the posts i’ve apologised for abandoning blogging for years at a time.
so hello, unappreciated reader of this 20 year old, drivel-filled website.  time for some more?



posted in general 
 | 

tagged blogging 



post navigation
← older posts






twitter has been removed(for obvious reasons)visit @leonblackwell.com on bsky or @lionfire@mastodon.social(feed coming soon)
gizmos

secret decoder ring
just like the one in the cereal box!
diy argument
no one around to argue with?
russian web roulette
what’s life without risk?







					proudly powered by wordpress				








						the lost realm					


proudly powered by wordpress theme: twenty eleven.				




 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email



name



website













































