




mps racing











































      scammer page last updated 05/12/22

 

















 



 


 


 
 
 
 
 




 
 


 




beth rudd is proud to announce dan's well earned retirement. as most already know, dustin lee of hard times is carrying on the mps torch. 
mps parts manufacturing, sales and service is moving to tn as of 12/6/24. 
welcome to motorcycle performance specialties online!  we have been a manufacturer and distributor of motorcycle performance products since 1980.  we take great pride in all products that we manufacture or distribute.  this web site is constantly being updated to give you the latest information about all the products we sell.  the buttons on the top of the page and the catalog navigation bar will help you navigate quickly to the parts in which you are interested.    passing your mouse over the catalog navigation bar buttons will drop down the included categories.
mps garage sale

gen 1 hayabusa motors (stock and turbo), electric trailr dolly

 
 
stay informed...
    get the latest mps specials & news. simply submit your e-mail address!

email







 

 
check out our used parts page
 
products now available at mps


wossner hayabusa cast block




complete cylinder casting

 84.0mm bore diameter	            
nickel silicon carbide plated for durability	            
diamond honed for precise sizing and optimal ring seal	          
cylinder bore surface provides high oil retention and reduced friction
 


 

 

 

 


       
				




		    all parts sold by mps are for off road closed course use.  they are
		    not intended for use on public streets or highways.
	      
as hard as we try, the prices on website are not guaranteed. please check with mps for the most accurate pricing.




mps racing
		  1264 cain mill road - russellville, tn 37860
	    phone: (321) 972-8282
			hours: 9:30am - 5:30pm, monday - fridaysales e-mail: sales@mpsracing.com 
			
				©1995-2025 motorcycle performance specialties.  all rights reserved. | privacy policy





