






antique clocks and decorative gilt bronze | gavin douglas antiques




























gavin douglas fine antiques ltd.
fine antique clocks & decorative gilt bronze

 
            












≡

home
recent acquisitions
stock

view entire inventory
clocks

18th century
early 19th century
late 19th century & porcelain
carriage, silver, enamel, shagreen &ivory
tortoiseshell
wall
longcase
bracket & mantel


singing bird & music boxes & automata
candelabra, urns & vases

18th century
early 19th century
late 19th century


sculpture

animalier bronzes
romantic bronzes
art nouveau bronzes
art deco bronzes
romantic marble
art nouveau marble
art deco marble


objets d'art

miniatures
enamel
ivories
works of art & objets
grand tour
mother of pearl & palais royal


furniture

french furniture
english furniture


porcelain & glass

early 19th century
late 19th century
glass


sold items


glossary of terms
faqs
links
contact 









 

 
18th & early 19th century  english & french antique clocks

click here to sign up for our newsletter
							





automaton industrial series quarterdeck helmsman clock by guilmet
     #5822           







85 portobello road gallery






french empire ormolu and patinated bronz mantel clock  #5762




antique clocks are our specialty
antique clocks are the obsession of gavin douglas
  antiques & clocks ltd, we  specialise in 18th and
  early 19th century antique english clocks and french clocks in bronze ,
  gilt bronze and marble. we  stock an extensive range of antique mantel and bracket clocks and
  table clocks from england and continental europe, especially france. we
  try to carry in our inventory  examples of most types of other high quality period clocks including wall, longcase and carriage clocks.. gavin douglas has been an avid antique clock
  collector for over 30 years. he is an antique clock dealer with 28
  years experience.

 our french antique clocks are louis xv  and  louis xvi , directoire, empire  and charles x examples both figural and architectural.  we particularly like pieces from the golden age of french clock making where the finest designs from eminent sculptors and artists combine with the technical skill of the bronze casters, gilders, chisseleurs, enamellers, dial painters, spring makers and clockmakers to make such works of art the most desired decorative timepieces all over the world. during the belle epoque some of the most beautiful porcelain and ormolu clocks and garnitures were produced and fine enamel and porcelain, silver and tortoiseshell carriage or boudoir clocks became a speciality.
our stock includes english antique clocks from the adams and regency periods, including a large number of neoclassical examples. we  carry several fine quality small
  antique english mantel clocks from the beginning of the 19th century in a
  variety of case materials including ormolu, gilt bronze,
  and patinated bronze clocks and examples in satinwood, mahogany and oak. other case types we carry are  tortoiseshell and silver pique, carriage and mantel, guilloche
    enamel and  silver boudoir or mantel clocks and occasionally the small
  and unusual antique longcase clock. 

other fine decorative antiques in our inventory
we also specialise in the antique singing
  bird box or antique singing bird tabbatier, from antique silver singing
  bird boxes and silver and enamel fusee singing bird box by makers such
  as bruguier and rochat to the later antique silver and enamel singing
  bird boxes, tortoiseshell singing bird boxes and gilt bronze and enamel
  spring singing bird boxes by makers such as bontems and griesbaum right
  through to decorative silver and gilt bronze singing bird boxes. we sell
  and restore small, early antique musical boxes in decorative cases such
  as tortoiseshell and palais royal, many of the music boxes have
  watercolours on ivory set into the lid. as well as antique automata
  singing bird boxes and singing bird cages we also sell antique automaton
pieces of all kinds. other
  particular areas of interest for us are antique blackamoor clocks and blackamoor
  candlesticks and blackamoor candelabra and the rare and unusual genre
clock. 

we are particularly fond of objects made from
 blue john, a rare form of colour banded fleurospar, also known as
derbyshire fleurospar. blue john is one of the rarest stones in the
world and blue john is only found in the treak cliff hill, castleton,
derbyshire, england. blue john has been a sought after semi-precious
stone since roman times. we stock single blue john urns, blue john vases
 and pairs of blue john items from the 18th and 19th century. frit, a
form of blue john incorporated with derbyshire marbles, make fine and
unusual objects such as obelisks. we currently hold two blue john clocks
in our inventory that incorporate blue john in their cases. 
others areas of interest are fine antique
  candelabra, candlesticks, urns and vases (in bronze, ormolu, marble,
  semi-precious stone and porcelain), in fact pairs of high quality
  sidepieces in many styles and materials from the 18th and 19th century
  by such masters of gilt bronze & ormolu as thomire, ravrio, galle
  and matthew boulton. we stock high quality antique english regency
  decorative objects and table furniture such as ecriers, desk sets, small bronzes,
  candlesticks and objects by makers such as weeks of titchbourne st. we
  supply a large selection of antique italian grand tour items, for
  example micro mosaics, antique ruins, small bronzes and objects. we also
  stock an extensive range of antique sculpture in bronze and marble from
  the same period and indeed some particularly stylish pieces into the
  20th century including art deco sculpture and art nouveau sculpture. 

trade associations
as members of lapada, cinoa, pada and the antiquarian horological
  society we abide by their strict codes of conduct. for example we
  ensure that all our clocks have their original mercury gilding or ormolu
  and original movements, which are fully overhauled and unconditionally
guaranteed for at least one year. 
the search for the best
travelling extensively both at home and
  abroad, we visit many fairs and innumerable auctions, antique shops and
  private homes in our search for high quality goods. we would be pleased
  to source particular items of any kind and would be able to photograph,
vet them for authenticity and negotiate for such items. 
we look at hundreds if not thousands of period  clocks at gavin douglas fine antiques ltd every single week and pick at most a handful of these to try and buy for stock. we are only interested in supplying the finest collectible clocks to our clients, many of whom rely on our knowledge and expertise entirely to find them the right piece.  there are many different types and periods of antique clocks but we concentrate only on those that we think most aesthetically pleasing and that also give good value for money. from a louis xv mantel clock, through small elegant early 19th century english clocks to silver and tortoiseshell boudoir or carriage clocks we  will find the ones that suit your style and your pocket.
antique clock repairs & restoration
having been in the clock trade for many years gavin douglas fine antiques ltd have built up an impressive array of the countryï¿½€™s finest restorers. no  clock restores itself but we have the clock repairs  experts to repair and restore any part of any clock whether it be a dial repair, case repair or complete movement overhaul. we undertake some work in house, especially case repairs, and you can be sure that any clock entrusted to our teams will be looked after as if it were a museum piece. 
purchasing, packing & shipping
 

we are now offering a layaway service as we
  are very aware that many people might find buying an antique over a
  period of time easier than finding the full purchase price in one go.
  this is a free, bespoke service and interest free,  that we are
delighted to offer, for details please contact us. 
valuing repeat business we cherish our
reputation amongst discerning trade and private buyers who have been
dealing with gavin douglas antiques & clocks ltd for many years. we
are happy to take pieces back in part exchange as clients upgrade their
collections. 
we arrange packing and door to door insured
air-freighting as a matter of course. we now pack   everything  ourselves in house. if the clocks  are heavy, or we feel it necessary, wooden crates are custom built for them. regardless of weight or value all items are carefully wrapped in tissue paper, then bubble wrapped and finally packed in 2 to 4 inches of foam before being crated.
view our antique clocks & decorative objects in our gallery and online
a good cross section of our stock can be seen
 at 75 portobello road, london from monday to saturday, 10.30 am to
4.30pm. telephones:  main office number 0044 1903 719797. cell/mobile
number 0044 07821 805023.
we regularly update our site and to make sure
  that you are the first to see fresh offerings of antique clocks and
  grand tour, ormolu and other objects please join our email list and you will be notified of new stock. your email will
  be used purely for this and for nothing else. nor will your email
address be passed on to anyone else.
remember, please don't keep us a secret, we
grew by referrals and would welcome yours.





 






85 portobello road, london w11 2qb
        phone: 01903 719797  •     mobile: 07821 805023






