








































graduate school of education and human development | gw

















      skip to main content
    











 alumni & giving





 faculty/staff directory

























 
            the graduate school of education and human development
         

             
         





  apply
  













main bootstrap navigation










about

accreditation

leadership

faculty/staff resources

faculty & staff directory

2023-2024 year in review




academics

counseling & human development

curriculum and pedagogy

educational leadership

human and organizational learning

special education and disability studies

individualized master's program

phd in education

online programs




admissions

prospective students

request info

how to apply

international applicants

funding your education

admissions events

visit campus

admitted students

contact us




student success

student resources

dates & deadlines

student faqs

career development

new student orientation

new student guide

student life & engagement

graduation

dissertation guide




research

research lab

unesco chair & fellowship




diversity

futrell scholars

alumni

faculty

students

courses

resources




news

edfix podcast

feuer consideration




events












about


accreditation


caep accreditation




leadership


faculty/staff resources


megan ward




faculty & staff directory


christina taylor


clay, allyson


taylor-deak, kai


adrienne robinson


andrew flagel


anissa rodriguez


aristide collins


brenda simmons


brigid griffin


callie hyder


carol pankow


carol stapp


celia pena-gomez


christine johnson


crystal garry


dj ralston


de' von henderson


diane koffenberger


diona emmanual


elana riback rand


eli gottlieb


erin black


esther friedman


francine krull


holly snyder


huong le


ilana weltman


jason yost


jihae cha


john walsh


joyce moreland


julya doyle


laura deluca


linda hedenblad


linda mccullough


lois elaine rhymers


madison thurston


marcia brightman


maria coyle


marian jarrett


marion flythe-inman


mary ellen solomon


mary gohar


meg holland


melissa diehl


monique barner


naomi gamoran


nichole tichy


patty rosario


rebecca dedmond


reyna smith


samantha cropper


samantha long


sandra miller


sarah boland


sarah buscher


sarah tama


sevinj mammadova


shreyas bhatnagar


stephanie spar


tal vaizman


talia hurwich


thelma davis-myers


touran waters


vinnie mitchell


wesal abdelbasit


yael findler


yuliya stone


zachary nichols




2023-2024 year in review




academics


counseling & human development


doctorate in counseling


graduate certificate in counseling and life transitions


graduate certificate in the foundations of rehabilitation services


post-master's certificate in counseling


master's in clinical mental health counseling


master's in rehabilitation counseling


master's in school counseling




curriculum and pedagogy


doctorate in curriculum and instruction


graduate certificate in stem teaching


master's in curriculum and instruction


master's in elementary education


graduate certificate in curriculum writing, evaluation, and development


graduate certificate in literacy education


graduate certificate in teaching english to speakers of other languages (tesol)




educational leadership


graduate certificate in assessment, testing, and measurement in education


master's in assessment, testing, and measurement in education


master's in experiential jewish education


educational technology leadership programs


master's in educational leadership and administration


post-master's certificate in educational leadership and administration


education specialist in educational leadership and administration


doctorate in educational leadership and administration


master's in education policy studies


juris doctorate / master's in education policy


master's in higher education administration


juris doctorate / master's in higher education administration


mba / master's in higher education administration


doctorate in higher education administration


master's in international education


graduate certificate in incorporating international perspectives in education


master's and graduate certificate in israel education


master's in museum education


museum change agents






human and organizational learning


graduate certificate in organizational learning and change


doctorate in human and organizational learning


master's in organizational leadership and learning


graduate certificate in leadership development


graduate certificate in sustainability leadership




special education and disability studies


graduate certificate in autism spectrum


graduate certificate in secondary transition leadership


master's in interdisciplinary secondary transition services


doctorate in special education


master's in special education


master's in early childhood special education


master's in special education for children with emotional and behavioral disorders


graduate certificate in special education for cultural responsiveness and equity in teaching




individualized master's program


phd in education


comparative and international education concentration


education and inequality concentration


human and organizational learning concentration


human-technology collaboration concentration


curriculum and instruction concentration


education policy concentration




online programs




admissions


prospective students


request info


how to apply


international applicants


funding your education


admissions events


webinars




visit campus


admitted students


contact us




student success


student resources


dates & deadlines


student faqs


career development


new student orientation


new student guide


student life & engagement


graduation


dissertation guide




research


research lab


unesco chair & fellowship


gw unesco fellowship application






diversity


futrell scholars


alumni


faculty


students


courses


resources




news


edfix podcast


edfix episode 34: from virtual to victorious - the remarkable success of an online high school


edfix episode 35: the end of affirmative action in admissions? experts explore the implications for higher education


edfix episode 36: community colleges - america's hidden economic engines?


edfix episode 37: policy perspectives and possibilities - a conversation with jack jennings


edfix episode 38: can standardized tests bridge the equity gap?


edfix episode 39: chatgpt and beyond - teaching in the ai era


edfix episode 40: from civil rights to civics - dr. raymond pierce on equity in education




feuer consideration


whither education? resolve for the new year




refer a student




events








enter the terms you wish to search for.













































            home
          






 
 






 created with snap


 
elevate your




elevate your




 
impact


impact


in education, leadership, counseling & policy


in education, leadership, counseling & policy







 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







 







discover gsehd

 







see what makes gw and our grad programs in education and human development the best fit for you.
learn more







 







request info

 







learn more about our programs, schedule a campus tour, or register for an upcoming info session.
connect with admissions







 







apply today

 







ready to take the next step in your career? submit your application today. there’s no application fee!
submit application


















  








 


raise high


it’s a saying engrained at the george washington university. it means always striving to do your best, helping others, and aiming to change the world. at the graduate school of education and human development (gsehd), we’re focused on building scholar-practitioners who aim to connect practice with action. we’re here to elevate and amplify your voice, while giving you the tools to elevate and amplify others. 
at gsehd, you’ll find yourself amongst a diverse community of students who are committed to changing the lives of others through education, leadership, counseling, and policy. our community of dedicated, lifelong learners define who we are today and what the nation and world can become.
 





 















ready to take your career to the next level?
summer 2025 deadlines are quickly approaching. there's no application fee, and the gre isn't required for admission.

apply to gsehd today
                  


















spring preview day
march 15 | take a tour of the gw campus, meet fellow gsehd students, and learn more about our programs, funding opportunities, the admissions process, and more.

register
                  


















transition planning: 5 tips for preparing students with disabilities for life after school


meet three graduates of gw's interdisciplinary secondary transition services program who are expanding the horizons of students with disabilities, and learn tips on how you can do the same
                  


















get the inside scoop
join us in-person or online to learn more about financial aid, the admissions process, and more.

register for a virtual info session or campus tour
                  


















edfix: a podcast about the promise and practice of education
join dean michael feuer and top experts in the field as they take on some of education's most complex issues.

listen to the latest episode, justice in focus: judge david tatel's memoir and the future of education law
                  


















museum change agents | making the world a better place
celebrate the transformative impact of the gw museum education program over its 50 year history with this collection of 
personal anecdotes and professional insights from alumni on the diverse ways they have tackled pressing issues in the field.

order your copy today
                  
























 





 
find the program that matches your career goals


 







 









  











counseling & human development


address diverse and critical concerns within the field of counseling. our programs prepare students to become practitioners in an expansive range of specialties, including school counseling, clinical mental health counseling, rehabilitation counseling, and career and workforce development.
explore programs >







  











teacher preparation & curriculum design


the curricular and pedagogical tools used in our nation’s schools are the foundation for educational and societal transformation. we offer the highest level of training for individuals preparing for a career in k-12 teaching, as well as for professionals aiming to become specialists in curriculum design.
explore programs >







  











educational leadership & policy


our programs in education policy, leadership, and administration equip alumni to solve problems, implement new policy, and drive change for good in ways that reform and transform communities worldwide. students integrate theory with practice to become successful leaders in their fields.
explore programs >






 







  











human and organizational leadership & learning


advance your leadership skills to effectively lead change and sustainably manage organizations of all types. students work closely with faculty to learn theoretical applications, new research, and best practices in order to facilitate organizational growth.
explore programs >







  











special education & disability studies


students in our special education programs are expertly trained to meet the diverse needs of youth with, or at-risk for, disabilities. faculty offer mentorship to help students gain the knowledge and skills to make a lasting difference in schools and communities.
explore programs >







  











phd in education - research emphasis


scholars make a direct impact on society and confront the most complex issues in the field of education, including evolving technology, leadership, policy, and more. take a multi-disciplinary approach while honing your skills in a specific concentration.
explore programs >







 







 created with snap confront complex issues make an impact on society and drive progress. our graduate programs foster exceptional leadership skills, empowering educators, administrators, counselors, researchers, and more to make a difference in their respective disciplines.






created with snap 







 






  










 
turn passion into practice and possibility
at gsehd, we build and use rigorous methods to investigate important questions. our faculty and students leverage their interests, knowledge, and analytical skills to improve education and advance social progress.


















  











better lives for people with disabilities


the center for rehabilitation counseling research and education prepares professionals to work with people with disabilities to reach their employment goals and better integrate into society.







  











ai in education


as ai tools like chatgpt are changing daily aspects of our lives, educational technology leadership faculty are leading the way in guiding educators on how to incorporate these tools into the classroom, as well as discussing hot topics such as ethics and potential implications.







  











navigating life's challenges


gsehd’s community counseling services center provides confidential, low-cost counseling services and clinical screenings to community members and students in the dmv area. the centers are clinical training facilities for graduate-level counseling students, working under faculty supervision.






see how gsehd is making a difference   



















 





being a part of gsehd has been one of the best decisions i have made. i now feel well prepared to serve the community while providing services to families and children in the dc area. completing my education here has taught me to be independent, confident, and resilient. thank you to gsehd, my professors, peers, and family for your guidance and support!
tatyana suares (ma '20)
clinical mental health counseling






 





 
 













 












 





being a part of gsehd has been one of the best decisions i have made. i now feel well prepared to serve the community while providing services to families and children in the dc area. completing my education here has taught me to be independent, confident, and resilient. thank you to gsehd, my professors, peers, and family for your guidance and support!
tatyana suares (ma '20)
clinical mental health counseling





 
 







   gsehd in the newssvg






alumna, dr. marian leverette, named dodea europe 2025 principal of the year 

february 12, 2025








transition planning: 5 tips for preparing students with disabilities for life after school 

february 10, 2025








alumna maranda ward received ernest a. lynton award for the scholarship of engagement 

february 7, 2025





explore all news     upcoming eventssvg see all upcoming events     






  request information  contact admissions  visit campus  student resources














 














graduate school of education and human development   office of student life    2136 g street nw,washington, dc 20052    202-994-9283




unesco chairgw online high school




  news   events  edfix podcast







































 make a gift


























 



campus advisories
eo/nondiscrimination policy
website privacy notice


contact gw
accessibility
terms of use
copyright
report a barrier to accessibility






















