

online seminary accredited degrees - northwestern






online seminary degrees
northwestern seminary
seminary degree programs that save you time, tuition, and many expenses!
an online seminary with the most economical and time-efficient way ever to earn
theologically accredited, bachelor, master, and doctorate degrees through full online programs


educating the world for jesus christ
"celebrating over 40-years of christian educational ministry"
since 1980
home  |  site map  |   contact us
 










home
seminary welcome
traditional degrees
accelerated degrees
seminary faqs
application and cost
student testimonials
ntsmoodle
accreditation
federal agent report
world missions
doctrinal position
salvation / dedication
donations



*now enrolling*
special opportunity!
just a $99 initial payment to begin your program now


educating the world
			_____
you can receive your state authorized, theologically accredited bachelor, master, doctorate degrees in far less time and up to 98% less expense than through many traditional online seminaries,  online bible colleges, online universities! 
_____


our seminary library
the #1 online christian library
			_____
did you know that northwestern theological seminary library at www.ntslibrary.com is the top online library used by many other schools and ministries worldwide?
			our nts library offers over 39,000 e-books as one of the largest free online theological library. this saves our students up to 100% by eliminating the cost of text books.
_____
our seminary journal
			_____
click below:
seminary journal
_____

all charitable love offers / donations help support our worldwide ministries providing church planting, soul winning and discipleship to the world...


leaders recognized by award from our seminary
_____
rev. dr. billy graham,  
billy graham evangelistic association
doctor of divinity
			(honoris causa)
			nts 2004
rev. dr. james varnhagen, executive dir. mccauley water street mission nyc
doctor of divinity
			(honoris causa)
			nts 2006
president gloria arroyo, president of the philippines  doctor of christian humanities
			(honoris causa)
			nts 2009
_____


study to show thyself approved unto god, a workman that needeth not be ashamed, accurately dividing the word of truth. (2 tim 2:15)


in obedience to our lord jesus, we are going into all of the world and making disciples in many nations through christ centered online biblical education. we are responding in obedience to the great commission of of our
			lord found in:
			matthew 28: 18-20.


northwestern seminary online degree program was selected as number one in a recognized  online college degree comparison article


ministry opportunities
ask about ministry opportunities. we will search our worldwide christian alliance ministries, for openings following your graduation and advise you of mission field ministry opportunities at no cost.
 









if you are not sure about your faith please click salvation on the site topics list shown above.


to benefit from our many ministry resources, visit:
www.ntslibrary.com 
 


join us as we pray for god's blessings for salvation and discipleship of millions through the billy graham evangelistic association, the christian broadcasting network, christian alliance ministries, northwestern seminary.




northwestern seminary offers the most time efficient and affordable way to earn your theologically accredited online seminary degree  


special enrollment 98% savings opportunity: 
90 - day accelerated and full curriculum programs!

easily affordable monthly payment plans!
*see application page for details
limited offer, apply now...
save 98% compared to costs of private universities...


all of our online seminary degree programs use the moodle, an educational management system used by major colleges and universities.  
our  seminary graduates have been recognized and ordained by major christian denominations around the world. numerous northwestern students and graduates have come to us from major colleges and universities for our aadp (accelerated academic degree program) for master and doctorate degrees.

new!!  savings opportunities available this month:
special 40th anniversary scholarship opportunity
			 

			      *special savings opportunity... $1,000 anniversary discount expires soon! just $99 to enroll. (0%) interest. monthly payment plan allows complete payoff in just months instead of years! 98% less than private universities! apply now...  *see application for details.

no preset conventional tuition. seminary applicants simply make a love offer selection, on their  online application, which can save 98% or more when compared to total costs of many traditional degree programs.  

there are many benefits to your northwestern theological seminary online education... 


new... now offering  seminary    degree programs in missions, apologetics, and (if qualified) new accelerated  master of divinity - mdiv degree program.


nts-aadp accelerated bachelor,  master, and doctoral degree programs allow pre-qualified* students to earn bachelor, master, or doctorate degrees in just * 90 days. * based on  appropriate educational experience supported by transcripts.


e-z (no cost) online application for 24-hour approvals


combination bachelor and master's degree programs available


also new..... dual masters and doctorate programs through aadp accelerated method, allows you to earn both your masters and doctorate by completing just a thesis for the master degree and a doctoral dissertation only, for the doctorate. this dual program opportunity saves you both time and financial expense. 
*see multiple degree programs in degree selection table, located on the application page.


there are no costs for textbooks... these savings are made available through our online library.


100% self-paced degree programs. study anytime. study anywhere. you choose a schedule that is convenient for you.


open enrollment all year. you choose when to begin. our programs are not semester based, so you may begin your degree program immediately.


0% interest monthly payments.  save 98% now!



accelerated degree programs
for those who qualify, the nts-aadp accelerated graduate online  degree programs allow students to earn bachelor, masters, and doctorate seminary degrees in as little as 90 days, in some cases by writing a thesis or dissertation only.
*pre-qualification through transcripts is a requirement to document prior educational experience. pla (prior learning assessment) is provided for all accelerated bachelor degree programs.
our low cost and recognizable quality due to the moodle education system, has resulted in numerous students coming to northwestern from major seminaries, bible colleges, and christian universities to earn masters and doctorate degrees through our aadp accelerated   degree programs.
****
any questions?
contact us at 
admissions@northwestern-email.com
****

 

our christ centered educational program developed by our founder,
			presiding bishop; dr. howard m. sarkela, was first offered in 1980 as a christian discipleship
			program at the detroit christian guidance center's scripps mansion, shown above.

northwestern seminary is conservative, evangelical and non-denominational. 
we accept online seminary applications from members of all christ centered, main stream denominations. we know that members of the body of christ can hold different doctrinal positions yet be united as one through our gift of faith in the lord's death on the cross, burial and resurrection from the dead.
a united states based theological educational ministry since 1980, we have elected to maintain our physical seminary headquarters in the usa. however, we have established hundreds of branches of northwestern seminary worldwide. our online seminary offers a variety of full biblical curriculum while our physical branches offer a basic undergraduate degree. 

save up to 98% with our online seminary when compared to total costs in attending many private bible colleges and universities. 
because of our extremely low expense and corresponding demand, seminary enrollments continue to grow. students are admitted and able to begin their programs at anytime of the year, so do not delay. submit your application today! 

			our staff will respond promptly and professionally. may god bless you as you seek to improve your life and, more importantly, the lives of others through acquiring a quality christian seminary education.

any questions? carefully read thru the website pages.
then e-mail us today at: 
admissions@northwestern-email.com

northwestern receives 2017 best of port richey award. 
northwestern has been selected for the 2017 best of port richey award in the colleges & universities category by the port richey award program.
each year, the port richey award program identifies companies that we believe have achieved exceptional marketing success in their local community and business category. these are local companies that enhance the positive image of small business through service to their customers and our community. these exceptional companies help make the port richey area a great place to live, work and play.
various sources of information were gathered and analyzed to choose the winners in each category. the 2017 port richey award program focuses on quality, not quantity. winners are determined based on the information gathered both internally by the port richey award program and data provided by third parties.    press release link





full theological accreditation by educational accountability
northwestern seminary recently qualified for full theological accreditation from the international association for christian educational accountability (iacea). https://iacea.info/





 
what seminary students are saying about northwestern

to read more student testimonials, click here...

submit your online seminary application today...

northwestern seminary 
voted #1
online seminary in the usa  
 
jesus said, "seek ye first the kingdom of god and his righteousness then all of these things shall be added unto you." (matt 6:33)
****
any questions?
contact us at 
admissions@northwestern-email.com
****

appreciation
christian alliance ministries and northwestern seminary appreciate the ministry and dedication in spreading the gospel by the following gospel ministers: 
billy graham, pat robertson, oral roberts, and james varnhagen
			 


 
want to make disciples? 
e-mail this website to your christian friends.
			just copy & paste url (below) into an e-mail
www.northwesternseminary.com





seminary blog .  seminary degree .  online seminaries .  christian education .  distance learning .  online degrees .
 online seminary .   online theology degree programs .   online bible colleges .   online learning benefits
seminary privacy policy
online christian university







copyright © 2023 northwestern seminary.  all rights reserved.
			14391 spring hill drive, ste 288, spring hill, florida 34609  usa

void where prohibited.
100% online seminary christian education













