



weichert commercial brokerage



   







































 
 





   info@weichertcommercial.com
    morris plains: 973-267-7778 • edison: 732-494-0778
 

 market reports
 
















company overview company history
mission statement
company philosophy
weichert values
marketing strategies


our team management
agents


property listings for lease  offices for lease
retail for lease
industrial for lease
land for lease


for sale  office for sale
retail for sale
industrial for sale
land for sale




services industrial brokerage
office brokerage
retail brokerage
tenant representation
investment brokerage
land brokerage
health care


training
news
contact us
















 





dynamic solutions 
		

proven excellence 
		







dynamic solutions 
		

proven excellence 
		







dynamic solutions 
		

proven excellence 
		


 



 






    weichert commercial brokerage

we are a full service commercial brokerage company dedicated to helping you with all of your commercial real estate requirements. whether you are selling or leasing a building or seeking new space for your company, we can guide you through the entire process and ensure a smooth transition and favorable result. 








    property listings


for lease






for sale






featured properties





 





we’ll analyze your commercial real estate needs and develop solutions
	    contact us today      






    weichert commercial brokerage

weichert commercial brokerage is a leading, full-service commercial real estate brokerage and consulting firm that delivers precise, strategic solutions to real estate owners, corporate occupants and investors. 












industrial brokerage
our professionals are able to apply knowledge and experience to every type of industrial transaction whether it is a lease, sublease, acquisition or disposition assignment.







office brokerage
working with institutional and entrepreneurial owners, public and private corporations, developers and investors,







retail brokerage
we help our customers secure locations that enable them to maximize exposure and increase profits.







land brokerage
locating, acquiring or selling land involves many complex factors. experience and knowledge are critical.







tenant representation
we successfully balance tenant-landlord relationships while managing the best interests of our customers.







property & construction management
our focus is to offer clients customized solutions that improve building efficiency, enhance tenant retention and maximize profitability.







investment brokerage
wcb is fully qualified to serve clients in all sectors of the investment real estate market – from property selection and acquisition to tenant lease negotiations and sophisticated disposition strategies.







healthcare services
we successfully balance tenant-landlord relationships while managing the best interests of our customers.
 


ierwchtr955home09.26.2014





morris plains 1625 route 10
morris plains, nj 07950
p: 973.267.7778
f: 973.267.5432
 

edison 123 route 27
edison, nj 08820
p: 732.494.0778
f: 732.494.1098
	
 



latest news 



 

weichert commercial brokerage, inc. names senior vice president david williams broker of the year

                        february 14, 2020                    




 

weichert commercial brokerage continues to expand with the hiring of a commercial real estate professional

                        october 23, 2019                    




 

weichert commercial brokerage continues to expand with the appointment of three commercial real estate professionals

                        may 6, 2019                    


 







 weichert commercial brokerage, inc.  © 2015 | weichert.com
 

 




























we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you accept this.okprivacy policy

 
