



mason area chamber of commerce





































































mason area chamber of commerce







 






menu

 


members

career opportunities
member directory
join the chamber
member benefits


events
newsletter
contact us










member login















join the macc 



the mason area chamber of commerce is not just an organization; it’s a dynamic organization that fosters growth, collaboration, and success. becoming a chamber member your business will gain access to a network of like-minded professionals, creating opportunities for partnerships, collaborations, and business expansion. 






join now














 

















about the macc 



the mason chamber of commerce in michigan is a dynamic and proactive organization dedicated to fostering economic growth and development in the city of mason and its surrounding areas. with a strong focus on supporting local businesses, the chamber provides resources, networking opportunities, and advocacy to help its members thrive. through its various initiatives and community partnerships, the mason chamber of commerce plays a vital role in promoting the region’s economic vitality and quality of life. 



learn more -> 







 





































recent facebook posts 





 



 



 































latest announcements 














the new macc website

 








































about the mason area 



mason, michigan, is the seat of ingham county government. the clock tower of the historic ingham county courthouse is a beacon in the heart of the community and the courthouse is the centerpiece of our historic downtown area. the mason area is a community of about 16,000 people (8,200 in the city of mason) and is only minutes south of lansing, the state capital. the small town lifestyle and agricultural setting of the mason area attracts residents and employers who enjoy a buffer from nearby suburban areas. quiet and attractive neighborhoods, our antiques district, rural charm, affordable homes, a high-quality school system and convenient, quick access to the lansing metropolitan area and michigan state university are just some of the reasons people enjoy living in the mason area. come home to mason, michigan — hometown u.s.a. 



learn more -> 







 
















 





 




addresshoursphoneemailfacebook 



148 e. ash street, mason, mi 48854tuesday – friday, 9am – 2pm(517) 676-1046masonchamber@masonchamber.orgmasonchamber 







member login
















© 2023 mason area chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. | website design by the shumaker technology group. 




 






















