





international resources for latter-day saints





































































	
									cumorah
								









home
atlas
resources

missiology

missiology encyclopedia
reaching the nations
matt's church growth blog
lds growth case studies
case studies
hastening the work of salvation: analysis
law of the harvest book
lds church growth review and analysis



library

multilingual scriptures
introduction to the gospel book
words to live by
lds e-texts
best books e-texts
non-english resources
english lds links
non-english gospel links



others

scholarly presentations & papers
media citations
media interviews
media reviews
monthly newsletters



about


contact




















cumorah project
prague, czech republic













cumorah project
hősök tere, budapest, hungary













cumorah project
near lake song köl, naryn province, kyrgyzstan













cumorah project
lake song köl, kyrgyzstan













cumorah project
naryn province, kyrgyzstan













cumorah project
tbilisi, georgia













cumorah project
tbilisi, georgia













cumorah project
lake sevan, armenia













cumorah project
amphitheater, bodrum, turkey











 


welcome to cumorah.com!
international resources for latter-day saints


the cumorah project is a privately funded initiative that engages in research and education. all resources developed are made available online at no cost. our major areas of emphasis include:

country and culture research 
missiology research (church growth, research, education) 
gospel topics 
digitization and preparation of electronic texts on related themes 
development of original resources 
international photo library 



 





 




reaching the nations





reaching the nations international church growth almanac


volume 1: the americas, oceania and europe pdf

volume 2: asia and africa pdf
								
country reports on the lds church around the world from a landmark almanac. includes detailed analysis of history, context, culture, needs, challenges and opportunities for church growth.



												afghanistan											



												albania											



												algeria											



												american samoa											



												andorra											



												angola											



												antigua and barbuda											



												argentina											





												armenia											



												aruba											



												australia											



												austria											



												azerbaijan											



												bahamas											



												bahrain											



												bangladesh											









 





 




international lds atlas





lds international atlas - google maps

									an online atlas providing the location and organizational structure of lds congregations, missions, stakes, and districts worldwide.  the atlas also contains country and state maps of the most populous unreached cities and the status of lds outreach by ethnolinguistic group. access the atlas on the left-hand column under "lds international atlas - google maps." the atlas is strictly for educational purposes. for information regarding lds meetinghouse locations and times, visit lds.org/maps.  below are links to world regions of the atlas.
								



												united states											



												canada											



												south america											



												central america and the caribbean											



												europe											





												asia											



												africa											



												oceania											



												middle east and north africa											







 





 


quote of the day!



“don't wait. the time will never be just right.”
napoleon hill   



 


 


case studies


a series of case study essays examining successes, challenges, and opportunities for lds growth worldwide. new case study reports are added regularly.


lds church growth case studies


case studies on stagnant or slow lds growth


case studies on analyzing growth trends by city or administrative division


case studies on recent lds missionary and church growth successes


comparative growth case studies


prospective lds outreach case studies


people-specific lds outreach case studies


overall lds growth trend case studies




 


 


more resources


law of the harvest: 

practical principles of effective missionary work.
original research on effective lds missionary work around the world.

				free: full text online | full book pdf



missiology encyclopedia
lds growth encyclopedia on missionary work and church growth (missiology).



cumorah gospel library electronic text project
originally prepared electronic versions of classic lds texts.



cumorah best books electronic text project
digitized texts of some of the world's best books. world classics, history, self-improvement, and more.



words to live by quotation database
over 2000 inspirational quotations, many related to missionary work. great for talks or lessons on any topic.



discussions with my friend: an introduction to the gospel
resource essays for sharing the gospel.



non-english gospel and language resources
short missionary-oriented articles and resources in other languages including many original translations of the cumorah foundation.


 


 


cumorah news




						december 2024.pdf					




						november 2024.pdf					




						july 2023.pdf					


 


 

















 









cumorah



subscribe to our newsletter
get updates on latest cumorah news











submitting
subscribe



submitting
subscribe













									the cumorah project is a privately funded initiative that engages in research and education. all resources developed are made available online at no cost. the cumorah.com website has been in operation since 1999. we neither solicit nor accept donations.  we provide only research, analysis, and resources and do not engage in proselytization.
									we respect world cultures and other faiths, and believe in "obeying, honoring, and sustaining the law" in every nation.
									all content is the sole responsibility of the individual authors... read more





useful links



home


lds atlas


various resources


lds e-texts


multilingual scriptures


about


contact







missiology



missiology encyclopedia


reaching the nations


case studies


law of the harvest book


matt's church growth blog


lds growth case studies


lds church growth r & a












2025 - cumorah.com - all rights reserved.
cumorah.com website designed & developed by zeeshan ahmad










