








	home



































west virginia
offices of the insurance commissioner




about us
contact us











about us


contact us














search




allan l. mcvey
insurance commissioner











 toggle navigation



















about us
divisions
legal authority
resources
workers' compensation
contact us





















search















consumers







producers / agents







insurance companies







report insurance fraud



















 




  


the offices of the insurance commissioner will be closed monday, february 17, 2025.
offices will reopen at 8:30am on tuesday, february 18, 2025.  


    














headlines and events






                    industrial council meeting cancellation notice - feb. 20, 2025
                







                    ib 25-01 prescription drug rebate impact to commercial health insurance
                







                    ib 24-06 artificial intelligence systems
                







                    ib 24-05 pharmacy audit integrity act and drug discount plans and pharmacy coupon cards
                







                    retention plan for closed workers’ compensation commission claims files
                







                    2024 annual flood notice
                







                    ib 24-04 - homeowners' and automobile insurance rates
                







                    consumer alert - property & casualty market intelligence data call
                







                    ib 24-03a - prior authorizations
                







                    health care sharing ministries
                







                    2024 wv health insurance marketplace data
                







                    consumer alert - change healthcare cyber attack
                







                    ib 24-02 - summary of 2024 legislation
                







                    ib 24-01 - prior authorization prohibited for prescription drugs at inpatient discharge
                







                    the end of the covid-19 public health emergency
                







                    consumer alert: 2023 legislation repealed west virginia’s all-payer claims database law
                







                    emergency order 23-eo-01 - covid-19 emergency orders are rescinded 3/24/2023
                







                    ib 23-01 special enrollment period for medicaid disenrollment
                







                    ib 22-09 cost sharing in prescription insulin
                







                    ib 22 - 08 - fees for pharmacy benefit managers and pharmacy auditing entities
                












optins notice



effective with the 2020 - 4th quarter/annual tax filing, the insurance commissioner will only accept electronic tax filings made using the optins state specific forms on the optins web application.  tax filers attempting to upload west virginia premium tax forms/filings from other software vendors will be blocked from filing by optins.  companies may also file using the insurance commissioner’s written tax forms.   


optins link







consumer insurance information


welcome
auto
health
home
life







     welcome to the west virginia offices of the insurance commissioner’s insurance education center. in an effort to help better educate insurance consumers of the state of west virginia, we are making this tool available to you. in order to use this tool, navigate through the tabs above. each tab will cover a different aspect of insurance. some tabs will contain links to websites while others will have documents you can review. always remember that if you have specific questions about your policy call your insurance producer (agent). also, our office is always here to help.







 



click here for general information about auto insurance
click here for links for general auto insurance terms









information for health insurance under the affordable care act



 


wv assisters & navigators 
2023 wv certified insurance agents 





the above link will take you to the federal marketplace. you can find information regarding insurance available to you in west virginia.









the above links are to the health insurance companies on the marketplace in west virginia for 2023. you may click on the above links to learn about products, physician networks and prescription coverages available.



 
 











click here for homeowners insurance brochure








 




click here for life insurance brochure
click here for insurance glossary
click here for life insurance policy locator












electronic payments now accepted for filing fees



effective immediately, the insurance commissioner can begin accepting  payments for certain filing fees via credit card or ach.  a sample of fees accepted include, but not limited to:  application fee, renewal fee, certificate of compliance, certificate of deposit, filing of amended articles of incorporation, filing of amended bylaws. 
online payment portal







quick links






                    bail bondsmen
                







                    consumer alerts
                







                    commissioner's final orders
                







                    employment opportunities
                







                    insurance company lookup
                







                    naic
                







                    oic contacts (pdf)
                







                    online license print
                







                    professional employer organization licensing
                







                    wv dept of revenue  
                







                    wv state auditor's office
                







                    wv state homepage
                







                    wv state treasurer's office
                












popular forms and documents






                    online consumer complaint form
                







                    life and health consumer complaint - paper form
                







                    property and casualty consumer complaint - paper form
                







                    pbm complaint form
                







                    fees related to foia request
                







                    foia request form
                







                    report fraud
                








































































































































privacy statement




terms of use













login


























