



	jefferson county, florida - the keystone county













skip to content








official website for jefferson county florida




home
about jefferson

county departments


animal control
board of county commissioners
building
code enforcement
county health department
county manager
emergency management
extension service
fire & rescue
grants administrator
library

planning
recreation
road
solid waste & recycling
veteran's affairs



constitutional officers


clerk of court
property appraiser
sheriff's office
supervisor of elections
tax collector



county assets & priorities


commerce & development
recreation & tourism
history & culture



news & links

contact












welcome to jefferson county, florida
 
our county government is committed to serving the needs of the public. this website is a resource toward that end. on this site you'll find information on county programs, services, meetings and other topics of local interest. 

**new announcements/events**  

 
 click here for the board of county commission meeting information and agenda 
 
attention: the current phone number for fire and ems is not working. instead, please call (850) 345-0425.

 

 
click here to access: business impact forms for ordinances
 
 

restore act: information on a direct component multiyear plan narrative
state expenditure plan 
(please note that the jefferson county state expenditure plan (sep) starts on page 189 if using a .pdf reader, page 167 printed.  the funding sequence is on page 505 if using a .pdf reader, page 483 printed.)

 
 information on florida's current state of emergencies

for your convenience, frequently sought information is just a click away here:

procurement opportunities: available, upcoming or previously awarded projects accepting bids. 
surplus property: available, upcoming or previously sold property deemed as surplus by the county. 

 

mosquito control: information and updates on local mosquito control services 
contacts: contact information for key individuals and offices
other contact links: information links for outside councils and agencies
contact faq’s: answers to which agency to contact for assistance

 

tdc information

 

waukeenah area odor log


 

road contractors and materials list: local contractors for driveway/road work and locations to purchase materials

 

employment: information on current and upcoming job openings appears here 

 

volunteer application: interested in becoming a jefferson county volunteer

 
thank you for visiting our site and we welcome the opportunity to be of service.
please note: all current and new property owners in jefferson county should be aware that land development regulations are applicable to all types of development including subdivisions of property and the construction of buildings (regardless of type) or other improvements such as driveways and power poles. all subdivisions of land require approval in accordance with the land development code. verification of approval by the planning department should be obtained prior to the recording of all new deeds at the clerk of courts office. if property ownership is conveyed without approval, future owners may not be able to obtain a building permit.please contact the planning department office prior to any action to be taken or for answers to any questions related to land use or the subdivision of property. building and other types of permits will not be issued for any site without issuance of a development permit from the planning department. please visit the planning department page for more information.
 








public records request | privacy policy | accessibility policy




