


weekend america from american public media






























american public media programs
-------------------------
a prairie home companion
american mavericks
american radioworks
anonymous 4 thanksgiving
bbc proms
chanticleer christmas
a choral christmas card
cantus: all is calm
carnegie hall live
christmas with dale warland
classical live
classical music initiative
composers datebook
conspirare: christmas at the carillon 
the dinner party
echoes of christmas
a festival of nine lessons & carols
future tense
giving thanks
a harpist's christmas
harvest home
marketplace
marketplace money
minnesota orchestra
the mtt files
music@menlo
performance today
pipedreams
a prairie home companion
public insight journalism
reflections: a lenten special
the rose ensemble christmas
st. olaf christmas festival
the saint paul chamber orchestra
saint paul sunday
sound opinions
on being
the splendid table
the story
sustainability
symphonycast
weekend america
welcome christmas
word for word
the writer's almanac

















search:











weekend america

about weekend america

find past shows & stories
podcasts & rss feeds
contact us
support







enjoy weekend america's archivesweekend america broadcast its last show saturday, january 31, 2009.  the show tried to tell the most eye-opening, memorable, astonishing stories about what was happening in america each weekend.   on this site you’ll find literally thousands of stories spanning nearly five years. each time you visit the site, the story boxes will refresh with different selections from the archives.  you can also use the search tool, or find programs by air date or producer name. thank you to all the listeners, programmers and staff who made weekend america a joy to produce.            
peter clowney, executive producer
stories from john moe
can the ftc protect your privacy? and is privacy even real?the federal trade commission issued a massive report on consumer privacy on wednesday, including a list of recommendations on how websites could do more to help people protect themselves. but given how much data people are sharing online, how realistic is the expectation that we can keep our lives hidden from the internet?
stories from desiree cooper
the obama effectas we head into the last week of the presidential campaign, pollsters say sen. barack obama is pulling ahead of sen. john mccain in key battleground states.  though the outcome of the race is still far from clear, obama's historic run for the presidency has had an effect on everything from fund-raising to art. this week at the university of minnesota, a conference called "the obama effect" explored obama's impact on america.


stories from krissy clark
denver, meet the dncdemocrats from around the country are headed to denver, by plane, train, and prius, for their party's national convention.  on monday the delegates, regular and super, will get down to business, hammer out this year's party platform, pump themselves up--and the rest of america, they hope--for the general election season. but denver's not waiting until then to get their party started.
stories from bill radke
lynchings in the old westrecently, a california photographer named ken gonzales-day came face to face with the little-known history of lynching in the american west. he photographs trees in california where violent lynchings took place, often of latinos, in the time of vigilante justice.




stay in touch


facebook
join fans of weekend america on facebook.


twitter
find out what's next.




america's weekend via flickr

see more photos posted by weekend america listeners



weekend america producers

ben adair
larissa anderson
sasha aslanian
julia barton
barbara bogaev
krissy clark
peter clowney
sean cole
desiree cooper
hillary frank
jim gates
ann heppermann
neille ilel
millie jefferson
suzie lechtenberg
ochen kaylan
angela kim
michael may
john moe
brendan newnam
kara oehler
michael raphael
bill radke
marc sanchez






sponsorship






sponsorship




explore weekend america stories

arts & culture
environment
health
music
news & politics
people & life
religion & belief
science and technology
sports



download weekend america


subscribe to the enhanced podcast

skip back-and-forth through stories, see images on itunes and on your ipod -- all with better sound quality.






weekend america on youtube



random stories from the archives

weekend soundtrack
"cool water"it's time to listen to your weekend soundtrack. the songs that bridge the gap from friday to monday. our latest story comes from sara breeze in bemidji, minn. her soundtrack is "cool water" by joni mitchell and willie nelson.
good news/bad news/no news
support for georgia, the white minority and gpsas russian tanks rumble down the streets of georgia, the bush administration has pledged its unwavering support to the former soviet republic.  the united states has airlifted georgian troops from iraq back to their home, while providing the georgian military with training and equipment.  does this loyalty seem like good news, bad news or no news?



back home: reflections on iraqfrom december 2003 to october 2004, sandi austin, dylan tete and brian turner completed a tour of duty in iraq with the u.s. army. now they reflect on their very first and very last days on the ground in combat zones.

playing music with my dadfolk musician alela diane menig is from nevada city, calif., a small gold rush town in northern california with a buzzing music scene. she grew up there with her bluegrass-trained parents, so music runs in the family. menig's father, tom, often appears on stage to play with her.




sponsorship






support american public media with your amazon.com purchases



search amazon.com:

all products
apparel & accessories
automotive
baby
beauty
books
camera & photo
cell phones & service
classical music
computers
computer & video games
dvd
electronics
gourmet food
grocery
home & garden
health & personal care
industrial & scientific
jewelry & watches
kitchen & housewares
magazine subscriptions
miscellaneous
music
musical instruments
software
sports & outdoors
tools & hardware
toys & games
vhs

keywords:




















	 ©2015 american public media

careers
podcasts
newsletters
rss
audio help
terms and conditions
privacy policy






















