

big horn mountains and bighorn national forest wyoming information -
bighornmountains.com

























 
  mountain time











































































































































































welcome to bighornmountains.com

...your best information source for northern
            wyoming's beautiful big horn mountains
			and bighorn national forest! 














the big
                    horn mountains extend from the plains and great basin area of
                    wyoming northward into south central montana.

the big horn mountains and bighorn national forest
                    are an outdoor paradise filled with recreational opportunities including hunting, fishing,
                    camping, hiking and backpacking, horseback riding, mountain biking, picnicking,
                    sightseeing, photography, snowmobiling, skiing, and sledding.

the bighorn national forest, including the 
cloud peak wilderness, is unique and diverse.
                    within the national forest area, you can encounter grass prairies, evergreen forests,
                    mountain meadows, rugged alpine peaks, dramatic canyons, arid desert lands, and cascading
                    waterfalls - all within a day's journey.

there are several scenic byways which pass through the
                    bighorn national forest, all of which provide the traveler with scenic 
					views. the
                    bighorn scenic byway (us 14) connects the cities of sheridan and greybull and includes 45
                    miles of scenic mountain driving. the cloud peak skyway (us 16), connecting the city of
                    buffalo and the town of tensleep, crosses the southern bighorn national forest and offers
                    breathtaking views of snow-capped peaks along its 45 mile length. the medicine wheel
                    passage (us 14a) rises sharply from the bighorn basin near the city of lovell and travels
                    25 miles through high alpine meadows to burgess junction, where it intersects with the
                    bighorn scenic byway. this route also boasts the largest ancient medicine wheel site in
                    north america.

explore our web site and advertisers and see what
                    wyoming's beautiful big horns have to offer you.

are the big horn mountains and the bighorn national
                    forest the place for you to experience an exciting, relaxing, and stress-free
                    vacation?  as we say in wyoming: "you bet!"





 


weather
                        - wyoming
cities & towns






 








state
                        of wyoming






wyoming
                        roads report














                        help keep america strong and united.  display our nation's flag proudly!









































you are visitor 
to bighornmountains.com. 




















bighornmountains.com, llc

20 north tisdale avenue
        buffalo, wyoming  82834





this page last updated on 
		february 07, 2024
copyright
        © 1999 bighornmountains.com, llcprivacy
        rights statement
















