african safari lodges - safari tours and trips homeclassic lodge safarifive star safariultimate luxuryadventure travelsafari tripssafari experiencesafrican safari lodges - inspirational safari tours and tripswelcome to the african safari of your dreams. get inspired by this selection of african safari lodges and safari trips or let us customize an itinerary just for you. the wonder of africa awaits...
africa is a continent of endless attractions, providing many of the world's most sought-after safari experiences. from the greatest show on earth, that is the wildlife migrations of east africa to epic chobe river safaris at sunset, this continent plays on the emotions.
 
classic lodge safari
a classic lodge safari in africa can be enjoyed in various wildlife-rich areas including south africa, botswana, zambia and east africa. they all have one thing in common...sensational game viewing. these classic safari lodges are a haven with spectacular scenery and excellent african safari activities. 
5 star luxury safari
5 star luxury safari lodges are perfect for those craving a bit of pampering, luxury accommodation facilities and superior service while on a 5 star safari in africa. who says a safari in africa means roughing it? these 5-star luxury safari lodges provide a luxurious haven in between personalized game viewing activities. 
ultimate luxury safari lodges
ultimate luxury safari lodges boast ultra-luxurious safari accommodation, superior service, and personalized game viewing for guests who expect the very best! these ultimate luxury safari lodges offer something truly special and unique. our siyabona africa destination experts strive to create the ultimate bespoke safari to exceed your expectations. 
adventure safari lodges
adventure safari lodges for the wild at heart! avoid the crowds and enjoy an unforgettable african safari experience at one of these remote adventure safari lodges in africa. unique adventure safari activities include horseback safari tours and cycling safaris. the focus is on adventure safari activities, sensational game viewing and immersing yourself in nature. 
african safari trips
these african safari trips cover all the top destinations for a superb wildlife safari in africa. these african safari tours can be tailor-made to suit your needs, travel duration and budget. just let us know what you have in mind and our destination specialists will do the rest. your african safari trip starts here. 
inspirational travel ideas
if you are looking to experience a safari in africa but aren't quite sure where to start, after all africa is a large continent, then let these african safari experiences act as inspiration. read experiences by intrepid travellers and recommendations on the best african safari destinations. 
spectacular great migration
a masai mara great migration safari in kenya is regarded by many to offer the quintessential african safari experience. the masai mara is host to one of the greatest wildlife spectacles on earth - the great migration. from july to october over 1 million wildebeest, zebra and gazelle move from the serengeti to the masai mara. witness this spectacle for yourself.experience it all on your safari in africaafrica is a continent blessed with spectacular landscapes allowing for a diverse range of activities. wildlife viewing in east africa and the kruger national park of south africa combined with the national parks of botswana, zambia and zimbabwe can be experienced on day and night game drives, walking safaris, boat cruises, dug out canoes and balloon safaris.
pre and post safari beach getaways on the indian ocean coastline and lake malawi include sailing, scuba diving, snorkelling, fishing or simply relaxing on the sand.let us create the perfect african safari package so you can experience it all. next - contact ustoggle navigationenquire(current)  contact us         african safari lodges and vacation packages  customer support tel: +27 21 424 1037 fax: +27 21 424 1036 contact by mail business hours mon - fri. 08:00 - 17:00 saturday. 08:00 - 12:00   resources reservations and bookings booking conditions visa and passport about siyabona africa (pty) ltd    ©2024 siyabona africa (pty)ltd - africa safari lodges tours and trips   privacy settings


