




dick kimmel - bluegrass performer






































book me
















home


calendar


about


history


recordings


gallery


contact















view all releases
be sure to check out my latest recording fiddle & mandolin
learn more













about dick kimmel
learn more about how dick was inducted into 3 music hall of fame categories 
read more













request a performance
still performing today and able to bring the party to you contact me today to book a live performance
book me














watch 
        music videos and performances

feel free to visit my youtube channel as well for more 
        










dick kimmel & co. band
tennessee blues









dick kimmel
homeless & heartbroken









dick kimmel & pamela lontine
buffalo gals









dick kimmel
buckthorn song









dick kimmel
off the shelves









dick kimmel & co.
i'm going back to old kentucky










dick kimmel & co.
i'm onto you















reviews 
          









minnesota bluegrass
 "fiddle & mandolinis the first by dick kimmel and pamela longtine, two stalwarts of the
			  minnesota old-time and traditional string music community.  kimmel is a multi-instrumentalist legend,
			  adept at guitar and clawhammer banjo as well as mandolin; longtine is a superb fiddler with experience
			  in many tradition genres...they've put together the perfect cd...top notch stuff all around."





bluegrass unlimited
 "...their music here is well-played and enjoyable, most impressive is their ability to 
			  write tunes that sound as if they could be a hundred years old."





bluegrass unlimited
"(dick kimmel's) talent is well-known...kimmel's 'lima beans' could easily fool you into thinking (it is) from a long-ago time and place." 





isthmus critics' choice (madison, wi), april 7, 2000 
"now a minnesota resident, the acclaimed singer/picker has spent the last four decades bringing 
			  traditional country, hard-core bluegrass and old-time string-band music to an international audience." 





dave brassington, country matters
"dick kimmel can best be described as a musicologist, a staff writer for bluegrass unlimited 
			  for twenty years, record producer, country and bluegrass musician.  there is very little about country 
			  music that dick doesn't know about." 





frank overstreet, bluegrass music news
"the more i played dick kimmel's '25-year collection,' the more i was amazed at 
			  dick's wonderful talent, and the more i wanted to replay the cd." 





dave higgs, bluegrass breakdown, wpln radio
"dick kimmel's 25-year collection does a fine job commemorating dick kimmel's illustrious musical career."





pete smith, country music roundup
"dick kimmel is excellent mandolin picker who also excels on guitar 
			  and clawhammer banjo, whilst having fine voice too.  an extremely pleasing blen
			  of old time, mountain and bluegrass."





bluegrass europe
"dick kimmel...is best known to bluegrass fans as a fine mandolin player, but 
			  he has always been serious about the clawhammer banjo.  now his fifth (copper creek) cd is 
			  dedicated entirely to this style.  kimmel shows the full range of the clawhammer banjo whether
			  as a solo instrument or in an old time band or playing bluegrass."















faq







              how can get i buy your records?
            




            simply fill out this form and i will be in contact with you shortly!
          






              do you still perform live? how do i book a show?
            




            i sure do! you can find my scheduled listing here, or fill out the form the right and i'll get into contact with you. 
          






              are you on any streaming platforms?
            




            i'm currently on youtube, you can watch many music videos and live performances. 
          









booking
      form






























submit request




























quick links









upcoming shows
find out where i'm playing next and get a ticket!












© copyright 2021. designed & developed by mixtureweb



home


about


history


recordings


gallery


contact







































