


rockmom.com : haiku in kansas city spring


 









rockmom.com
welcome to my manila site!














february 2010

sun
mon
tue
wed
thu
fri
sat


 
1
2
3
4
5
6


7
8
9
10
11
12
13


14
15
16
17
18
19
20


21
22
23
24
25
26
27


28
 



oct
	 
	mar
	
 












navigationhome jake's blog pedro's shiporama athenadoc.com referrers most read






















discussion
recent discussion
create new topic

























membership
join now
login





























 



haiku in kansas city spring








 sunday, february 14, 2010




i am, perhaps, ready for spring. i'll try writing poems, perhaps. here goes with haiku. five syllables, seven, five. is there punctuation in haiku?youthreading poetryiris turns her face awayshows fruitful belly. soupmy friend is coughingi take her bread and hot soupwe eat together.springwet snow falls softlythere are robins and suni’m ready for spring.fishermenfoggy lake morningcanoe awaits disabledfisherman and friend.its a day with confluence of holidays: valentine's day, new years day, president's day, mardi gras, mark and carol's anniversary. i hope no apocalypse ensues.
your comments here...





 saturday, february 6, 2010




christmas passed in a blizzard while i stayed home snowbound and ate goodies intended for a party. the weather at the new year was not much better but i drove to milwaukee and flew to seattle to visit the kids and grandkids the next week. now it's nearly chinese new year, uncle brown's birthday month. i celebrated at the nelson gallery last night and enjoyed the kung fu lion dancers and their drummers. the cymbal player broke his cymbal into pieces with enthusiastic striking, the drummer and leader of the troop played and encouraged the younger men. the jumped and cavorted entertaining the kids and parents. one child had an embroidered cap of a pig of a lion. new year is not yet here, but the happiness and optimism of spring approaches. will i find moon cakes?  will i finish decorating my chinese living room? spring will come soon. 




 sunday, october 18, 2009




the packing, loading, driving, and checking into a new job went as well as could be expected. i've enjoyed the kind good-byes of friends. i miss the lake. i worry about money for the transition. i don't yet understnad my job and haven't yet gotten my stuff. all is nerve wracking. 
jake and cindy are home from hawaii but i haven't talked to them yet. peter is incognito, more or less. each of us is too involved with our own day-to-day things to speak to the others. for the present, activity trumps communication. 
dewalli was yesterday with candles and food but no firecrackers here in kc. family, friends, food, celebrations are the good things of my life. i took a long walk this morning and found the nearest park. i'll explore, enjoy and hope to be in touch with my sons pretty soon. 
not settled yet. still striving. 




 wednesday, october 7, 2009




movers have packed the house, loaded the boxes from public storage, almost finished loading at home. dog is in the truck, cats are in hiding (i hope not out the door). i'm working a little, then off to work for real to clear up a little. dentist in the am, more parties, leaving soon. 




 monday, october 5, 2009




moving day approaches. i'm nervous, excited, packing, almost there. 




© 2025 rockmom.comlast update: sunday, february 14, 2010 at 4:04:20 pm





