






mutts n stuff | pit bull rescue





















 










home
about

about
blog


adopt

adopt a pet
how to adopt


get involved

events
foster parent
volunteering
donate


contact us
 


select page


  
 
 














welcome to mutts n stuff

mutts n stuff is a non-profit, pit bull rescue
organization located in the st. louis area.

learn more!










help a pet find their forever home







adopt a pet














“he is your friend, your partner, your defender, your dog.
you are his life, his love, his leader.
he will be yours, faithful and true, to the last beat of his heart.
you owe it to him to be worthy of such devotion.”
– unknown





have a question? contact us today!






name


email address


subject


message




submit











our mission

mutts n stuff is a non-profit, pit bull rescue organization located in the st. louis area. our primary mission is to identify temperamentally sound pit bulls in local shelters, relocate them to loving foster homes where they receive training, and ultimately place them in responsible forever homes. we also work to rebuild and preserve a positive public image for the american pit bull terrier and pit bull mixes by providing accurate educational materials and information.








latest from our blog









in honor of roxy
jun 12, 2014 | blog, in memory ofin honor of roxy, a donation has been make to mutts-n-stuff to pay it forward and help other bully breeds. deepest condolences to roxy's family but know her life made a difference.



in loving memory of alexander joshua schmidt
may 6, 2012 | blog, in memory ofphoenix pack is honored and very grateful to alex schmidt's family and friends for the donations we have received in honor of his life. alex was a proud dad of two beautiful four-legged children named ivan and layla. given alex's love for his kids, his family hopes to...



unbreakoball fundraising
apr 9, 2012 | blog tested and approved by rico! the unbreakoball is great for bully breeds. not only are they great for the bully breed, but they also give rescue organizations like phoenix pack money when you buy one for your four legged family member by clicking on the link...






read more









contact

phone

(314) 306-mutt


email
muttsnstuff@yahoo.com

address
p.o. box 187 foristell, mo 63348



 








 © copyright 2018 mutts n stuff 
































