



you like the taste of danger, it shines like sugar on your lips — livejournal


























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































mystiq_sparrow
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














mystiq_sparrow







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






you like the taste of danger, it shines like sugar on your lips((standing at opposite poles, equal partners in a mystery))



previous 20

nov. 15th, 2006
you were long gone before i ever got to you



location: tanya's house
mood:   tired
music: the sound of silence...

in honor of all that's happened, i can think of no better way to close out this journal than to post the lyrics below.  perfect by natureicons of self-indulgencejust what we all needmore lies about a world thatnever was and never will behave you no shame, don't you see meyou know you've got everybody fooledlook, here she comes nowbow down and stare in wonderoh, how we love youno flaws when you're pretendingbut now i know shenever was and never will beyou don't know how you've betrayed meand somehow you've got everybody fooledwithout the mask, where will you hidecan't find yourself, lost in your liei know the truth nowi know who you areand i don't love you anymoreit never was and never will beyou don't know how you've betrayed meand somehow you've got everybody fooledit never was and never will beyou're not real and you can't save mesomehow now you're everybody's fool!!journal closed!!
posted at 09:53 am | link | spank me! | share | flag

nov. 13th, 2006
new beginnings



location: m & d's
mood:   worried

so we called & booked a mover.  i'll be moving in with my sister officially on 11/27/06.  i'll be sad to leave some of my old life behind, but for the most part i'm looking forward to the chance to start over.speaking of starting over, as i've kind reached a fork in the road in my life, i feel compelled to start a new journal.  when i've actually created it, i'll send a message with my new id.  i'll also post an official closing post on here.ttyl
posted at 03:56 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag

oct. 30th, 2006
your presence still lingers here, and it won't leave me alone...



mood:   broken

i broke up with deb tonight.even though it needed to be done, it still hurts like hell.
posted at 11:14 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag

oct. 29th, 2006
tormented daily, defeated by you...



location: hell.  plain and fucking simple.
mood:   empty

forrest gump and his mom were way off base.life ain't no freakin box of chocolates.litter box?  maybe.  seems more accurate.  get walked all over and shit on all day long...yeah, that's definitely closer than the chocolates.it's sunny out today.  it feels wrong.  the world should be as dark, gray, and turbulent as my fucking life is.  maybe then i wouldn't notice how much things suck ass.
posted at 10:59 am | link | spank me! | share | flag

oct. 25th, 2006
lyrics



location: my own, private, personal circle of hell.
mood:   depressed

fare thee well, my bright star i watched your taillights blaze into nothingness but you were long gone before i ever got to you before you blazed past this address and now, i think of having loved and having lost but never know what it's like to never love who can say what's better, and my heart's become the cost a mere token of a brighter jewel sent from abovefare thee well, my bright star the vanity of youth, the color of your eyes and maybe if i'd fanned the blazing fire of your day-to-day or if i'd been older, i'd been wisetoo thick the heat of those long summer evenings for a cool evening i began to yearn but you could only feed upon the things which feed a fire waiting to see if i would burnfare thee well, my bright star it was a brief, brilliant, miracle dive that which i looked up to, and i clung to for dear life had to burn itself up just to make itself aliveand i caught you then, in your moment of glory your last, dramatic scene against a night sky stage with the memories so clear, that it's as if you're still before me my once-in-a-lifetime, star of an ageso, fare thee well, my bright star last night the tongues of fire circled me around and this strange season of pain will come to pass when the healing hands of autumn cool me down
posted at 05:54 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag

oct. 22nd, 2006
what would you do for a klondike bar?



location: on top of old smokey...
mood:   weird

so.sunday.  no more work for a few days.  woo.aunty sue & uncle warren came down yesterday.  it's a.s.'s b-day on thurs., so we did the whole b-day thing.  cards, gifts, cake.  got to visit my canine cousin, too.  elliot is so cute.  i took him for a walk and he got obsessed with trying to get to this bowl of cat food, left for the cat that lives nearby.  i was like oh hell no.  damn dog is too strong. lol but i won, so it was all good.  told dad about seeing louise in the market, and how she said olivia had back surgery.  i told him i was like my tales of woe trump yours, bitch, back off.  lol  but whatever.  fuck them all.back to school tomorrow.  yah-freaking-hoo...school bites the big one.  i actually can't wati til the damn election day, just to have the day off.  fuckin a.gonna go be mindless on neopets if you care to find me there lol"this post was brought to you by the letters 'b' and 's', as in the subject line was bs...."
posted at 07:54 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag

oct. 19th, 2006
i'm a hippopotomonstrosesquippedalianist.  woo.



location: sleepytown
mood:   sleepy
music: foster's home for imaginary friends on tv

hmm.life bites.trailer-ayla is the bitch neighbor from hell.school is a pain in my ass.i have no outlets.  creative outlets.  not electrical.  though i have only very few of those.betty's birdie has a name now.  her bird is named "b.b." as in "betty's bird."  chris said to her that if she didn't name her bird soon, we were just gonna call her b.b., short for betty's bird.  betty liked it.  so b.b. it is.  we now have puffarella (puffy), flower, & b.b. plus the 4 cats.  and the frog.i'm overtired as all hell.i'm also overstressed.i may start taking ballroom dance lessons...gotta look into price/location/etc...i'm reading thoreau's walden: or, life in the woods for laurie's 19th c. amlit class, and i've discovered i actually like the guy.  that's the first author i can say that about so far.  woohoo.tired.  need coffee.  or sleep.  coffee.  no, sleep.yes.sleep.goodnight.*p.s. my title has absolutely nothing to do with this post. 'cause i'm too sexy for this post...
posted at 07:48 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag

oct. 5th, 2006
you're a crazy bitch but you fuck so good i'm on top of it



location: the land that sanity forgot
mood:   detatched
music: crazy bitch // buckcherry

how do you autosave nothing??  loli had this screen open and another one on myspace, & i was on myspace for a bit, and came here and it says autosaved draft at 2:00:13 pm  lol  autosaved a blank box...fun times.so, i'm over tired.  again.  or, well, actually more like still.  christopher didn't go to school today, so thats one less trip i gotta make.  got about an hour before i gotta pick up joshua, then come back here to wait for deb's art class to end.  then we get to go home.  yay.  i can practically hear that bed calling my name.have i mentioned the bed??  it's the bed this dude who used to live my parents gave deb for free (along with a shitload of other stuff)  it's this huge king size bed...it's so big i have to hoist my fat ass on to it.  i ♥ this bed.  so do the cats :)libby & rita are doing awesome.  the both come to me & to deb now.  libby's first friend was christopher though.  she took a liking to him & marked him with her teeth and everything.  it was so cute.there are now three birds in my house.  puffarella, puffy for short, is a cockatiel; flower is carrie's parakeet; the third is still namesless, but she's betty's parakeet.  plus the 4 cats, and the frog.  and seven humans.  and a partridge in a pear tree.i started wearing earrings again.  if things go okay with having regular earrings in again, i'm probably going to stretch my ear holes.  chris got a shitload of very funky earrings...i forget what gauges he said they were.  but they're cool.well, i have to go pee-pee on the potty like a big girl.  i'll be back, sooner or later.♥kl♥
posted at 01:47 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag

oct. 3rd, 2006
i like monkeys



location: in a banana tree
mood:   i feel monkey-ish!
music: banana boat song


kerri lynn's vanity plate:
st8ment
'what will your vanity plate say?' at quizgalaxy.com<td align="center">you are 40% normal

you not normal.  in fact, you are a weirdo. although you still have the potential to fool people into thinking you are normal.  they will certainly be in for a rude awakening none the less.  
take this quiz at quizgalaxy.com</td>

you fit in with:spiritualismyour ideals are mostly spiritual, but in an individualistic way.  while spirituality is very important in your life, organized religion itself may not be for you.  it is best for you to seek these things on your own terms.40% spiritual.50% reason-oriented.





 









take this quiz at quizgalaxy.com

posted at 10:30 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag

sep. 29th, 2006
"tanya"



mood:   sick

tanyamemories of childhood‘round the bed on bended kneeasking blessings for monsters undeservingfrom a mystical creature in the skywho couldn’t undo the sinsthe monsters had already donemonsters in the closetcould never hold a candleto the monstersfrom whose blood she sprung forthmake-believe childrenliving in her atticgiving birth to the voicesof the demons in her mindexpensive gifts, extravagant itemsbuying the silenceof the little girl trappedin the body of a womanhateful words scarring her mindcreate hateful scars on her fleshand hateful scars on her soulone monster lies-a pile of decay-far beneath the surface wherehis lies, his wrongs go unrightedone monster walksleaving trails of decaythrough the lives of her various victimslike ripples from a stonecarelessly tossed into the oceanspreading far and wide-yet leaving the monster untouchedlives and families torn apartwar-torn, shell-shockedby the battles withincareless lies believedfor fear of facing the truthhypocrisy run amokand the child-woman watchesas a monster’s threats become realityas more of her life shatterslike the glittering fragments she collectsto destroy the womanthe child has learned to despisecrimson rivers on fields of fleshripping open physicallyto mask the wounds deeply hiddenin the mind, in the soulin the shattered spiritof the broken child hell-bent on self-destructingthe shattered shell of the woman she hides insideseasons change, years go bythe promise of time healing all is lostdarkened souls and hardened heartsbroken lives and shattered dreamsvictims picking up the piecesof their battle-scarred pastspiecing them togetherto form their fractured futuresand the child-woman waitsfor a solace which can only be foundin the death of a monster whois living proof only good die youngand the child-woman strugglesforce-forgetting memoriesof puppets on the monster’s stringsforce-forgetting a familywho force-forgot her firstand the child-woman trieswith all her might to force-forgetthose memories of childhood‘round the bed on bended knee.©kerri lynn costa 2006
posted at 10:42 am | link | spank me! | share | flag

sep. 27th, 2006
(no subject)



location: somewhere you aren't
mood:   tired

   

when inspired, you can get enough ideas running through your head to keep you busy for hours. your hobbies are sometimes a little different from other people's because you can't express yourself in the same ways everyone else does.
our potentially ridiculous hobby suggestion for you:playing spoonseverybody's got spoons, so everybody can be a musician. go you.

your scores:creative27.4focused26.71resourceful26.68serious26.5motivated15.06  raw evil score: 51.11% 92% of the internet loves me!i am loved by 92% of the population, including:36158 people who love fat people 55616 people who love poets28111 people who love negative peoplein return, i love 80% of the population, including:31173 negative people7940 lesbians82186 womenshow the love at spacefem.com
posted at 12:38 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag

sep. 23rd, 2006
#600b40



location: sleepyville
mood:   sleepy

you are darkredviolet#600b40your dominant hues are red and magenta. you love doing your own thing and going on your own adventures, but there are close friends you know you just can't leave behind. you can influence others on days when you're patient, but most times you just want to go out, have fun, and do your own thing.your saturation level is high - you get into life and have a strong personality. everyone you meet will either love you or hate you - either way, your goal is to get them to change the world with you. you are very hard working and don't have much patience for people without your initiative.your outlook on life is slightly darker than most people's. you try to see things for what they are and face situations honestly. you'd rather get to the point than look for what's good.the spacefem.com html color quiz
posted at 11:51 am | link | spank me! | share | flag

sep. 18th, 2006
poetry



location: ccri
mood:   tired
music: annoying people behind me chatting

crimson tearscrimson tearstrapped inside bythe painful effervescenceof my fucked up minda sliver of silver salvationdeadly desperationflailing fingers fighting to find--an edge?a ledge?a sudden cry in the night--crying for the grave?crying to be saved?heart pounding, open-mouthedstartled silence as i realizethe cry was minemetallic tang invades my sensesas i feel its unwanted presenceand its scent fills my lungssudden rush as the pressure leavesi welcome the emptinesscrimson tearspuddled around mecarelessly set freeby my own fucked up mind© 2006 by kerri lynn costaunnamed poem #3 rancid sunshineinvading the darknessin the dank, empty shell of my souldesolate madnessmaniacally laughingreminding me that i am not wholeterrifying silencetorturing my senseswith thought of what still waits to comeanguished desperationleaving me frozento watch as my life comes undone© 2006 by kerri lynn costa
posted at 03:58 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag

sep. 13th, 2006
silence


silencealways the quiet onecontent to sit and watch your twin claim the attentionskittering around at my touchonce the silent partner, still silent once aloneyet the sound of your movement helped my shattered heart to mendgolden silence has tarnishedsilence is a rusty knife being twisted in my hearttwice your warmth and love repaired my soulrenewed my spiritkept me wholenow, you are gonenever before have i heard such profound silence felt such utter emptinessmy life-beaten heart has once again shatteredthank you for loving mefor drying my tears of lossfor picking up my shattered piecesand putting me back togetheri will always love youi will always carry you with mei will always feel your presencein every silent moment in my life © 2006 by kerri lynn costa
posted at 01:27 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag


requiem



location: liston campus computer lab
mood:   broken

.:in loving memory:.alto harmonydecember 28, 2002 - september 13, 2006.:in loving memory:.mommy misses you already.  you'll always be in my heart.
posted at 01:14 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag

sep. 12th, 2006
(no subject)



location: hell
mood:   bitchy

he wonders why i hate men so much.  he should go take a really good look in the mirror.  fucking asshole.i hate being angry.  i do.  anger takes up too much energy, and it's a pointless waste of energy.  but right now, i still just want to push him off the porch and see if he bounces on his empty head.i hate men.i can't abide them even now and then.then ever marry one of them, i'd rest a maiden rather,for husbands are a boring lot that only give you bother.of course, i'm awful glad that mother dained to marry father,still, i hate men.of all the types i've ever met within our democracy,i hate the most the athlete with his manner bold and brassy.he may have hair upon his chesst, but sister, so has lassie!oh, i hate men!i hate men.their worth upon this earth i can not tendavoid the trav'ling salesman though a tempting tom he maybefrom china he will bring you jade and perfume from arabibut don’t forget tis he who’ll have the fun and thee the babyoh i hate menif thou shouldst wed a business man, be wary, oh be wary:he'll tell you he's detained in town on business neccesary.the business is the business that he gives his secretary!oh, i hate men!i hate men.though roosters they, i will not play the hen.if you espouse an older man through girlish optimism, he'll always stay at home at night and make no criticism.though you may call it love, the doctors call it rheumatism.oh, i hate men!
posted at 02:51 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag

sep. 9th, 2006
baby ava



location: m&d's bedroom
mood:   sleepy
music: a/c in the bg


posted at 12:42 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag

sep. 8th, 2006
stork sighting!



location: home
mood:   happy
music: random chatter

welcome to the world♥ ava clara carey ♥born 09/01/066 lbs. 11 oz
posted at 08:21 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag

sep. 5th, 2006
another one bites the dust...



location: on campus.  back home.
mood:   infuriated
music: clickety-clacking keyboards.

so, after all my sleepless nights and tearfilled days of worry, turns out robin is just another psycho bitch from planet fuckhead.  apparently she's out in missouri, with some flake she met online.  here's the transcript of an im between the idiot she's with and a friend of tanya's:t's friend: heyyyyyyyyyyyyyflakey fuckhead: hey what's up?t's friend: hey you tell meeee!! are youok? flakey fuckhead: yeah i'm kgoodflakey fuckhead: i went to kansas fora whilet's friend: are you married now? flakey fuckhead: nopeflakey fuckhead: i'm back in st. louisnowt's friend: well everyone was rootin forya... but i was more concerned for your well beingflakey fuckhead: it's all goodflakey fuckhead: i'[m hanging out withrhonda now and i brought robin with meflakey fuckhead: she 's from rhodeislandt's friend: i know. has she contactedopheliadrowns........ everyone was worried sick abouther what is up with thatflakey fuckhead: she was being treatedbadlyt's friend: i was told that robin ismentally ill and that she needs medication and she hasa mind of a 14 year old.t's friend: ophelia was in tears for days.t's friend: so now i don't know who tobelieve. t's friend: but if she's with you and she'sok... i speak no more. flakey fuckhead: she's been fine hereflakey fuckhead: she's superintelligent about computers so i'm not sure what thatgirl is talking about t's friend: she said she lived with her for5 years plus... and that she has mental issuesflakey fuckhead: she seems fine to mebut then i'm not holdingt her down and forcing pillsdown her throat or threatening to kill her all thetimet's friend: i don't know... i only know whatopelia told me... so i can't speculate... or makejudgements so that marks the end of another apparently meaningless relationship.  it's bad enough that our blood related family is full of fucking assholes who seem to enjoy fucking us over and tearing our hearts to shreads.  but when the chosen family, people we willingly let into our lives, do the same thing it hurts even more.  i loved robin--she was my niece.  she was family.  family is not supposed to do this shit.  i thought i knew her.  i thought she cared about us.  i worried about her so many times.  i would be on the phone with her while she was still in md, and i knew--i fucking knew--that she was hurting herself somehow...i sat there like a sucker trying to talk her into getting some kind help while she cut herself on the other end of the line.  i would hang up and just burst into tears because i was afraid she would end up dead.  and this is how she treats me--treats us all.  i can't do this anymore.  caring so much about someone like her only winds up putting me into an unhealthy situation.  it took me almost as long as i've been alive to realize that i have a heel of a lot of inner strength, more than i'd have ever expected to have.  i will not--i repeat not--let my strength be knocked out from under me for someone who will only fuck me over in the end.robin, if by some chance you find this & read it, i can only hope that it's caused you even half the tears that you have cause me over the years.  i'm sorry you felt the need to take off, and i don't hold that against you.  if you are not happy, you have every right to try to find somewhere that will make you happy.  what i can--and do--hold against you, however, is your choice to tell everyone how awfully we treated you, and that your life was threatened.  by doing so, you've sunk to the same level as alicia, though you claimed to hate her when she made the same bullshit claims as you did, almost verbotem.  i hope you enjoy whatever it is you think this new life has to offer you.  judging from the sound of whom your staying with, i can only imagine the...adventures, shall we say, you'll find.  when you discover that life in missouri is about as wonderful as getting a lobotomy, where will you run to next?  how long til you end up on the streets somewhere?  don't bother trying to cry to me, because i am no longer your crying towel.  i can't do it anymore.  and i just plain fucking won't do it anymore.my one fear is that you will reach the same end that britany did.my one regret is for caring in the first place.
posted at 12:15 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag


(no subject)


      what is your true element? (great anime pictures) (very detailed results)  darknesswhere there is not light, there is darkness. you are not an evil person, just distant. you feel like other people don't understand you completely. you most likely long for more friends and someone to talk to. you love the night sky. the reason you embrace the darkness so is because when all others would not see you, it always returned to you. it was something you could count on.take this quiz!quizilla | join | make a quiz | more quizzes | grab code
posted at 12:14 pm | link | spank me! | share | flag


previous 20









whatchu talkin bout?long ago & far away♥my girls♥four eleven


november 2006



s
m
t
w
t
f
s


   1234

567891011

12131415161718

19202122232425

2627282930  



clicky-clicky!


myspace me!xanga it up!some days you gotta dance...


page summary


you were long gone before i ever got to younew beginningsyour presence still lingers here, and it won't leave me alone...tormented daily, defeated by you...lyricswhat would you do for a klondike bar?i'm a hippopotomonstrosesquippedalianist.  woo.you're a crazy bitch but you fuck so good i'm on top of iti like monkeys"tanya"(no subject)#600b40poetrysilencerequiem(no subject)baby avastork sighting!another one bites the dust...(no subject)


syndicate

  


powered by livejournal.com


 






























