







kellenberg memorial high school – a catholic school in the marianist tradition.













































































































 

































skip to content



1400 glenn curtiss blvd., uniondale, ny 11553(516) 292-0200alumnialumni home reunions  calendar camps faculty giving photos shop top navfacebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new window
search:
search









kellenberg memorial high school
a catholic school in the marianist tradition.


aboutabout: mission & belief statement administration advisory board attendance policy benefit outing & gala reception directions employment opportunities financial info shepherd’s fund spreading our wings who we are.  academicsacademics info college creditcollege credit information college credit syllabi & transcript requests  science elective information senior elective information senior seminarssenior summer seminar information law & criminal justice seminar information calculus seminar information economics seminar information physics seminar information statistics seminar information  stem information  activitiesactivities s.a.l.t. login senior trip yearbook  admissionsopen house (october 5, 2024) open house for accepted candidates (january 25, 2025) freshman orientation (2024) high school admissions latin school admissions schedule a visit  arkapostolic response at kellenberg catholic experience summer program formed submit a prayer request xlt registration & info  athleticsathletics home amended tryout procedure sport sign-up directions blue & gold concussion policy ncaa information summer camps streaming athletic events sudden cardiac arrest awareness team schedules  guidanceguidance home college admissions for representatives college placement for students college placement for parents family resource page latin school guidance transcript request  media360º tour music & podcastsapple music spotify soundcloud the kellenberg podcast  heart & mind magazine morning announcements the phoenixonline (student newspaper) the renaissance (literary magazine) photo gallery videoslivestream profile youtube channel vimeo channel   parentsparents home forms (parent portal) documentos y formularios en español parents club kapa parent orientation evenings 2024 professional directory listing report cards transportation information uniform ordering, dress, & appearance  studentsstudents home bell schedules bus information (after school) high school uniforms ipad information kellenberg style sheet library lunch menu (culinart food services) student handbook summer reading  latin schoolabout the latin school latin school admissions latin school guidance department latin school uniforms latin school news summer reading supply list  




 
aboutabout: mission & belief statement administration advisory board attendance policy benefit outing & gala reception directions employment opportunities financial info shepherd’s fund spreading our wings who we are.  academicsacademics info college creditcollege credit information college credit syllabi & transcript requests  science elective information senior elective information senior seminarssenior summer seminar information law & criminal justice seminar information calculus seminar information economics seminar information physics seminar information statistics seminar information  stem information  activitiesactivities s.a.l.t. login senior trip yearbook  admissionsopen house (october 5, 2024) open house for accepted candidates (january 25, 2025) freshman orientation (2024) high school admissions latin school admissions schedule a visit  arkapostolic response at kellenberg catholic experience summer program formed submit a prayer request xlt registration & info  athleticsathletics home amended tryout procedure sport sign-up directions blue & gold concussion policy ncaa information summer camps streaming athletic events sudden cardiac arrest awareness team schedules  guidanceguidance home college admissions for representatives college placement for students college placement for parents family resource page latin school guidance transcript request  media360º tour music & podcastsapple music spotify soundcloud the kellenberg podcast  heart & mind magazine morning announcements the phoenixonline (student newspaper) the renaissance (literary magazine) photo gallery videoslivestream profile youtube channel vimeo channel   parentsparents home forms (parent portal) documentos y formularios en español parents club kapa parent orientation evenings 2024 professional directory listing report cards transportation information uniform ordering, dress, & appearance  studentsstudents home bell schedules bus information (after school) high school uniforms ipad information kellenberg style sheet library lunch menu (culinart food services) student handbook summer reading  latin schoolabout the latin school latin school admissions latin school guidance department latin school uniforms latin school news summer reading supply list  













 


























congratulations

class of 2029!





 







registration for kellenberg memorial
to become a member of the class of 2029, there is a two-part registration.
part i: complete the online student profile by february 24th (link is found in acceptance email)
if you plan to enroll for the class of 2029, you must complete the online profile by february 24th. after that date, the link in the acceptance email will no longer be active and you must call the admissions office at 516-292-0200 for further instructions.
part ii: at the end of the online student profile, (on the appointment screen), please do not make an appointment and call the admissions office at 516-292-0200 x210 to make an in-person appointment for the afternoon of february 25th.
as always, please call the admissions office at 516-292-0200 x210 with any questions.
welcome to the kellenberg memorial class of 2029! 





























summer camp registration open! 






click here to register.











 













 







 






latest news 




 

fashion club learns about clothing in different culturesby phoenix newspaperfebruary 13, 2025article by phoenix writer ryleigh o’neill ’28: on monday, february 3, the fashion club got together in the millennium room for a meeting with guest speaker isy odiaka. isy odiaka is a kellenberg graduate from the class of 2019 who has an extensive knowledge of nigerian culture, which was the topic of her presentation. she…read more 


 



 

seniors learn about life and deathby phoenix newspaperfebruary 13, 2025article by phoenix writer grace andino ’25: on january 29, senior students and faculty heard an annual presentation regarding catholic moral tradition and modern medicine from alumna meagan ledetsch. meaghan ledetsch graduated from kellenberg in 2005. since then, she attended the university of scranton where she received a bachelor of science in psychology, and subsequently…read more 


 



 

open house welcomes accepted studentsby phoenix newspaperfebruary 13, 2025article by phoenix writer delaney clark ’25: on saturday, january 25, kellenberg held its open house for accepted students of the class of 2029. this event showcased the apostolic, academic, athletic, and extracurricular aspects of kellenberg. the day included a tour of the main building as well as the new fcaa, alumni and faculty speakers,…read more 


 



 

firebirds take gold at league tournamentby phoenix newspaperfebruary 12, 2025article by phoenix writer griffin strauss ’25: the firebird wrestling team soared to victory at the nschsaa league tournament on sunday, february 9th. the team wrestled hard earning a total of 434 team points, 71.5 points ahead of runner-up and league rival chaminade, to secure the title of league champions. seniors “jackal” joe estrella (152…read more 


 



 

kellenberg gathers to celebrate founders day massby phoenix newspaperfebruary 12, 2025article by phoenix writer sophia venturino ’26: on january 30th, kellenberg memorial finished off the shortened week with a mass celebrating founders day. the school community will not be in school friday for this reason, as kellenberg celebrates the individuals who founded both the school and the marianists themselves. this was the highlight of the…read more 


 



 

a night to remember at latin school winter danceby phoenix newspaperfebruary 12, 2025article by phoenix writer olivia iorio ’26: on january 24, the latin school danced the night away at the annual winter wonderland dance. at least 150 students, ranging from 6th to 8th grade, were in attendance. along with the latin schoolers, senior marianist leaders took part in the event as chaperones. organized by the latin…read more 


 



 

families dance the night away at annual pop hopby phoenix newspaperfebruary 11, 2025article by phoenix writer eva mclaughlin ’26: kellenberg’s annual pop hop took place on thursday, january 30 in the cafeteria. over 500 girls and their father figured enjoyed a fun night of food and dancing. the cafeteria was transformed into a beautiful event space by members of s.a.l.t. kellenberg’s craft club contributed to the decor…read more 


 
 



all featured articles. 












 





 
















 






learn more about howkellenberg memorialis preparing for the future.

















































 







the bro. joseph c. fox latin school 



at kellenberg memorial 



a qualitative catholic middle school education with the resources of a high school 



since 1988, the brother joseph c. fox latin school has been providing middle school students with a qualitative catholic education in the marianist tradition. students in the sixth, seventh, and eighth grades follow a challenging curriculum that stimulates their intellects and expands their understanding. 






find out more about the latin school.



























 




we are


				one heart.			

				one mind.			

				firebirds.			

				kellenberg.			

				marianist.			

				catholic.			

				family.			

				kellenberg.			



























 









accreditation 



kellenberg memorial high school is accredited by the board of regents of the state of new york and the middle states association of colleges and schools. 











about kellenberg memorial
kellenberg memorial high school is a private, independent catholic school established in 1987. it is located near the middle of nassau county, long island, on a campus of twenty-one acres. kellenberg memorial is owned and operated by the brothers and priests of the marianist community. the curriculum is exclusively college preparatory. three academic programs prepare students for college studies. financial constraints do not permit any special academic programs or modifications of the required curriculum. admission is based on the catholic high school entrance exam.
–learn more about kellenberg memorial here 


















						phenomenal school, outstanding leadership, devoted teachers who love their jobs, dedicated coaches who care about their players and success, where faith is inspired, nurtured, celebrated and academic excellence is the assumption. friendships that will last a lifetime. could not possibly have dreamed of a better 4 years for my daughter.					





mary allen cavanaghvia facebook 






						i am a proud kellenberg memorial graduate. i have completed my education doctorate degree...thank you kellenberg for preparing me for the educational world.					





natasha cox-magno '89kellenberg memorial alumna (via facebook) 






						the best decision we have made was sending our daughter to kellenberg memorial high school. both my husband and i attended parochial school, but our experience can't be compared to what our daughter has experienced. during the last three years, i have witnessed her spiritual growth; her sincere desire to help those less fortunate; to her academic focus. in a few months, our son will be joining the kellenberg family, and we're confident he will be just as successful.					





ingrid matias chungatakellenberg parent (via facebook) 






						my son attended the latin school for the past 3 years...it has taught him so much and has offered so many activities which have made such a huge impact on his intellectual skills. such a wonderful experience!					





anthony corteselatin school parent (via facebook) 






						unbelievable place, excellent education, it truly is the best place in the world. my son is loving every minute of his experiences there. it's more than a school, it's a home.					





tracey farrell reverekellenberg parent (via facebook) 






						an incredible school, that our two sons thrived at, so differently, in academics, spirituality, sports, and sense of self, independence.. as a friend once said, kellenberg is like having an extra parent in the family.. in a good way. during the most turbulent years of development, kellenberg teachers are there, every day, for the students.					





constance rolandalumni parent (via facebook) 






						three of my sons and my grandchild attended kellenberg and i could not be more pleased with the education they got. they are all excellent writers and that has helped them excel in what they chosen to do. i love to still be part of the kellenberg memorial hs as part of kapa, the school has been part of my family for the past twenty one years. i would recommend kellenberg to any parent.​					





janny garciaalumni parent (via facebook) 






						great school, great staff & atmosphere. best decision to send my daughter here. she’s thriving academically, socially, & spiritually.
					





nicole furlongparent (via facebook) 






						the kids are always so happy! they are always going from one club to the next activity and it’s hard to get them to leave school. they get a strenuous and rigorous, classic education that is tailored to the needs of students.					





moira murphy walshkellenberg parent (via facebook) 






						this is the most wonderful school you can imagine. great atmosphere and faculty who really care. i have a senior and he actually loves going to school every day. thank you kellenberg for all you do.					





andrew goodmankellenberg parent (via facebook) 




 previous


 next
















faith is a 

primary aspect

 of the kellenberg memorial school community.





a marianist education in addition to the academic and extracurricular programs at kellenberg memorial, students also share in a faith experience within the context of a catholic school community. all activities, both inside and outside of the classroom, are carried out in the spirit of the gospel of jesus christ. through the spiritual dimension of their education students grow into mature, christian men and women. retreat programs are held in emmanuel retreat house on campus and at founder’s hollow, a marianist retreat facility in upstate new york.  



faith in action 











				kellenberg gathers to celebrate founders day mass			



			february 12, 2025		


			read more »		









				kellenberg marches for life			



			february 4, 2025		


			read more »		









				kellenberg welcomes the jubilee year			



			january 29, 2025		


			read more »		





« previous
page1
page2
page3
page4
page5
next » 












athletics news 











				firebirds take gold at league tournament			



			february 12, 2025		


			read more »		









				kellenberg athletes honored at hofstra			



			february 4, 2025		


			read more »		









				firebird wrestlers dominate at battle at the beach			



			december 12, 2024		


			read more »		





« previous
page1
page2
page3
page4
page5
next » 












our location 














share this page

share on facebookshare on facebook
share on xshare on x
share on linkedinshare on linkedin
pin itshare on pinterest















					1400 glenn curtiss blvd.,
uniondale, ny 11553
                

founders hollow into the deep blog province of meribah st. martin de porres marianist school online shop tap here for links to our friends.© kellenberg memorial high school 2025








go to top












 



 

phoenix online survey: pets of the nest
the phoenixonline staff would love to know what the kellenberg community thinks about both the spiritual and the mundane. everybody knows how much kellenberg loves its animal friends, so let us know what your favorite pet is!
click here to take our survey. 






































































