


rosanne bittner: heart of the west









 



rosanne
bittner







here's
a complete list of all my books 
  here's how to get
them 
  order my books




what's
new???    about me    advice to
writers    faq    personal
appearances    blogs/articles      readers'
comments 
 awards    foreign
titles    email me    copyrights and
credits    favorite links    sourcebooks    diversion
books    amazon books
series:  outlaw hearts    savage
destiny    high lonesome    blue hawk
    mystic indian     wilderness
trilogy    inspirationals
also follow me on  facebook and  my blog, and
 please join my heart of the west street team!
new blog: happy 2025      february
2025 newsletter      email me to subscribe to my
e-newsletter!





 happy february! 







       here in
michigan, february is a month that holds hope and romance. it’s the last
month of true winter. we know that blessed spring is just around the corner.
yes, march can be pretty mean and unpredictable, but it’s nothing like
november through january, with weeks of true winter still ahead. 
       for
me, the best thing about february is valentines day. it’s a month of
bright red hearts and white lace, a month to celebrate love, eat chocolate and
fill your house with the smell of flowers, which, again, reminds me of spring.
i can’t wait to get out into my flower garden behind my house and feel the
warm sun on my face as i watch all the shrubs and roses break into bright
colors. 

       valentine's day brought the reissue
of this time forever, just
in time to relieve the "winter doldrums." what could be better than
cozying up in a comfortable chair with a mug of hot cocoa and rediscovering an
old friend -- or reading one of my early books for the first time? meanwhile,
here is the new cover! (some people have asked why this book will have a new
cover, since the text is the same as it was in the original 1989 printing.
that's because, even though i was able to get the rights back to the story, the
original cover (and back cover blurb) still belong to the original publisher,
and for me to use it again would be a violation of their copyright.) 
       for
those of you who haven't already read it, this time forever is about an
independent, brave woman who is orphaned on her way to the us from scotland and
travels west with a mormon family, though she is not mormon herself. it's a
beautiful depiction of the fortitude of pioneer women, and my heroine's ability
to survive the harsh realities of a woman alone in a rugged land. it also one
of my foreign "hits" -- it has been translated into
norwegian and reprinted at
least four times in french!
    order this time
forever    
       on
the writing front: i am having a few problems with if i loved you. some
stories come harder than others, and often the normal events of real life get
in the way. it doesn’t help that characters from dancing beneath
you and, of course, jake himself from my outlaw series keep haunting me.
some characters just won’t leave me alone.
       speaking
of book #77, if i loved you was inspired by the song by the same name
from the 1945 musical carousel. i find this a bit ironic because i didn't know
when i picked the title that it came from a musical that was popular the year i
was born. i just knew and loved the song. when i hear it, i picture two people
from two extremely different worlds who fall in love but are kept apart because
of their very different lifestyles, beliefs and customs. i love stories about
how love can bring and hold two people together against all odds. that is the
kind of story you will find in if i loved you, bringing a well-educated
and well-mannered young woman, margaret phillips-gaines, into the wild and
challenging world of a cheynne dog soldier named thunder spirit. both
characters suffer shattered hearts for very different reasons. being faced with
a love each knows is impossible to keep for the other makes that love an even
bigger challenge because neither is sure their hearts can bear more hurt and
loss. but you know me. i don't even know yet how this story will end or how i
can "fix" the difficult problems these two face, but i will find a
way.
       i
see if i loved you as one of my best love stories, not just because of
impossible odds, but because it also involves thunder spirit's five-year-old
son, little owl, the only child left of thunder spirit's family after the sand
creek massacre. little owl will win your hearts as he becomes the catalyst that
gives margaret and thunder spirit hope for a relationship that never should
have survived. i just know all of you will love this story. 
       after
that i will be writing either a sequel to dancing beneath you or the
next “jake” book, which will zero in on lloyd and katie. i also need
a story about about young jake as a grown man. i might combine their stories. i
do know young jake will have his grandfather’s personality and that
“wild side” that will often get him in trouble. i think his parents,
evie and brian, will have to bail that young man out of jail more than once.
but along will come a young woman who will help change his life … the kind
of woman young jake has always searched for … someone who is as faithful
as his grandma miranda was to jake. the story will also get young jake involved
in world war i. 
       the
ideas never end! i pray every night for the health i’ll need to continue
writing. my goal is 80 books before i am gone from this earth. shadow
trail is number 76, so i have a good start! i appreciate all of you so
much. you are what keeps me going, so keep reading, and as long as the good
lord allows my brain and fingers to work, i will keep writing!
       
if you are new to my writing -- or even if you want to replace old favorites --
please see my books in print page for a complete
list of all my books, with most recent covers, publication histories, and
amazon.com ordering links. eventually, i want to have all of my backlist
available for both new readers and long-time fans who have reread the original
print versions so many times that the pages are worn out! if you prefer the
convenience of e-books, check out my e-books
list, where you will find ordering links for electronic versions of my
books in several different e-book formats. 
       brand new bittner titles
are distributed through amazon.com. but locally in southwest lower michigan --
my books are available at hardings market and linda's antiques in coloma and
back on the rack
in watervliet! you'll find my new books there, as well as an assortment of my
older titles. i am excited to have such great outlets for my work right here in
and near my own hometown. (plus, email mefor a personalized
autograph.) you can also check with your local library or book store and ask
them to order any of my books you’d like to read.
       and
if you want a print book personalized for yourself or before you
“gift” it, just e-mail me privately at
rosannebittner17@outlook.com
for mailing information, and i will pay the postage to send the signed books
back to you! or, if you prefer, i can autograph a label for you to stick into
your book.
       i'm
hearing from more and more men who enjoy my books because they are packed with
action, western history, and solid family values as well as heart- felt
romance. yes, "real" men really do enjoy reading my books!
       many
thanks for your continuing e-mails and notes. you keep me going back to the
computer to write more books. many of you tell me that reading my books got you
through something physically or emotionally traumatic -- well, writing those
books does the same thing for me! keep reading, and i will keep writing!
rosanne









a colt .45, much like the gun my
heroes use - and my own .30-.30 rifle. the colt is surprisingly heavy and
requires a strong hand and arm to draw, cock and fire in one swift movement.
that would take a lot of practice! 






       "your
stories keep me up all night...i'm up in my seventies--and your books take me
back in time--and i relive my life through your wonderful imagination! thank
you for being there for all of your readers." -- zella mae





because of the large number of requests i receive for full
lists of my books, the books in print section of
this website is frequently updated to reflect my latest releases, as well as
listing all of my past works. i have also added a my
books now available in e-reader formats page with ordering links for all
e-reader formats. you can also use the "search" link below to find
new, used, and kindle versions of my books on amazon.com! 





here's a complete list of all
my books    here's how to get them 


what's
new???    faq    personal appearances
series:  outlaw hearts    savage
destiny    high lonesome    blue hawk
    mystic indian     wilderness
trilogy    inspirationals
sourcebooks
casablanca    amazon books    diversion books
about me    advice to
writers    awards    readers'
comments    foreign titles
 favorite
links    email me    copyrights and
credits







unless otherwise noted, all text copyright © rosanne
bittner. all rights reserved.
page and background design copyright © 1997 - 2021 by michelle crean,
hook & web designs. if you have any questions or comments, please contact
design@crean.com. 


