/















at bankers realty exclusive, inc.s' we understand that buying or selling a house is more than just a transaction, it’s a life-changing experience. that’s why our team at bankers realty exclusive, inc.'s of highly-seasoned extraordinary real estate professionals are dedicated to providing exceptionally high performance and personalized service to all of our clients.  we take great pride in the relationships we build and always work relentlessly on the client’s behalf to help them achieve their real estate goals.  please feel free to explore the website, if you have any question, or would like to schedule a showing or to discuss your house value, please give us a call today at 800-421-9323 or text at 818-880-9925. we are here to serve you with all your real estate needs.    

















































search for real estate




join now
commission calculator









				welcometo 






thank you for taking the time to visit our website. our real estate brokerage specialized in assisting buyers and sellers in los angeles, ventura county and orange county. our website contains all listings from all real estate brokerages, there's no need to look anywhere else for your next home.
all the latest listings available in california.large photos, home tours & maps including google® street view.notification of new listings and price changes.free to use. we respect your privacy.we're here to help with all your real estate needs.please feel free to explore bankers realty exclusive's  website, if you have any questions, or would like to see a home in person, to discuss your home's value and don't forget we offer a free home valuation,  please give us a call today.  we are here to help you and your family, this is our primary goal!  thank you for stopping by and checking out our bankers realty exclusive, inc.'s website.
warm regards,

david yeomans-broker of record
sonia agresti-vice president
bankers realty exclusive, inc. -westlake village
david.bankersrealty@gmail.com or sonia.bankers@gmail.com
call or text 818.880.9925 or 818.632.5858
ca license no 01857464


















































site map • property search • new listings • price changes • your favorites • sell your home



		© proagentwebsites.com | 
		terms & conditions | 
		privacy policy | 
		fair housing | 
		dmca | 
		accessibility











