



mcgee surname dna project




 mcgee surname dna project
(mcgee, mcghee, magee, ...)

[mcgee genealogies]
[y-dna comparison utility]





© 2006 
william richard sterling
m'ghie of balmaghie
coat of arms



impressions of the m'ghie seals

from the gallovidian (749k pdf)

the gallovidian as html pages

no. 26, vol. vii -- summer, 1905


mcgee origins

the name m'ghie is said to 
have it's first recorded use
as macethe in dumfries, scotland in 1296. the common american 
surnames of mcgee, mcghee, and magee share this root. these
names (and other variants) are all treated as the same for the 
purposes of this project.

tradition has it that the land later known as the
parish of balmaghie in kirkcudbrightshire, scotland was settled,
perhaps in the ninth century, by an irish chieftain of the m'ghie name.
the m'ghies held land there for upwards of a thousand years until a
descendancy to female lines ended the reign.

in the early seventeenth century the 'plantation of ulster' by 
the english and scots was begun and a number of macgees settled 
ireland during that time. starting in the early eighteenth century 
and continuing sporadically until the start of the american revolution, 
large numbers of these scotch-irish, or ulster-scots as they are
also called, emigrated to 
america. the ancestors of many present day mcgees set foot in 
america during that period and more arrived during the mid 
nineteenth century as they fled the irish potato famine. 

the mcgee surname dna project seeks to identify the lines of the 
present day mcgees and, together with genealogy research, determine 
how they relate to one another. 
the project is open to all who want to
further the understanding of their mcgee heritage.

surname dna testing works because the y-chromosome, which only males
have, is passed down
from father to son, virtually intact.  by comparing some of the 
inactive areas of this chromosome, we can
determine whether or not multiple individuals are closely related.


mcgee project dna testing
if you are male and have the surname mcgee 
(mcghee, magee, mcgehee, mcghie, megee, ...),
and especially if you have established genealogy to the nineteenth century
or earlier (but this is by no means a requirement), 
you are invited to join the mcgee surname dna project

through family tree dna

i recommend the 37 marker test discounted for
project members with ftdna.  ftdna also has a 67 marker test
which is likewise recommended. 

if this cost is prohibitive
there is a 12 marker  at ftdna that can be upgraded at a later time. 

the 12 marker test can exclude family relationships, but more markers are 
required to have some confidence of reliably identifying close relationships.

please email me
if you would like to discuss the pros and cons of which company to use.

you can compare the markers used by various tests on the
y-marker comparison page.

ftdna keeps your dna sample for 25 years and is easily
upgradable throught additional testing.


since there is unlikely to be any difference between the dna tests of siblings
or near cousins, you might want to share
the cost and order only one higher marker test for close relatives.  

females can participate by enlisting the support of their fathers, 
paternal grandfathers, brothers, or other male relatives with the mcgee
surname.






mcgee surname dna

mcgee surname dna results and genealogy - see the results of 
mcgee dna that have completed testing. 
mcgee project results at ftnda (latest results)



join the mcgee surname dna project with ftdna 

available for males with mcgee surname.





index to this page


mcgee surname dna

dna introduction and information
mcgee family specifics

mcgee surname variants distribution in the us
mcgee lines of special interest
on the origins of the mcgee name
the m'ghies of balmaghie
on the parish of balmaghie
on the parish of island magee






search libraries worldwide
using the worldcat database







clan septs and associations

macgee, macghee are septs of 
clan donald
macgee, macghee, macghie are septs of
clan mackay
magee is a sept of clan maguire
macgehee and macghee have a traditional association with 
clan gregor

individuals with the surname of mcgee, magee, mcghee, mcgehee, 
or one of the other variants, 
could potentially be associated with one of these clans.  dna testing can help
to identify which, if any, clan associations you might have.  nothing can 
substitute for good genealogical research with solid paper trails, but dna
testing might help identify ancient origins as well as help confirm
more recent genealogical relationships. in the absence of proven
documentation, the testing results
may be useful in guiding the direction of future research.  



dna introduction and information


     family tree dna videos 
     - sit back, watch and listen; streaming videos 6-7 minutes each

     family tree dna inheritance chart 
     - good chart showing y-chromosome and mtdna inheritance
dna 101 
     - from the blair dna project, understand the basics on one webpage; good links
dna basics 
     - more in depth: cell chemistry, dna replication, dna sequencing, etc.

photo journal of the dna 
     collection process 
     - the dorsey project provides a light-hearted documentation of 
       the dna collection procedure.

web based y-dna comparison utility for
finding genetic distances, highlighting dna differences, 
and finding generations to the most recent common ancestor.
excel spreadsheet dna macros for
finding genetic distances, highlighting dna differences, 
and exporting to html tables.superceded by web based utility

microfilm and document imaging methods



mcgee family specifics

mcgee families of the american revolution
mcgee families of the mcgee dna project

mcgee family (1426-1729) 
of kirkcudbrightshire, scotland; donegal, tyrone, & antrim, ireland; lancaster co.,pennsylvania




mcgee surname variants distribution in the us and uk
1881 uk census distribution (all mcgee variants)
excluding ireland




1880 us census distribution (all mcgee variants)




map courtesy of www.wykes.org/dist
and familysearch 1880 census cd





census distribution of mcgee surname
surname1990 us 1880 us1881 uk
mcgee0.031%77,000  0.033% 16,7380.009%3,075
magee 0.011%  27,0000.015%7,3750.000%8
mcghee 0.011% 27,0000.005%2,6210.004%1,244
mcgehee0.003% 7,500 0.002%9470.000%0
mcghie  0.001%  2,5000.000%1180.002%782
total100.0%248,709,873100.0%50,155,783100.0%35,026,108

mckee0.017% 42,500
mckay0.014% 35,000
mackay0.003% 7,500
mackey0.001% 2,500
mckey0.001% 2,500

source: 
us census name search, familysearch us & uk national index






on the origins of the mcgee name

from 

"the surnames of scotland, their origin, meaning, and history" by 
george f. black, ph.d., p. 496:


macghie, macghee, macgee. ir. mag-aoidh, "son of aodh," and so same as mackay.
gilmighel mac ethe of dumfries rendered homage, 1296 (bain, ii, p. 198).  
in the following year, as gille michel macgethe, he was thanked by edward 
i for putting down evildoers and for other services (hist. docs., 
ii, p. 197; bain, ii, p. 324). 
...
gilbert mcgeth was 
custumar or collector of customs in the burgh of kirkcudbrith, 1331 (er., i,
p. 374), and michael macge or mageth, landholder in galloway was
admitted to the king's peace by edward iii in 1339 (rot. scot.),
...
gilbert m'gy is styled lord of balmage in 1426 (rms., ii). robert macgye
(m'gy, macge, or magy) was the king's mime, 1444-49 (er., iii, p. 150, 274,
378).  john makke made oblation by procurator in 1463 for the vicarage of st.
michael's, dumfries (edgar, p.135).  
...

the galwegian family of macghie
gave name to balmaghie ("macghie's town"). m'ge 1555, m'gey 1473,
m'ghye 1648, m'gye 1482, machgie 1684, makge 1550, makgee 1527,
makghie 1617; m'eth, mcgie, mcghie, mackghie, makgie.  in old galloway
documents m'ghie and m'kie are used indiscriminately




from "irish families, their names, arms and origins" by eward maclysaght (1972)



macgee is an ulster name which is more usually written magee (ct. macguire -
maguire; macguinness - magennis, etc.).  in irish it is mag aodha, i.e. son of
aodh or hugh, the mac, as is often the case when the prefix is folloed by a vowel,
becoming mag.  it has been stated that our ulster macgees are of scottish extraction,
having come to ireland during the plantation of ulster in the early seventeenth
century.  there certainly is a numerous scottish family so called, who are akin to the
macdonnells and claim descent from colla uais and so an irish origin.  there are
gaelic irish macgees also.  they belong to the country on the borders of counties
donegal and tyrone.  the name is more usually associated with co. antrim because
the large isthmus on the east coast of lough larne is called island magee and this territory
was at one time in the possession of the magees.  in early mediaeval times a macgee 
was chief of a sept in co. westmeath but these were dispersed after the anglo-norman
invasion.  the early history of the macgees is thus rather obscure, but people of the
name were prominent in various phases of irish life in the eighteenth and nineteenth
centruy.  most of these were northern protestants, among whom were most rev.
william magee (1766-1831), archbishop of dublin and mathematician, his grandson
william connor magee (1821-1891), strong opponent of gladstone's irish policy,
rector of enniskillen, dean of cork and finally archbishop of york.  martha magee
(c.1755-1846), was the founder of magee university college at derry; two john
magees (1750-1809 and 1780-1814), father and son made history by their fearless
journalism in their paper "the dublin evening post."  two others (catholics) the
brothers thomas d'arcy macgee (1825-1868), and james e. macgee (1830-1880)
were associated with the young ireland movement and wrote many patriotic works;
both went to america and the former was shot by one of the fenians whose activities
he had denounced.  three prominent american citizens whose names illustrate various
spellings thereof, vis. william john mcgee (1853-1912), geologist, charles mcclung
mcghee (1828-1907), financier, and christopher lyman magee (1848-1901), politician
and philanthropist, were all of irish extraction.




from "the book of ulster surnames" by robert bell (1988)



magee (also macgee)
taken together these names are among the 100 most common names in ireland and among
the twenty-five most common in ulster.  magee is found mainly in counties antrim, 
armagh and down, and macgee in counties donegal and tyrone.  the names can be of 
scottish or irish origin.  in both countries the gaelic form is mag aoidh, 'son of
hugh'.  with names like magee and magill the mag- form is more common in east
ulster and the mac- from in the west.

islandmagee on the antrim coast was once the seat of the magees, a
prominent irish gaelic sept.  there were also macgees, recorded as
muintear mhaoil ghaoithe, an important ruling sept in medieval tirhorky
in the barony of kilmacrenan.

among from these, the majority of ulster magees or macgees will be of scottish
origin, descendants of settlers who came to the province at the time of the
plantation.  the name is found in scotland as macgee, macghee, and macghie and
was first recorded in dumfries in 1296.  there, and in ayrshire and galloway, the
name is most common.  these were kin to the macdonald machughs or mackees (see
machugh and mackay).

the name magee is most concentrated in antrim around crumlin, and in down in
lecale and on the adjacent upper ards.  macgees and magees in fermanagh are mainly
a branch of the maguires, descendants of aodh, great-grandson of donn carrach
maguire.  in co. cavan magee has become wynne and wynn because of the -gee ending,
which sounds like the gaelic gaoithe, meaning 'of wind'.

...




from the dictionary of irish family names by ida grehan (1997)



mag aoidh means son of hugh.  it can be of scottish or irish origin and today
it is numerous in ulster, particularly spelled magee, with macgee
coming second in popularity.  in the republic, both magee and macgee are equally
common.

their irish lineage descends from colla uais, whose territory bordered donegal
and tyrone.  at lough larne, the peninsula of islandmagee marks their early
ulster territory.  until the arrival of the normans, there was also a macgee
chief of his sept in county westmeath.

there were a number of ulster protestant magee archbishops, one of whom accused
the roman catholic archbishop of armagh of placing a calf's head on the altar of
a chapel in ardee!

in dublin's national library there are letters written by james maighee
describing his activities in 1717 at dunkirk, where he was spying for king james ii.

early in the nineteenth century, a father and son both called john magee
fearlessly exposed political and legal corruption in their newspapers, "magee's
weekly packet" and "dublin evening post."  they suffered frequent court cases
and heavy fines.  john magee the elder was so incensed at the harsh treatment 
meted out to him by the chief justice, lord clonmel, that he organized a
hugely popular pig hunt around clonmel's county dublin home.  the pigs caused
considerabel destruction when they broke into his grounds.  magee was eventually
imprisoned in newgate, but his newspapers did expose many scandals.

martha maria magee (d. 1846), nee stewart, was married to a presbyterian
minister called william magee.  both he and their two sons died prematurely and
she moved to dublin, where her two brothers lived.  they left her a fortune which,
after much legal wrangling, went to the founding of magee college in derry city,
later an important part of the new university of ulster.

thomas d'arcy magee (1825-68) of carlingford in county louth emigrated to
boston, where he became editor of the "boston pilot."  a fervent irish nationalist,
he believed in constitutional rather than violent methods.  however, in ottawa where
he was an mp, he was shot dead by the fenians, of whom he had written very 
critically




from "a genealogical history of irish families with their crests and armorial bearings" by john rooney (1895). 

thanks to cousin james c. mcgee for providing this reference.



the mcgee family crest no. 214, plate 5, 
page 163.




honestum praetulit utili
"he has preferred honesty to advantage"


the mcgee family is descended from milesius, king of spain, through the line
of heremon, eighth son of that monarch.  the founder of the family was
colla meann, son of eocha dubhlien, or doivlen, king of ireland, a.d. 285.
the ancient name was gaid, signifying "father."  the title of the chief of
the sept was prince of orgiel, and the possessions of the clan were located
in the present counties of lietrim, down, and antrim.
in the eastern portion of the latter county the peninsula called
island magee juts out into the ocean.  in this locality the mcgee family
were extremely numerous.  island magee is noted in irish history as the 
scene of one of the bloodiest and most atrocious massacres ever perpetrated by
the english in ireland.  on the 8th of january 1642, monroe, the covenanter,
governor of carricfergus, sallied forth from that town with the scotch
garrison and a number of english "undertakers," and massacred the
entire population of island magee, to the number of three thousand. many 
of these were persons who had taken temporary refuge of the island.

there have been many eminent members of this family within the
current century.  the famous dr. william magee, protestant archbishop
of dublin, was one of the ables intellects of his day, and the
late archbishop magee of york, england, grandson of the former, was
no less distinguished for his eloquence and ability.

two of the name, captain james mcgee and captain bernard
mcgee, served on the sea during the war of the american revolution.
the former was for many years a member of the irish charitable
society of boston, and in 1810 was president of that organization.  the
latter was also a member of that body.

in 1812 a young man of this name who had been a lieutenant 
in the united states service, resigned for the purpose of
joining in the movement of revolutionizing the spanish colonies
bordering the gulf of mexico.  having raised the standard of
independence on the sabine and trinity rivers, in the present state
of texas, he crossed the sabine with about eight hundred men,
one-half of whom were american riflemen, and the rest spanish,
under the command of one bernardo.  mcgee captured nacogdoches,
and afterward la bahia, and with his four hundred americans he withstood
the siege of the spanish forces for three months, meantime
creating so much havoc in their ranks by his sorties that they were finally
comelled to raise the siege and withdraw to san antonio.  at the
close of the siege mcgee died, in the twenty-second year of his age.

thomas d'arcy mcgee, orator, poet, historian, statesman and
journalist, one of the most versatile geniuses that ireland ever
produced, is too well known to the general reader to need more than
a passing mention.  while yet a mere youth he was one of the most
prominent of that brilliant band who led the forty-eight movement in
ireland.  having escaped to the united states, where he remained 
some years, he removed to canada.  he was the original author of the
confederation of the canadian provinces, and was a member of the
cabinet of the new dominion.  he was assassinated by a "crank" in
the forty-third year of his age.  his works, in prose and poetry, are
among the most valuable in modern irish literature.

colonel james e. mcgee, brother of the former, was an officer in
meagher's irish brigade, during the late civil war, and was noted for
his bravery.  during one of the bloodiest engagements of the peninsula
he picked up the irish flag, after three color-bearers had been shot down
in succession, and carried it forward.  he is the author of several 
excellent volumes, chiefly on irish historical subjects.






from 

ireland: history, culture, people by paul brewer (editor), p.342; 

dean's note: this book has nearly as many quality color photos as it
does pages.  i highly recommend this book for anyone interested in a
photo-journey to historic ireland. unbelievably reasonable price!



magee, and its variants mcgee, macgee, etc., come from the gaelic
mac or mag aodha, from aodh (anglicized "hugh"), a very popular
personal name meaning "fire," which also gave rise to a large
number of other surnames, including hays, hughes, mchugh, and
mccoy.  the form "magee" reflects the pronunciation of ulster and
scottish gaelic, with "mag-" most common in the east of the
province, and "mac-" in the west; ulster is the area where the name
is most common by far.  it can be of either scottish or irish origin.
three irish families of the name are recorded: in the area now on
the borders of counties donegal and tyrone, in the territory
around islandmagee on the coast of antrim, and in fermanagh,
where they descend from aodh, great-grandson of donn carrach 
maguire, the first maguire ruler of that region.  the remainder of
the ulster magees are descended from seventeenth-century settlers
from scotland, where the surname is most common in dumfries, in
ayrshire, and in galloway.  in county cavan, mag aodha has also
sometimes, strangely, been anglicized as "wynne," from a mistaken
resemblance to gaoth, "wind".




from 

goireland.com

...
it has been stated that our ulster macgees are of scottish extraction, having come to ireland during the plantation of ulster in the early seventeenth century. there certainly is a numerous scottish family so called, who are akin to the macdonnells and claim descent from colla uais and so an irish origin. there are gaelic irish macgees also. they belong to the country on the borders of counties donegal and tyrone. the name is more usually associated with co. antrim because the large isthmus on the east of lough larne is called island magee and this territory was at one time in the possession of the magees. in early mediaeval times a macgee was chief of a sept in co. westmeath but these were dispersed after the anglo-norman invasion.
...




from 

antrim.net | islandmagee

...
over the generations, immigration has carried islandmagee's progeny to distant parts of the globe.
...
vikings made use of larne lough or "wulfric's fjord". in the late middle ages members of the clan magee moved from the hebrides to the peninsula inspiring the modern name.
...




from 

the dictionary of irish family names

...
their irish lineage descends from colla uais, whose territory bordered
donegal and tyrone.  at lough larne, the peninsula of islandmagee
marks their early ulster territory.  until the arrival of the normans, there
was also a macgee chief of his sept in county westmeath.
...






the m'ghies of balmaghie by norman j. m'kie, m.d.; 
from  

"the gallovidian, an illustrated southern counties quarterly magazine" 
no. 26 - vol. vii, summer, 1905, pp 99-103. 

view images of this gallovidian article (750kb)



from the ninth century, when parishes got their names, and balemakethe, now 
balmaghie, was named after its principal landowner, until the nineteenth, when
the daughters of john m'ghie of castlehill, who was descended from 
balmaghie through airie and airds, parted with the estate, there have been
landowners of the name and clan in galloway.  the name m'ghie is a modification
of what was once a favourite celtic appellation, aodh or aed, sometimes written
eth or heth and latinized into ethus.
...
on the name mackay ... the gaelic form is mac aoidh, son of aodh.
the name aodh is common in the ancient history of the gael, both in scotland
and ireland.  ... therefore aeduus or aeduan means quite the 
same as mackay, the former meaning 'belonging to aedu,' the latter 'son of
aedu.'  the further meaning of aedu-s is also known; the word means 'fire,'
'hearth.'  it appears as such in irish and welsh, and is allied to the
latin aedes (house) aedilis, the roman dean of guild, and the greek aitho
(i kindle).  all this may, of course, be equally said of m'ghie and m'kie.
the celtic aodh is the norse odo and the norman-french hugh.
...
in old galloway documents m'ghie and m'kie are used indiscriminately.
...
i. the m'ghies of balmaghie

the tradition is that the lands and church derived their name from an irish 
chieftain who settled there in early days. 
the earliest historical notice of the
name is in the beginning of the 12th century, when "the church of kirkandrew,
balemakethe," is mentioned by fergus, lord of galloway, to the abbey of
holyrood.
...
the m'eths, who gave their name to the lands and the church, must, therefore
have been settled there in the eleventh century at the latest, but, as 
parishes were formed as early as the ninth century, we may pretty safely
conclude that the m'ghies were there then.  gilmyhel maceth signed the 
ragman roll in 1296; micheal macge submitted to edward iii. in 1339; gilbert
macge is called "lord of balmage" in 1426; in 1460 gilbert m'gy is of balmagy.

this gilbert was succeeded by william m'gee, who gets sasine of slagerre
(slogarie) in 1471.
...
sir george mackenzie gives the coat-of-arms of m'ghie of balmaghie, as "sable,
three leopards' heads erased, argent."  nisbet, in his heraldry, 
says--the name of m'ghie, three leopards' heads, argent.  the principal
family of the name is designed of balmaghie, who makes the heads.
...
ii. the m'ghies of airie and airds
the m'ghies of airie and airds are a branch of the m'ghies of balmaghie, but
it is difficult to point out when the offshoot took place.

in december, 1642, james m'ghie had sasine of the lands of airies and 
culquahassan.  he married, first janet gordon, and, second, anna kennethie.
by the latter he had a son, alexander who succeeded.
...
iii. the m'ghies of castlehill
john m'ghie of castlehill, in the parish of troqueer, married jean, daughter of
the rev. william donaldson, minister of parton, by whom he had six daughters--
mary, isabella, elizabeth, jane, wilhelmina, and ann.
...





on the parish of balmaghie from 

"history of the lands and their owners in galloway, vol. 3" 
by p.h. m'kerlie, 1887, edinburgh, scotland, pages 105-170; 
facsimile with m'kerlie's 
personal annotations published by 
g c book publishers, ltd., wigtown, uk in 1994

[p.105]
the ancient name of this parish was balmakethe.  the church of saint andrew or 
kirkandrew of balmakethe was one of those churches bestowed by fergus, first 
lord of galloway, on holyrood abbey.
...
in 1287, the monks of holryood obtained a confirmation of this church from
henry, bishop of galloway.
...
the subsequent name of the parish is believed to have been given or taken from
the macges, who seem to have obtained the principal lands in the fourteenth
century, as will be seen under balmaghie.  chalmers states that the prefix bal
in gaelic is a dwelling, but he couples it with the m'ghies, which is an error,
as the early name proves.  besides, it is irish, and not gaelic.  in the latter
language the word "baile" is a town, a village, &c.
...[p.106]
in 1606, alexander m'ghie of balmaghie obtained from king james vi. a charter 
of lands in the parish with the advowson of the church.
...
in 1786, with the lands of balmaghie, it passed to thomas gordon.

the size of the parish as it now is, is about nine miles in length, and
varies from about four to six miles in width.

in pont's map it is spelled balmagy.
...[p.107]
the history of the m'ghies is that they were of irish extraction, and
chief of the name settled in galloway.  this is very probable.  on the coast
of antrim there was the isle of maghee, which now is a peninsula of lough
larne.

we have read, however, that m'ghie is a corruption of mackay, which seems
improbable.  in support of this, it is stated that the arms of the m'ghies
are the same as borne by the chief family of the mackays.  this is certainly
a guide in some cases, but that the mackays of sutherlandshire and the m'ghies
of galloway are one and the same, we do not credit.

the first bearing the name found in the district is michael macge, who, as a
landholder, submitted to king edward iii. in 1339.  this servility to the kings
of england has been the means of handing many a name down to posterity which 
otherwise would have been lost.  the ragman roll of edward i. has been
valuable to genealogists, and in the same way those who succumbed to his
successor have had their names also recorded; with this difference, however,
that the first edward was a formidable enemy to scotland, while his son was a 
weak monarch. 

the next m'ghie found is william macge, whom we find styled of balmage. this is
the first mention of balmaghie.  there can, we think be no doubt that he gave
his family name to the parish, and not the latter to them
...
[p.108]
william macge of balmage  appeared in a cause before the lords auditors of 
parliament in 1478, and acquired from james iii., on the 14th august 1484, a
charter of the lands.  it is thus evident that the family was free from
the crushing influence of the church, when exercised wrongly.
...

on the 26th june 1599, robert, brother of alexander glendonying, had retour
of the lands of barnboard.  new charters were obtained by the m'ghies from
james iv. in 1513, and james v. in 1527.  ... in 1586 alexander
m'ghie was in possession. ... in 1606 alexander m'ghie of 
balmaghie ... obtained from james vi. a charter of the lands and barony of
livingstone, and the land of slogarie, with patronage of balmaghie church.
...





on the parish of island magee from

"ordnance survey memoirs of ireland, vol. 10, parishes of county 
antrim iii, 1833, 1835, 1839-40; larne and island magee", 
edited by angelique day and patrick mcwilliams.  
pages 14..105 relate to the parish of island magee.

[p.14]
the peninsula of island magee includes a tract of country 7 and a half miles
in extreme length from south south east to north north west and varying
in breadth from 1 and a quarter to 2 miles.
...[p.20]
there is neither town, village nor gentleman's seat in the parish of island
magee.
...[p.26]
the numerous pagan and ecclesiastical remains in this parish are sufficient
indications of its having in very remote ages not only been inhabited but also
of its having been a place of no little celebrity among 2 very different
races, of whom there are not now remaining any other evidences, the present
inhabitants being almost to a man the descendants of the scottish settlers of
the 17th century and still retaining in their habits, manners, dialect and
religion the striking characteristics of the country of their forefathers.
...
the parish is generally believed to have derived its name of the family or
clan the magees <macgees> to whom it is said to have originally belonged
and by whom it was formerly inhabited.  it is also said that it has from early
ages belonged to that family, and that their extirpation and dispossession
took place on the alleged massacre of the roman catholics on the 8th january
1641.  there are, however, several circumstances and evidences in direct
contradiction of this.
...
the magees therefore have had but a short tenure of the island
...
the stone which was found among the ruins of the very ancient castle of 
portmuch bears an inscription which some interpret as island magee.  this,
however is uncertain.  it is alleged that the parish has not derived its
name from the of the family alluded to, but that its original name was
mac'iagh, signifying a "seagul", a name which, if authentic, would have been
very reasonable from the vast number of gulls which frequent its coasts.

...
tradition states that the parish, from its exposed situation, was subject to
incursions from the danes and from the scots, that it was frequently plundered
by the latter and that the castle of portmuck, now in ruins, was erected in
connection with the defences on the little isle of muck, on its eastern
coast for the protection of its inhabitants.  castle chichester is said to 
have been erected at a subsequent period. a village existed about the latter
castle, and from it there was a considerable export trade to scotland down
to the beginning of the 18th century, until which period the mail packet
for scotland was dispatched from thence.  a small boat conveyed the letters
between belfast and castle chichester.
...
about the middle of the 17th century, this district, which had previously been
church property, was exchanged by the bishop to the chichester family
for the parish of glynn on the opposite coast of larne lough.
...[p.27]
the colonisation of the parish by the scots which had commenced in the 
beginning of the 17th century, had been proceeded by partial settlements of
the english followers of the earl of essex, who landed at carrickfergus in
1578 and possessed themselves of the adjoining parish of templecorran and 
several others which were confirmed to them by the crown.  about the year
1610 several of the scots settled here and their numbers must have rapidly
increased, for in 161[last figure blank] we find the reverend edward bryce
(the first presbyterian minister who preached in ireland and who had settled
in the adjoining parish of templecorran) preaching here on every alternate
sunday.  in 1641 and during 1642 the parish seems to have been finally 
colonised by the scots, many of whom, as the tombstones in the burial grounds
justify, were the ancestors of its present occupiers.
...[p.64]
traditional accounts of the slaughterford bridge incident
under this head will be found the traditional account of the massacre of
island magee, or the massacre of the gobbins, of which so many very 
conflicting contradictory statements have appeared in the different
historical publications, not merely local, but of the entire kingdom, not one
of which is entitled to the least credit, either as to the individuals
by whom or the motive from which the circumstances originated, or as to the 
numbers killed.  in each successive work the number has been augmented.
at first it was stated that 6 individuals fell, a subsequent publication
made it 6 families, consisting of 30 individuals.  these were multiplied
by 10 in a later work, and finally augmented to 3,000, at which the 
humanity of historians has allowed them for the present to remain.  it is
stated by many in the neighborhood that the inhabitants of the parish have
increased the numbers killed in proportion as the accounts given in the
histories alluded to have reached them.  so much so, that though the tradition
and belief formerly was that many individuals fell, it now is that the parish
was depopulated, principally by the numbers put to death, and partly by those
who fled for safety.
...
the little bridge of slaughterford is on the road from carrickfergus to
island magee ... the origin of its name is locally and historically ascribed
to the slaughter of several of the inhabitants of the parish of island magee,
which took place on the evening of sunday 8th january 1642 by some of the
scottish troops quartered in this county, in retaliation, it is said, for
some atrocities committed on their friends and comrades in different parts
of this country during the previous week. ... [insert footnote: "scotch" and
"irish" equal presbyterians and roman catholics].
...
the rebellion which had broken out in october 1641 was accompanied by many 
horrible butcheries of the protestants by the roman catholics, but 
especially those in the parish of billy and in the route, where some 
companies of archibald stuart's (of ballintoy) regiment were put to death,
and finally at clough or oldstone castle, 6 miles from balymena, where the
garrison, after having capitulated, were allowed to march out and then their
wives and children were taken to the banks of the glenravel river and
butchered by toole mchugh o'hara.  the last occurrence took place on the 2nd
january 1642.  it soon reach carrickfergus, then the garrison and place
of refuge for the protestants of the county.  the men of adair's regiment,
being from the neighborhood of the scene and probably having lost some friends,
naturally were exasperated and on the evening or night of sunday 8th, set out
for island magee, determined on revenge.  they first came to the house of owen
magee, who, with 8 of his family, they killed, his son bryan alone escaping.

they then proceeded to the house of daniel magee, the next on their route,
and him, with 9 others, were murdered by them.  several others, from
40 to 50 in all, were slaughtered, and several were brought prisoners to
carrickfergus.  many were put to death in the parish with great inhumanity.
a child was stabbed to death in its mother's arms, and several women fell 
victims to the revenge of the murderers.  one woman who had fled to the
verge of the gobbins before an officer who pursued, seeing no chance of escape,
clasped him in her arms and threw herself with him over the precipitous cliff, 
at the base of which both were dashed to pieces.  this is said to have been
the only inhabitant who fell over the gobbins, though many accounts go so far
as to state that numbers were driven over the gobbins and that the massacres,
having commenced at the slaughterford bridge, was carried on until numbers who
had fled were driven over the cliffs.  an inhabitant named hill, a protestant,
is said to have saved many of the roman catholics by concealing them in a lime
kiln.  of the prisoners brought to carrickfergus, 3 
were put to death by colonel
adair's orders, colonel hill being absent, and several of the others were
punished.
...






on islandmagee, county antrim from

between two revolutions - islandmagee, county antrim 1798-1920,
by donald harman akenson, 1979.

[p.33]
mention of the native population leads to one of the
most vexing questions about islandmagee: when and how 
were the original inhabitants displaced, and who were they?
in the sixteenth century, islandmagee came to be dominated by
the family of magee, who came originally from islay in scotland 
and were retainers and relatives of the macdonald lords of the isles.
precisely whom they displaced is uncertain, although the dating of the magee
influx to the years 1550-70 can be postulated with a reasonable
degree of probability.  to compound the historical uncertainty, these 
hiberno-scottish magees were themselves displaced by british protestants
in a series of transactions that are largely unrecorded.  my own
speculation is that the displacement of the magees began with the
essex patent of 1576 and that it gained momentum with the introduction
of the english relatives of sir moyses hill in the late sixteenth
and early seventeenth centuries.  that the displacement of the
catholic magees soon was recognized as inevitable and irreversible
is indicated by the fact that in july 1620 the catholic first earl of 
antrim granted lands of 280 acres at murloch bay on the north antrim coast
to alexander magee.  then during the irish civil wars of the 1640s, a 
considerable number of the remaining catholics were killed (see pp.139-40).
the evidence of family names makes it clear, however, that a significant
minority of the earlier population remained and that this minority 
converted to protestantism and adopted the cultural norms of the
dominant group.





on the mackays of the rhinns of islay from

"some notes upon the mackays of the rhinns of islay
with reference to the mackays of kintyre, 
the mcghies of galloway, and the irish macgees" by lt. colonel g.r. gayre, m.a., d.sc.; the mead house, gulval, cornwall

from family history library 
microfilm 257806, item 1


introduction

the name mackay, which takes various forms as mcghie, magee,
mackie, and so on, is derived from the old gaelic aodh or aedh, which
means fire.  the common english form of this name is odo.
in northern and western scotland the name takes the form of mackay
or mckay, and in the lowlands mackie and mcghie, and in ireland
magee.

common belief is that the mackays of the north of scotland,
owing allegiance to lord reay, are not related to those of 
argyleshire.  for instance, johnston's little handbook on the
"scottish clans and their tartans" (1) [10th edition, p.57 "mackay"]
states there is no connection between the mackays of clan morgan
owing allegiance to lord reay, whose arms, as it points out, are
based upon those of forbes, to whom they claim a relationship, and
upon which assumption about 1608 they adopted the forbes arms.  while
denying the relationship between the northern and southern families,
johnston's book generally concludes that the mackays of islay and
those of kintyre are of the same origin (2) ["the scottish clans",
op. cit., p.57].

contrary to these generally accepted views, there is now a 
common tendency developing coincident with the growth of clan
societies and unproved, but socially convenient, "relationships"
based on clan names, which is quite the reverse in its conclusions
to those cited.  to-day there is an unmistakeable trend towards
lumping all those of the name mackay and magee into one original
race in ireland, and to consider the mackays and macghies, and, 
presumably mackies, in scotland, as widely scattered branches of the
clan mackay of the north.

as a consequence, it may be resented by some of the followers of
lord reay that the purpose of the present essay is not merely to
dispute but disprove these common assumptions, for which it is
needless to say no evidence has ever been adduced.

the result of these arguments will, no doubt, be to create
difficulties for the officials of the clan mackay society, if anyone
troubles to read and take notice of this essay at all.  for, if they
do, they cannot any longer take the facile line of enrolling all
mackays, mackies and macghies as lord reay's followers in their clan
society!  it will, strictly speaking, be necessary to enquire of all
mackays who wish to join as to which mackays they are.  it is true
that nine out of ten of the name will no doubt be of the great
northern clan mackay.  even so, there will always be doubt where a
proved pedigree cannot be produced.

furthermore, does not this open up a real question long overdue
for ventilation - namely, the acceptance in general belief in
scotland of the surname as evidence of clan affiliation.  we have
seen that there is a prima facie reason for believing that there are
two clan mackays, distinct in race and location, the one of northern
scotland and the other of the south-western highlands and isles.
might not this be so in the case of many other surnames?

that this may be so is even more likely, when we find that besides
the argyleshire and reay mackays, the rev. wm. a. gillies in his
painstaking work (3) ["in famed breadalbane", perth, 1938, p369] points
out that the macnaughtons of loctayside were divided into four
branches - mcvicars, mcintaylors, urchy mcnaughtons and mackays!

...

epilogue

we can now summarize briefly the facts

there are two clan mackays, which, even if of the same
original stock, were not in any way connected during the historic
period when clans played a major role, first in scottish and then
in british history.

besides these two clans, there were one or more individual
families or septs of other clans of this name.

the clan mackay of the north of scotland in sutherland had
a more sharply defined entity, and remained a cohesive whole,
firstly because its geographical location contributed to that end,
and secondly because it was not involved on the losing side in any
major historical war between two opposing forces.

the southern clan mackay in contrast was geographically
based upon the sea which lies between scotland and ireland, and
it soon became distributed around that sea, in islay, kintyre,
galloway, and northern ireland.

in addition, being associated with the overthrow of the
lordship of the isles and the dispossession of the macdonalds,
this tendency to disperse around the scoto-irish sea was
expedited and ultimately enforced in the bitterness of defeat.

because the northern mackays were independent of any
immediate and dominating overlords, they were able to absorb
their own peasantry and dependents within themselves, thereby
swelling the numbers of their own name.

in contrast, the southern mackays, overshadowed by the
lords of the isles, and always fighting in their host, and never
as an independent organization, were not in a position to increase
their numbers in that way, since the plebians would tend to assume
the name macdonald rather than mackay. but, as a consequence of
this, arising from the very weakness of the southern clan mackay,
all those of the name among these southern mackays are actually
mackays of the houses and kin of their chiefs, and not merely
dubbed by the name of the family whose fortunes they followed.

furthermore, not only were the southern mackays a clan
distinct from that of the northern clan, from what has already been
said in this summary, but they were so recognized, as is shown from
quotations in this essay, by the scottish government; and, further
more, they were even recognized latterly as in two clans, those of
kintyre being referred to separately form those in the rhinns of 
islay.

these facts are further emphasized by the mackays of the
south living around the scottish-irish sea having a common coat
of arms of 3 leopard's heads, and traces of other coats
associating them with the lordhsip of the isles.

finally, the crest of the mackays of the south would seem to 
have been a vested arm embowed holding a scimitar, but of what
tinctures it is now hard to say.

the tartan of the southern mackays, as yet, is still
unknown, but often they must have marched with and perhaps even
born that of the macdonalds.

what is its authority i do not know.  but, if of independent
source, it confirms the above pedigree, for where it differs it is
only due to two omissions, or insertions, as the case may be.

in any case, there is, to my knowledge, no more evidence that
the above pedigree is that of the kintyre mackays any more than that
of the mackays of the rhinns of islay, who were, if anythng, a more
important branch.  if, as we conclude most have done in the past,
that they were of common origin, this is their common pedigree.

on the other hand, as already pointed out, there is not a single
point of contact between the pedigrees of those southern mackays and
those of the north, even if we go back to the beginning, which cannot
be later than the 10th century, and perhaps earlier.

any relationship earlier than this is gettng towards the proto-
historic period, and can be discounted from the point of view of
family relationships.

not only is there no relationship between the pedigrees, but the
best that one learned advocate, in private correspondence with the
author can do, to show contact between the mackays of the north
(of strathnaver) and those of the south, is the marriage of donald,
chief of the mackays of the north, who, c. 1300 to 1330, married a
daughter of iye, son of neil of gigha, between islay and kintyre!
this is no evidence, even if it were a marriage with one of the
mackays of islay or kintyre, and not, as it is, with a mcneil!
more than one such marriage, and more comings and goings would be
needed to establish consanguinity, and active knowledge of an belief
in such kinship, between these two wiedely separated breeds of mackays.

another point of some importance is that the pedigree of these 
argyleshire mackays calls them clan aodh (hugh), whereas the
northern, strathnaver, mackays were always called by the gaelic bards
and historians the clan morgan.  this suggests a decided distinctness
of origin from the beginning.










join the mcgee surname dna project with ftdna




dean mcgee
mcgee surname dna project administrator

volunteer - not affiliated with any dna or genealogy related company



last modified: august 20, 2011







