







darlene zschech































































































cart
















0
















        home
      

              about
            

            store
          

            blog
          

        watch
      

            contact
          



























































































cart
















0











homeaboutstoreblogwatchcontact


















scroll






 



  























hello, friends! welcome.  i pray that as you find yourself within the pages of this site that you are forever pointed towards our beautiful saviour, jesus. i am more committed than ever to declare his goodness and greatness with every breath that i have because there truly is no better place to reside than in his presence. be blessed, know that you are loved and together let’s keep loving him and loving those in our world. love darls x 









 

shout to the lord all the earth, let us sing power and majestypraise to the king



















 

australian worship leader darlene zschech unveils her highly anticipated studio album, “testament.” the new release marks the milestone 30-year anniversary of “shout to the lord,” a song that became an anthem for the church worldwide. it is also a stake in the ground to the faithfulness of god, as the title track declares: “my testament is you.” stirred by friends and family, zschech crafted a collection of 25 reimagined legacy songs and five brand-new tracks. from iconic songs such as “cry of the broken” and “victor’s crown,” to fresh offerings like “spirit of the living god” and “yes again,” each song carries a powerful sound that is just as vibrant today. it also features many artists like martin smith, svricina, mitch wong, and michael w. smith among others, as well as various choirs and the australian christian orchestra, creating an expansive and eclectic project filled with the sound of praise, thanksgiving, and rich collaboration. this album embodies zschech’s story and her experience of god’s unfailing love, not only in worship ministry but in each intricate details of her life too.




    listen now
  











watch




    subscribe to youtube channel
  











keep up to date!















































subscribe
stay connected to all that’s happening with new worship music, blogs, tour dates and devotionals from darlene.




email address






subscribe





view the privacy policy at darlenezschech.com/privacy
thank you!













hero banner



welcome



new page



new page



new page



location + social
























































homeprivacy policycontact










