



  







electronics notes: reference site for electronics, radio & wireless 




















































 



 menu



home

electronics

audio and video
basic concepts
circuit design
components
constructional techniques
digital logic & embedded processing
eco engineering
electronic technology & gadgets
test equipment



communications

antennas & propagation
connectivity: wired & wireless
ham radio
radio technology
satellites


transistor data

resources

online training
careers
supplier directory
events


 history



























clear summaries & information about electronics, radio and connectivityfrom electronics engineer, ian poole.





thank you for visiting electronics notes. on the site i aim to provide accessible summaries, and information with a minimum of jargon covering many electronics engineering topics. all the topics are manually written by myself and the aim is to provide useful information that is easy to understand and to include many hints, tips & practical guidance notes using my experience from my many years as an electronics engineer.
electronics notes is written and run by  ian poole  

  


transistor data
i've just launched a new section on the website which provides data for a wide variety of discrete bipolar transistors - this will be expanded considerably over the coming months.   check it out and keep visiting!








understanding oscilloscopes
find out all the key points about the oscilloscope: what they are; oscilloscope types; operation; key controls  . . .

find out more








transistor schmitt trigger circuit design
the schmitt trigger circuit is often used to prevent repeated triggering, especially on slow edges wich may have noise on the, & it is easily implemented as a transistor circuit design.

find out more








how does a transistor work
bipolar transistors form the basis of a huge amount of today's electronics technology - find out how they work and learn about all the technology behind them.

find out more











today's selected videos




what is an op amp?




understanding ceramic capacitor dielectrics




resistance of a filament lamp





latest videos
 





video: did you know that samuel morse lived in london








video: understanding carbon composition resistors




  


my amazon storefront
i've recently been developing an amazon.com storefront to complement the pages on the website. although i gain a commission that helps keep the website going, there is no additional cost to you. check it out regularly as i'm always updating it.   see more  . . . 



   


latest content
 

battery corrosion: the silent enemy of electrical performance: 
        corrosion associated with all forms of batteries can destroy not only the battery, but also the equipment around it, so its important to understand how it occurs, how to precent it, and perform remedial action when it has happened. 
      read more  . . . . . 

 

early effect in bipolar transistors: a 101 overview: 
         the early effect occurs in bipolar transistors and is the variation in the effective width of the base arising from changes in the base-to-collector voltage.
      read more  . . . . . 

 

how to use ferrite rings to cure power line interference: 
       it's often possible to easily reduce or cure issues caused by interference carried along the power lines by using easy to obtain ferrite rings.
      read more  . . . . . 

 

history of blackberry - research in motion, rim: 
       for many years, a little known company called research in motion, rim, lead the field introducing a type of moble phone that would lead to the smartphone of today.
      read more  . . . . . 



   










  


cost effective online training
we've partnered with some top training provides to offer you a great choice of training options wherever you may be.   see more  . . . 



   

what's on electronicsnotes:
there is a huge variety of information on electronicsnotes ranging from the basic concepts through to 5g and more. everything from electronic components, circuit designs, connectivity with everything from wired technologies like ethernet, rs2432 and more to wireless technologies including mobile communications, wi-fi, iot communications as well as radio and rf design antennas, and a host of other topics.
find out all the information you need to know using our easily understood explanations.



antennas & propagation
antenna types, feeders & radio propagation


audio-visual
loudspeakers, microphones, hdmi, scart, & much more


basic concepts
resistance, ohm's law, capacitance to more advanced topics




careers
career advice, interviews, & becoming an engineer


circuit design
circuits and their circuit design methodologies & details


components
electronic components including passive, active & ics, etc




connectivity
all forms of wired & wireless communications


construction & manufacturing
soldering (manual & automated) assembly,esd precautions, etc


eco / green engineering
energy saving, green energy, green electronics





radio & rf
modulation, rf building blocks mixing, hybrids & more


satellites
satellites & satellite technology


test methods
test equipment, technologies & test methods


   




becoming an engineer
electronic engineering can make a great career providing interest, challenges and good prospects read more . . . 





 technology history 
discover some of the stories that detail how the foundations were set in place for today's technology.
we have a large number of pages devoted to pioneers, how technology was invented and developed as well as descriptions of many types of radio receiver, etc, etc.
        read more  . . . . . 


gecophone bc2830 vintage radio
the gecophone bc2830 was a trf radio that was launched in 1927 as the number of broadcast stations started to increase.

find out more








electronics notes aims to provide accessible summaries about a host of electronics, radio and connectivity technologies in a practical and useful way.
 our aim is to support those who want to learn about the technology: those who are established engineers as well as students and hobbyists.
the topics included in the site range from the basic electronics concepts (useful for established engineers as well looking for those equations, formulas etc, including topics like basic electronics concepts, component descriptions and explanations, circuit designs and circuit design principals, manufacturing techniques, radio technology & rf design and wired and wireless connectivity and a host of other topics.
to fund the running of the site, we obviously need to carry advertising, but we aim to make this not too intrusive. we hope you understand, but we need to have income to meet the not inconsiderable running costs.



 




 






new videos & articles are posted on x first. follow us now so you don’t miss out. follow @elecnotes 



follow

   




 















15 february 2025
fact of the day: no fact found for today.
quote: coincidence is god\'s way of remaining anonymous.  albert einstein
point to ponder: the light emitting diode effect was first noticed in 1907 by hj round, while experimenting on cat\'s whisker detectors. he published his results in the electrical review. however it took until the 1960s before leds were commercially available.












 




online courses
    online training courses

     check out our selection of cost effective online training courses from respected providers that will give you an edge in your career
	▶︎ check our  online courses  
  




 quizzly 
take a quick quiz about this page:











events
▶︎ mobile world congress▶︎ apec - applied power electronics conference▶︎ embedded world▶︎ hardware pioneers max▶︎ pcim europe▶︎ dayton hamvention
more events





supplier directory
for everything from distribution to test equipment, components and more, our directory covers it.
	▶︎ check our  supplier directory












 




featured articles
▶︎ capacitors - the different types▶︎ bluetooth speakers: what they are, how they work▶︎ e-readers: which one to buy▶︎ how to buy the best led lights for your home▶︎ smart locks buyers guide


















 











					electronics notes receives a small commission on sales via amazon to pay for running the site and providing free information.
					amazon and the amazon logo are trademarks of amazon.com, inc. or its affiliates.

about electronics notes
advertise
privacy policy
images



					©  electronics-notes.com 


























