




solomon financial mortgage



















solomon financial


office: 949-222-0240

 




home
investment
prequalify
loan cost analysis


the solomon free money hour


free reports
faqs
my home's worth
free loan cost analysis
free prequalify
credit
free gfe review
calculator / tools
home loan process
newsletters
mortgage industry
cash flow or appreciation
real estate investments
shopping around?
glossary
low rate guarantee
testimonials
contact us / profile
our team
partners & resources
webinars
short sale info




































 free loan cost analysis as heard on radio
 what's my home really worth?
seller & homebuyer seminar - free workshop
realtors - free realtor marketing & implementation workshop 
upcoming event august 2nd realtors - realtor marketing workshophow to get your phone ringing – what's the best bang for your advertising buck?
may 16th - 18th event - short sale vs. foreclosure -  which one makes more sense?
 free realtor referral network for qualified buyers and/or updated education events
 recent radio show happenings & on air guests








does it make sense to get a lower rate & pay closing costs - loan cost analysis sample
10 things you should know when you refinance
fred's books
fred's blog
 are you getting the best rates? click here for video
 solomon financial celebrates 19 year newsletter

 fred solomon's blog updates


watch, listen and learn: true no cost loan video

click here for more information on fred solomon's book, put your money where your house is
click here to view our most popular recorded webinar topics.
click here if you'd like to suggest a topic for a future webinar.

book release
fred and lisa solomon have released their book titled, "put your money where your house is."
						this is a must-have guide to homeownership and investing in real estate:
						

our mission statement
solomon financial pledges to serve our clients with honest, up front, ethical information on matters pertaining to mortgage, real estate, investment and real estate finance. we pride ourselves in giving you the best consultation as if we were consulting our own family members. we are here to help you! we are a+ rated on the better business bureau (the highest rating you can get) and celebrating 20+ years. solomon financial has zero complaints with the dre (department of real estate).
the information, options and strategies our consultants and team members provide are based on your individual assessments, your long or short-term goals and your financial portfolio in today's market.
our investment newsletters, tools, workshops, educational classes, seminars, referrals, realtor (r) referral network and mentoring help you 1) locate 2) finance 3) analyze and 4) purchase properties with correct home loan financing options in the top 10 u.s. emerging/appreciating markets. our solomon financial advisors show you how to develop real estate investment strategies that cash flow, that appreciate even in today's real estate market. 
refinancing? we guarantee that our rates, options and analysis are second to none. that is why we stand behind our company match and beat guarantee. we are the original nopointsnoclosingcosts.com company that "reviews good faith estimates for free."
our highly acclaimed radio show, the solomon free money hour with radio host fred solomon can be heard saturdays, 6 to 7pm on kfwb.  formerly on 97.1 free fm, cbs radio, angels am 830.
be our next success story!
why solomon financial?
solomon financial mortgage is a professional agency with experienced and creative agents, loan officers and licensed brokers on staff.
we approach business with solutions to cover your needs. since 1990, our firms' knowledge of the mortgage and real estate business experience supports our ability to create innovative solutions for our clients. whether you are refinancing, lowering your rate, consolidating debt, taking a home equity line of credit or getting rid of pmi: we have a program to suit your needs.




 

ask fred


                      saturday 7-8am                        




 





looking to refinance?
							we pay for title, escrow, apprais...
free loan cost analysis 
							apply online for a free analysis...
our program
							we offer home equity lines of cr..


find a home
							using the mls to find what you...
get pre-approved
							download & fax our online appli...
purchasing recommendations
							before you buy a home, include...

 


our program
						we will provide you with borrowe...
apply online
						fill out our online application, a...
contact our department
						3400 irvine avenue, suite 220...

 

if you help enough people get what they want, you will always have what you want.
zig ziglar


 



all content copyright © 2025 solomon financial
	solomon financial mortgage is licensed to list, sell, purchase or refinance in the state of california under
	frederick solomon, jr. ca dept. of real estate license #01026823 & #01375119.
    nmls# 287271 & 288146 | privacy policy




