

embroidery machines software digitizing editing lettering program












embroidery software
jacquard weaving software
demos
free stuff
support
about us










     
	







home  | 
      contact us  |  faq's |
		简体中文   
      



    








  
 
 



- links -



calhk.com
badgekingdom.com
freeembroiderystuff.com
 






click to subscribe



 

welcome to our website
welcome to capital automation on-line. as the premier software developer for the 
        textile and embroidery industries, capital automation offers the best 
        opportunity to equip yourself with the latest in cad/cam technology. we 
        are committed to provide high quality products as well as professional 
        customer support to our customers. so here in capital automation, 
        satisfaction is always guaranteed.
 announcements

12.23.03 - appointed new 
          worldwide distributor

 new products

seds i-series 7.8 
          



version 7.8 of our popular seds i-series embroidery digitizing 
        software is available now. seds i-series integrates versatile 
        digitizing, editing, lettering, viewing, designs management and many 
        other 
        functions together in a complete package and has been an ideal choice 
        for professional embroiders for many years. version 7.8 has many exciting new features added, 
        such as improved fill stitch and satin stitch generation engines, new 
        cornering options for satin stitches and many more, click
        here to see the 
        complete list. 


stitchtools 3.0 
        


a powerful embroidery lettering (ttf and pre-digitized fonts) 
        software with additional functions such as viewing, editing, designs management, designs conversion, 
        designs processing and more. stitchtools 3.0 is divided into 2 levels, lettering 
        and lettering plus. 
        additional optional features such as onetouch automatic stitch 
        generation and photo stitch can be purchased separately.


digi-image - digital image processing 
          program for vega  



digi-image converts popular image files in true color (bmp, tif, gif) to vega 
        image files, which are ready for punching. the output vega image file 
        has weave table, shuttle meter, weaving structures, selvage and bindings 
        all included and can be used for punching directly. you will be able to 
        create picture-like fabrics with this program in minutes.

 
please feel free to browse our site and 
        visit the free stuff section to download 
        the free designs as a courtesy of us for your visit. we hope you will 
        enjoy them.
we provide working demo versions for free download in the
        demos section, which enables you to test drive 
        our products before you decide to order.
you are welcome to join us as one of our dealers 
        and interested parties please contact us at
        sales@bestcad.com.
if you have questions, please check 
        the faq's section for answers to most commonly 
        asked questions and if you cannot find your answers there please email us at sales@bestcad.com.
 
        please note that all product pricing, configuration, features and availability in this 
          website are subject to change without prior notice. if you have any 
        suggestions regarding our site please submit the
        feedback form to us.











copyright © 2003 
      capital automation co. ltd.  |  feedback  | 
      site map  | 
      email us 






