


best online casinos in canada 2025 | top real money sites reviewed









 

this website uses javascript. it appears that javascript has been disabled in your browser, or your browser does not support javascript. refer to your browser's help files to enable javascript, or contact the webmaster.














 












                       
                    





best online casinos in canada 2025
the top online casino for you will depend on the features that are most important to each player, such as a large selection of slots, great blackjack or roulette games, a lot of live dealer tables, special bonuses, or quick withdrawals. our list of canadian casinos makes it easy to compare important details like bonus information, game types, and payout times. we've also pointed out the top picks in a number of different categories to help you find one that fits your needs.
we've put together a list of the best online casinos in canada that you can visit. get new, special bonuses to play real money games at the best canadian casinos. these bonuses have all been checked out by professionals who work for you.
safety and trust
here is a list of canadian players' favourite casinos that they can trust. we don't just cover your deposit; we also cover any winnings you might lose if the casino turns out to be a scam. you won't be able to find this service anywhere else. we are fully responsible for these casinos, so don't just take our word for it.
since many of the casinos for canadians are run from outside of canada, they are not bound by canadian law. so, it's important to find casinos that are safe and licensed by well-known regulatory bodies such as the kahnawake gaming commission, the malta gaming authority, and egaming curaçao. the best online casinos we list meet these standards by always using strong encryption and safety measures to make sure you can play without any problems.
top 5 canadian online casinos in 2025
as of 2025, there are more than 5,000 online casinos in the world. in ontario alone, there are more than 70 regulated gaming sites. it can be hard to find the right casino, whether you're new to online gambling or just want to try something new. it can be challenging to find the hidden gems when there are so many choices.
we've got you covered, though. our team, which has years of experience in the igaming industry, carefully tests every casino, looking at things like welcome bonuses, mobile apps, game selection, and overall quality to make sure that only the best sites make our list. here are our picks for the five best and most well-known real money casinos in canada right now:
jackpot city casino
this market leader has a great mobile app with five stars and a big welcome bonus. it has more than 60 jackpot slots, including the whole mega moolah series, making it the best real money casino on our list for jackpot slots. licenses from the mga, kga, and agco promise a safe and secure experience so players in ontario can enjoy everything this platform has to offer. join the 3.5 million other players around the world who are having fun at jackpot city casino right now by signing up.
lemon casino
lemon casino is a new way to gamble online. it has over 5,400 games, some of which have jackpots that can change your life. with a low minimum deposit of just $10, high rtp games, free spins on the fortune wheel, and freeroll tournaments, this casino is an excellent place for new players to start. the best part is that lemon casino has 40+ spin gifts slots that let you play certain online casino games for free.
justcasino
justcasino has the most extensive library of games we've seen, with over 11,000 different games. you can get a nice welcome bonus of up to $6,000 plus 500 free spins on each of your first five deposits. the space club loyalty program also gives you extra benefits. players give justcasino a 4/5 rating on trustpilot and say that its fast withdrawals and helpful customer service are outstanding. only because it doesn't have an ontario license does it fall to third place on our list.
spinsy
spinsy is a brand-new online casino in canada that has over 8,000 games, such as jackpot slots and crash games. its design is sleek and easy to use. what makes it different? it has lots of bonuses, like our special welcome bonus that gives you 2,000 cash and 300 free spins. this is a great way to start your adventure off on the right foot. spinsy takes your gaming to the next level by giving you a lot of different games to play quickly and with lots of prizes.
cashed
cashed is our top pick for a real-money online casino. it offers more than 9,500 games, including slots, table games, and progressive jackpots. its vip program is unique, giving canadian players special benefits like cashback, free spins, and higher withdrawal limits. accepted payment methods include interac, debit cards, e-wallets, and cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. even though there isn't a native app, the mobile casino looks great and is great for playing on phones and tablets.
5 reasons to choose our recommended online casinos
want to know why our top-rated casinos are great for canadians who want to gamble online for real money?
high security: your safety is our top priority. each site uses 128-bit ssl encryption to keep your information safe and make sure that transactions are safe. also, games are always fair and honest because rngs are reliable.
unmatched game selection: check out the best canadian online casinos. they have a lot of great games from top providers. there are a lot of different games to choose from, from the newest slots to classics like poker, roulette, and blackjack, as well as exciting live dealer options.
generous bonuses and rewards: the casinos we recommend offer great welcome bonuses and ongoing deals in canadian dollars. regular players can easily meet the playthrough requirements and enjoy both the gameplay and the rewards.
fast, secure payments: you can use trusted and quick payment methods that are popular in canada to get your winnings within hours or days. no more waiting for long processing times.
mobile-optimized play: mobile-friendly casino sites and apps for android and ios let you play games on the go. you can play many games smoothly and even set up tournaments with more than one table on your device.
best online casinos in canada - how to start
joining a real-money online casino to play is simple, but it can feel overwhelming if you’re new to it. signing up usually just requires your name, email, and date of birth. some casinos may also ask you to verify your identity to prevent fraud—this is a good sign that the casino is legitimate. completing this step early will make withdrawals easier later on.
we understand sharing personal and financial information online can feel daunting. that’s why we only recommend trusted casinos that use advanced encryption to protect your data. also, choose casinos with customizable notification settings so you can opt out of marketing emails if needed.
rest assured, registering and playing won’t affect your credit score. however, always play responsibly and stick to your budget to avoid financial strain.
here’s how to sign up quickly and safely:

choose a reputable casino from our top canadian picks. these are highly rated, secure, and offer a variety of games—perfect for beginners.
create an account with your personal details and have your id ready for verification. double-check your info, as most casinos require confirmation before you can deposit funds.
head to the cashier, select your preferred payment method and enter your deposit amount. your funds should be available immediately.
check for welcome offers before depositing and follow the instructions to claim them. always read the terms and conditions first.
browse the casino’s games and pick one. most games offer a demo mode to help you learn how they work before playing with real money.

online gambling laws and regulations in canada
the laws in canada about online gambling are very complicated because they come from both the federal government and the provinces. the criminal code limits most types of gambling at the federal level, but it makes exceptions for operations run by the provinces. different provinces have different rules.
for example, ontario has a fully regulated igaming market that lets private operators work under the watch of the alcohol and gaming commission of ontario (agco). other provinces, on the other hand, either have government agencies that handle real money online gambling or don't have any specific rules.
it's not illegal for canadians to use internationally licensed platforms. still, it is important to choose trustworthy sites to protect players from issues like responsible gambling, data privacy, and unfair gaming.
licensing and legislation body
the malta gaming authority (mga), similar to the canadian gambling association, licenses most online casinos on our list. if not licensed by the mga, casinos are often regulated by authorities like gibraltar, alderney, the isle of man, or the uk gambling commission.
in canada, the mga oversees activities like bingo, slots, casino games, and arcades. its strict licensing standards are a global benchmark. many countries use the mga as a model when updating or legalizing gambling laws.
features of casino licensing
these are some of the things that licensing bodies will monitor to ensure that players are safer when they play at online casinos.


age verification: in canada, you have to be 18 or older to play online casino games. in quebec, you have to be 19. online casinos have to check ids, and licensors will see how well they do this.

data handling: people should never get their hands on your name, address, phone number, email address, and other personal information. a website couldn't give this information to anyone else without your permission.

financial safety: aside from the safety of your personal information, you will also want to know that the money you deposit at an online casino is safe. to make sure of this, licensing bodies check that each site handles money in the safest ways possible. 

game payouts: at an online casino, every player should have an equal chance to win. one important way to make this happen is for the games to be fair. for sure, licensing firms will check each game's rng to see if this is true.

latest online casino updates for canadian players
here are some of the most important facts about the canadian online casino business. let's see what's going on!
ontario’s market liberalization: ontario ended the ontario lottery and gaming corporation's monopoly by letting private operators into its market. at the moment, there are more than 40 active operators and close to 80 gambling sites in the province.
market growth: on average, the canadian market for online gambling will grow at a rate of about 15% per year from 2023 to 2027.
increased player engagement: because of the covid-19 pandemic, gambling online has risen in canada. now, about 19.3% of adults gamble online, up from 16.6% in 2019.
crypto adoption: more real money online casinos in canada are accepting cryptocurrencies as payment methods. this is in line with a worldwide trend of more online casinos using cryptocurrencies.
top online casino bonuses and offers
online casinos provide a variety of enticing bonuses to attract new players and keep loyal ones returning. if you're looking to play at canadian casinos, here are some of the top casino bonuses available:
match deposit bonus
the match deposit bonus is a popular reward for new players at canadian online casinos. the casino matches your first deposit up to a set limit.
the most popular bonus is 100%, meaning the casino doubles your deposit. so, if you deposit $100, you get $100 extra. these bonuses have a maximum limit, usually ranging from a few hundred to several thousand dollars. this bonus is a great way to boost your bankroll and enhance your online gaming experience.
free spins
free spins are a great way to enjoy the casino's video slots, letting you play multiple rounds without spending your own money. they’re often offered as a welcome bonus or as part of ongoing promotions. typically, free spins are limited to specific games—for example, you might receive 50 free spins on the popular book of dead.
it’s important to note that each spin comes with a fixed value. additionally, before you can withdraw any winnings earned from free spins, you’ll need to fulfill the wagering requirements.
no deposit bonus
when you sign up and verify your account at an online casino, you may receive a $0 no-deposit bonus—though these offers are relatively rare. a no-deposit bonus allows you to explore the casino risk-free, but it often comes with significant limitations.
high wagering requirements and strict maximum win caps typically reduce its overall value. most casinos offer either a small cash bonus, usually up to $50, or a handful of free spins to test out their featured video slots.
cashback bonus
many canadian online casinos offer cashback bonuses to help offset player losses. for example, you might get a 10% cashback bonus weekly at the live casino. if you lose money, 10% of your losses are returned as bonus credits. to withdraw these credits, you’ll usually need to meet the casino’s wagering requirements.
online casino payment methods available in canada
that's great news if you want to use canada casino payment options: all of the online casinos we recommend here accept a lot of common canadian banking methods. there are best online casinos canada that accept common payment methods. we'll go over all of the most common ones below.

interac: a lot of people use this canadian payment method because it connects directly to canadian bank accounts. interac is a popular choice for many local players because it allows transfers to happen instantly and is very safe.
visa: visa has strong protection policies that make it a safe choice for online casino transactions. for example, the zero-liability policy makes sure that users are not held responsible for charges they didn't make.
mastercard: almost all online casinos with real money accept mastercard. the securecode feature makes the system even safer by needing a private code to approve a transaction.
paypal: the"one touch" feature lets you check out quickly without sacrificing security. this is why many canadians who play at online casinos choose paypal. people all over the world use paypal, and there are hundreds of millions of active users.
skrill: skrill lets you deposit and withdraw money right away, and its vip program offers perks like lower fees and support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
neteller: their net+ prepaid mastercard lets users access their balance to make purchases or cash withdrawals. this makes it easy for players to get their winnings.
play+: play+ gives each player a personalized prepaid card that is linked to their casino account. this way, players don't have to use bank transfers. because it's so convenient, more and more of the big online casino sites in canada are starting to use it.
flexepin: flexepin's prepaid vouchers add an extra level of security and privacy. when people deposit money at the best online casinos that accept flexepin, they can do so instantly and anonymously.
bitcoin: bitcoin is becoming more popular because it is safe and easy to use. as the value of the world's biggest cryptocurrency keeps going up, more and more trusted online casino sites are starting to accept it.
ethereum: ethereum is different from other cryptocurrencies because it has smart contracts. because ethereum is becoming more popular and has its own features, online casinos have started to accept it.

popular online casino games and features
canadian online casinos boast an impressive selection of games, offering something for every player. whether you prefer slots, blackjack, or roulette, you'll find real money games tailored to your playing style, budget, and betting preferences.
online slots
there are a lot of popular online slots in canada, such as buffalo trail, book of ra, and 777 deluxe. a lot of slots also have fun extras like free spins and cascading reels in games like gonzo's quest and immortal romance. rates of rtp (return to player) change from game to game. there is a 96% rtp on age of gods and a 99% rtp on book of 99. jackpots are often the reason for this difference. the jackpot in age of gods is especially popular, and it hits every 27 days on average.
blackjack
canadians love blackjack because it's easy to play and has good odds. live dealer blackjack and rng blackjack are both available on sites like jackpotcity. popular variations of blackjack include blackjack surrender, european blackjack, and atlantic city blackjack. to improve your chances, try these variations and learn how to play them before you start.
roulette
european, american, french, and mini roulette are some of the most popular types of roulette in canada. it's important to note, though, that american roulette has a higher house edge because the wheel has an extra zero. roulette is a fun game of chance and luck, but it's important to keep your bankroll steady if you want to play responsibly.
live casino
it is just as fun and easy to play live casino games online as it is to go to a real casino. there are a lot of live dealer games from well-known providers like evolution gaming at the best online casinos. you can play classic table games and talk to real-time professional dealers in these games, which combine the ease of playing with the real feel of a casino.
poker
find out how to play deuces wild, triple play, double double bonus, and other fun types of poker at the best real money casinos in ca. it's easy to find and enjoy classic games like texas hold'em, 5-card draw, and pai gow. top sites let you play video poker in a way that suits your style, whether you want to play for fun or for real money.
best canadian casinos: reviews and ratings
we've looked at a lot of different online sportsbooks and casinos, pointing out their pros and cons and going over all of their important features. our unbiased reviews give you the information you need to make wise choices, knowing that finding the right gambling platform is key to having a fun time gambling.
our writers are a mix of sports reporters and betting experts with years of casino experience working in and around and writing about gambling. they know what to look for when reviewing casinos and sportsbooks because they have done it for decades and have developed a sharp eye.
not only do we have detailed reviews, but our platform is also a great place to find live odds, news, daily sports picks, online gambling bonuses and promotions, and more.
we always check reviews and ratings written by people who work for the casino and get rid of them if they seem like they need to be more accurate. each casino has an honest rating based on what other players have said about it. this service does more than just rate and review casinos; it also connects players with casinos. you can ask questions about any casino on its review page and get answers from the casino itself, our site, or other site users.
how we test real money online casino sites
when choosing a safe and legit online casino, we consider the following factors:
security
an outside group has confirmed that the casino games are fair and that the payout percentages are in line with industry norms. check for ecogra certifications, for example. this company checks casinos for fairness, player safety, and responsible gambling. also, itech labs checks games to make sure they use certified random number generators (rngs).
licensing
people in canada who want to gamble can be sure that the platform they choose has the right licenses from reputable groups. we check licenses from reputable organizations such as the kahnawake gaming commission, the malta gaming authority (mga), and the curaçao egaming licensing authority. these groups make casinos follow strict rules about fair play, responsible gaming, and keeping money safe.
welcome bonuses
it's easy to see where the real value is when you compare bonuses. the jackpot city welcome bonus gives you four 100% deposit matches up to $1,800. this is great, but you have to wager the bonus money 70 times, which can be tough for some players. we've included these things in our rating so that you can make the best choice. if you get a welcome bonus, you might also get free spins. keep in mind that you will need to wager these as well.
other promotions
spin casino has a high-value welcome bonus and eight other promotions. you will likely win some cash because the rules are clear and easy to understand. web pages like justcasino, on the other hand, only have a few ongoing promotions. there are also vip programs at some online casinos. for example, jackpot city gives out rewards every day. some sites go the extra mile to help you win as much money as possible.
games variety
canadian game rooms have as many as 3,000 games, so there is a lot of competition. we rate them by how good they are, how many there are, and how often they pay out. justcasino has more than 8,000 games, and cashed casino has more than 6,000. cashed, on the other hand, has a higher win rate than justcasino (98.67%), so we rate it higher. in addition to slots, jackpot slots, and progressive jackpot games, we would like to see more than 100 table games.
mobile experience
the best casinos on our list have apps for both ios and android that have high ratings from players in the app stores. also, the casino site and app should work together smoothly, and at least 95% of the games in the casino should be available on both. cashed casino doesn't have an app, but the mobile web version of the site is great. all of the canadian casinos we've tested let you play on your phone. the casino app may take up a lot of space, so we like the mobile web version better.
payment methods
we'll give a casino a high rating if it lets you deposit and withdraw money using 10 or more common canadian banking methods. we'd expect these casinos to process transactions as quickly as possible. there are low minimum withdrawal fees at some of our favourite online casinos. these fees are usually $10 or less, and sometimes they are even free. there are some payment methods that can't get bonuses, but interac is usually one of them.
withdrawal rules
for each accepted payment method, the operator should make the minimum and maximum withdrawal amounts clear. when we rate canadian casinos, we also look at how quickly they pay out. most of the time, the best online casinos in canada can process withdrawals within 24 to 48 hours, but this can change depending on the method you choose. on the casino's website, look for clear information about how long it takes to process withdrawals and whether there are any fees.
transparent terms and conditions
too often, players don't read the terms and conditions (t&cs) that come with bonuses, which means they use their extra money in ways they didn't mean to. it's essential to read the fine print before you use your bonus. trustworthy online casinos make sure that their terms and conditions are clear and easy to find on their websites. before you claim a bonus, talk to customer service if you need help understanding anything in the terms and conditions.
customer service
an online casino striving for top-notch service should offer 24/7 customer support through both live chat and a phone line directly on its website. prompt response times are crucial—live chat inquiries should ideally be addressed within 30 minutes, while email responses should arrive within a few hours. above all, solutions should be clear, transparent, and focused on resolving the issue effectively.
responsible gambling
we care about responsible gambling. the first step to regaining control of gambling-related problems is often to talk to a counsellor. this is also the best way to find a long-term solution.
gamblers can get free help and resources for treatment, such as counselling. you or someone close to you can get help from gambling helplines that are open 24 hours a day across canada.
there are many legal online casinos in canada that let players set their own account limits and restrictions. players can often limit their deposits or put themselves on a list of people who can't play. also, there are many websites that offer advice, helpful information, and practical help.
our expert recommendations for canadian casino players
choose your strategy: you should set a budget every time you play at an online casino. but you should use a game system if you want to be in charge of how you play. a lot of people like to use the martingale system, but there are others.
try casino games in free play mode: you can play the game in free play mode if you want to try out one of those strategies or get better at playing in general. you can also use this method to check if a game is worth the money without having to spend any money.
read the bonus terms: there are times when bonuses are fun, but only if the rules are fair. read the rules of any bonus you're thinking about before you sign up for it. read the site's rules for each online casino you want to join as well.
make the most of welcome bonuses: one big advantage of online casinos over land-based casinos is that new players can get free spins and funds matched when they make their first deposit. it's a great idea to sign up for at least a few of our top picks because they all offer great welcome bonuses.
play responsibly at all times: keep yourself safe when you gamble online. that's the most important thing we can say. keep track of how much time and money you spend on each session of online gambling. tools for responsible gambling can help you do that.
faq
are online casinos legal in canada?
it is legal for canadians to play at an online casino as long as the casino is not located in canada. when you think about how the laws in each province and territory in canada are different, the situation gets a little trickier. the rules for gambling in canada are different in each province, so it's important to learn about them before you play.
how do online casinos work?
there are a lot of games to choose from at online casinos, and many of them are based on classic table games played in real life. you can play slots, table games, lotteries, bet on sports, and more at a regular online casino. the games are fair and random, and the odds are about the same as they would be in a real casino. people can play for real money and try to win big prizes, or they can play for free. if you want to learn more about how safe online casinos work, check out our guides.
who regulates canadian casino sites?
many different organizations monitor the online gambling business. key to regulating the gambling industry are the places where it is located. these are places where gambling and internet gambling are legal because their governments have passed laws that allow them. panama, malta, costa rica, and the isle of man are some of the most well-known and respected places to gamble.
which currencies can i use at online gambling sites?
top online casinos available in canada accept various currencies, including canadian dollars (cad), us dollars (usd), and euros (eur). some even accept cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. however, exchange rates and potential fees depend on the casino’s policy and your payment method. it’s best to check with the specific casino for details.
are online casino games rigged?
not at all. online casinos that follow the law keep the results of their games the same. as long as you play at a licensed and regulated casino, your wins and losses are random. as we already said, casinos depend on their reputation to work. so, fixing the games can be dirty and lead to them losing their license. among other things, the best online casinos use random number generator (rng) technology. remember that playing fairly doesn't mean you'll win, and losing only sometimes means the game is fixed. in the end, every casino game is a game of chance.
do i have to pay tax on my casino winnings in canada?
in most cases, no. when canadians win money at games like slots, horse racing, or lotteries, they usually don't have to pay taxes on it. there are some exceptions, though, and they depend on the province where you play and how much money you are making.















core programs | learning resources | spatial resources | spatial tools | search engines | csiss events | community center | about csiss
alberta casinos | interac casinos | mobile casinos in canada | site map | contact csiss | plug-ins | privacy policy | site credits | home

                    copyright © 2001- echo date("y"); ?>
                     by regents of university of california, santa barbara












