








home - legacy sports international – the most trusted name in the shooting industry



























































































































































 










skip to content

















  


search for:








homecompanyabout uslsi historyhowa historybrandshowahowa informationhowa productsbrownellsrandy newbergcitadelscsa – taipan xpointerscott lindenpumanikko stirlingaccessoriesshopfaqcontact2025 catalogmy account 












loading...


































hera h7 series 



 japanese precision meets german engineering  












side by side 



 find out more about the citadel side by side here!  












official citadel website 



live now 












official pointer website 



live now 












magazine editorials 



featured in 'guns & ammo,' 'firearms news' and more... 


view here 











quality magkits 



find them all  here  












elevate precision 



increased precision. increased accuracy. 
















homemcabangon2025-01-24t11:52:48-08:00 
legacy sports international does not sell firearms or serialized items to the general public.
please contact your local dealer or ffl for purchasing inquiries.
find a dealer here view your territory managersquality & innovation
at legacy sports international, we create custom innovation for the everyday shooter!
 the taipan x – perfect option for restrictive states!
scsa is proud to present their new tactical-style centerfire pump action rifle, the taipan x.
coming out soon in the.300 blackout, the taipan x is an exciting evolution within the taipan rifle series by scsa. this groundbreaking firearm combines the versatility of a spring-assist pump-action and the precision of a straight-pull bolt-action rifle into one exceptional package.
available in multiple cerakote colors including black, dark gray, fde and burnt bronze!
designed and made in australia
check out the 60 second review about scsa’s taipan x
uncompromised design
over 60 years of accumulated engineering and experience, howa has developed quality firearms with superior quality.
the howa 1500 barreled actions are legendary for precision for perfection. from their cold hammer forged, lightweight, durable and remarkably accurate barrels with consistent bores and incredibly smooth surface.
backed up with the legacy sports international lifetime warranty offered to original purchased who have registered their firearm with legacy sports (firearms need to be registered within 30 days of purchase), sub-moa guarantee for howa m1500 rifles, and 2-stage h.a.c.t. trigger.
register your firearm here.
explore howafortified by trust
an excellent choice for home defense: quick and reliable.
citadel’s firearms are engineered to bring peace of mind by combining modern design with ease of use.
explore citadeldurable reliable & affordable.
pointers are built with performance and dependability in mind. over the years, pointer has proven to be the perfect choice for any hunter and has set the standard for what a good shotgun should be.
“a work of art at a price that’s a thing of beauty.”
explore pointerengineering innovation
designed for success. since 1956, nikko has provided quality scopes for enthusiast ranging from serious hunters to other areas in the firearm industry. over 60 years of innovation and specialization has set nikko apart from its competitors.
explore nikko stirlingconservation groups
as tremendous stewards of hunter education, habitat restoration, and the future of the shooting sports, we encourage you to join us in supporting our partner conservation groups.
our partners
“here is your country. cherish these natural wonders, cherish the natural resources, cherish the history and romance as a sacred heritage, for your children and your children’s children. do not let selfish men or greedy interests skin your country of its beauty, its riches or its romance.”

theodore roosevelt







close product quick view×


title
















 
 





contact us today 4674 aircenter circle
reno, nv 89502
toll free: 1-800-553-4229
direct: 1-775-828-0555
fax: 1-775-828-0565

 

our brands 
howa
pointer
citadel
nikko stirling
accessories


 

resources 
faq
videos
magazine features
catalog request
2024 catalog
product manuals
safety information
firearm registration
our warranties
warranty, service & repairs
find dealer
press release/news


 

support 
contact information
careers
lsi lifetime warranty
howa sub-moa guarantee
howa terms & conditions
terms of service
terms & conditions
privacy policy


 

 
 
 





		© copyright -    |   legacy sports international, inc.   |   all rights reserved	


facebookinstagramyoutube
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link


 


 
























































































































go to top




