






mitsubishi electric research laboratories



































































   




 applied physics from first-principles modeling to device designs. learn more   




 artificial intelligence making machines smarter for improved safety, efficiency and comfort. learn more   




 communications wireless and optical communications. learn more   




 computational sensing utilizing computation to improve sensing capabilities. learn more   




 computer vision extracting meaning and building representations of visual objects and events in the world. learn more   




 control if it moves, we control it. learn more   




 data analytics learning from data for optimal decisions. learn more   




 dynamical systems exploiting nonlinearity and shaping dynamics in creative and deeply mathematical ways. learn more   




 electric systems modeling & optimization of power systems and electromagnetic machines.  learn more   




 electronic and photonic devices pursuing theoretical and experimental research for next generation devices.  learn more   




 machine learning data-driven approaches to design intelligent algorithms. learn more   




 multi-physical modeling optimal design & robust control through multi-physical modeling. learn more   




 optimization efficient solutions to large-scale problems. learn more   




 robotics where hardware, software and machine intelligence come together. learn more   




 signal processing acquisition and processing of information. learn more   




 speech & audio audio source separation, recognition, and understanding. learn more      


 welcome to merl


mitsubishi electric research laboratories (merl) is mitsubishi electric corporation's north american research organization.

 

set your own path - merl culture & mission



            merl does application-motivated basic and applied research and advanced development 
            in physical simulation & modeling, optimization, control, signal processing and artificial intelligence.  
            we are an open lab, publishing our results, collaborating with the world-wide research community, 
            and measuring our performance by the impact we have on mitsubishi electric and the world.
             learn more about merl



   featured research   mmwave beam-snr fingerprinting (mmbsf): mmwave beam-snr fingerprinting (mmbsf) for precise indoor localization using commercial-off-the-shelf (cots) routers.




we describe our in-house dataset and an approach of fingerprinting-based indoor localization using cots mmwave wifi routers compliant with the ieee802.11ad standards. [learn more]  researchers:  pu (perry) wang toshiaki koike-akino philip v. orlik learn more about merl research  merl seminar series  talk  [merl seminar series 2024] di shi presents talk titled ai-assisted power grid dispatch and control: optimization, safety, and real-world demonstrationsdate of talk: wednesday, nov 20, 2024 speaker: di shi, new mexico state university   this presentation delves into the challenges and advancements in optimizing power system operations through grid mind, an innovative, data-driven framework designed to enhance the integration of renewable energy sources. utilizing advanced learning . . . [read more]   talk  [merl seminar series 2024] samuel clarke presents talk titled audio for object and spatial awarenessdate of talk: wednesday, oct 30, 2024 speaker: samuel clarke, stanford university acoustic perception is invaluable to humans and robots in understanding objects and events in their environments. these sounds are dependent on properties of the source, the environment, and the receiver. many humans possess remarkable intuition . . . [read more] learn more about merl seminar series  news & events   news  merl researchers present 7 papers at cdc 2024released: dec 26, 2024 merl researchers presented 7 papers at the recently concluded conference on decision and control (cdc) 2024 in milan, italy. the papers covered a wide range of topics including safety shielding for stochastic model predictive control, reinforcement . . . [read more]   award  merl wins awards at neurips llm privacy challengereleased: dec 17, 2024  the mitsubishi electric privacy enhancing technologies (mel-pets) team, consisting of a collaboration of merl and mitsubishi electric researchers, won awards at the neurips 2024 large language model (llm) privacy challenge. in the blue team track of . . . [read more]   news  merl researchers to present 2 conference and 11 workshop papers at neurips 2024released: dec 5, 2024  merl researchers will attend and present the following papers at the 2024 advances in neural processing systems (neurips) conference and workshops.

1. "retr: multi-view radar detection transformer for indoor perception" by ryoma . . . [read more] see all news & events   follow merl news & events   


join us!






internship openings
year-round openings for graduate students interned in a research internship.
 view internship openings (49)





employment openings
we are always on the lookout for exceptional scientists and engineers to join merl.
 view employment openings (7)






postdoctoral research fellow
unique opportunity for early career scientists to pursue their own research agenda.
 learn more





visiting faculty
university faculty members are invited to spend part or all of their sabbaticals at merl.
 learn more






















