







words in a row commercial website development | seo















































              request a
        
        free consultation
    


 call us
        541-655-0285












home (current)



                    website development
                

developing a commercial website

picking a domain name
database driven websites
provide an enjoyable user experience
what customers want to see before they buy
give something away
graphic artists
websites should sell
why xml sitemaps?




                    seo
                

seo basics

glossary of seo & marketing terms
getting into google
keyword research
neglected seo
is seo really necessary?
getting backlinks
how to silo




                    tools
                

tools and recommendations

seo glossary
search engine registration
blog glossary
directory registration
domain registration
recommended books
opt-in email lists
allies & recommended sites




                    archives
                

archives

about.com
altavista
aol
blog languages
blog ping list
blog registration
dmoz / odp
enhance interactive
ezines & newsgroups
frames
front sight
galaxy
phishing alert
inktomi
looksmart
lycos
mamma.com
overture
ancient seo table trick
teoma
virtual includes
directory registrations
don't spam wikipedia
yahoo! directory




                    marketing basics
                

marketing 101

a website is an advertisement
affiliate marketing programs
defending against click fraud
collecting email addresses
google
intro to online marketing
sales analysis
google ads
pay per clickthrough
using optin email lists
don't spam google
what not to do




                    about us
                

about us

how to contact us
what our clients say
our privacy policy
pay an invoice
our sitemap








home







an oil painting by matisse of the commercial website development process, generated by dall-e.




commercial website development

what we mean by "commercial website development:"
for the past 25 years we have built (and optimized) complex business websites that display products, services and offerings
                such as real estate listings, tickets available for events, catalogs of artwork for sale, and professional photographers displaying their wares online.
            we routinely get great placement for our clients in google's search results.
we help our clients to create databases of their offerings, then pull information back out of those databases to make
                web pages that rank well at google for whatever the product or service is. we help our clients by creating unique shopping carts
                and online systems to sell and keep track of their inventory and update the info displayed in their website automatically.
                as their businesses have grown, we've helped our clients expand their websites to keep up with their growth in services and the expansion
                of their product lines and service areas.
technically, we are "full stack" lamp
                website developers: we create websites using javascript, linux, apache, mysqli, and the php programming language.
                typically we use the bootstrap platform, ajax and javascript and a lot of plain old html to make business websites. we have the expertise to make
                 websites that can keep track of thousands of products while selling them through a custom shopping cart. we are an especially good fit for realtors
                looking to compete against zillow and redfin. to see some of our work, go to our references page
what should your website do for you?
first ask, "what should your website do for your visitors?"  how does it help them?  in 2022 google announced a "helpful content" update. if your website doesn't help people, it will not rank as well at google.
only then, ask what you are trying to accomplish through your website? while a commercial website always has several purposes, the main thrust
               must be to sell your product or service. to put it bluntly, "to make you money." you do this by helping people, either with products that actually help them, or services that truly help. so:

first, your website must be an  effective advertisement
                   for your products or services. we can help you make your website into an effective advertisement.


  what makes an effective advertisement?
                  


second, your website should give your visitors enough
                  information about your company so they feel confident about buying from you.
                   you should provide the kind of info that used to be found in corporate brochures,
                  fact sheets, testimonials and so on. decades ago, we called such things
                   "sales aids"—now those simply need to be part of your website. we can help you
                  better inform your customers about who you are and what you're selling, without all the corporate double-speak
                   and marketing buzzwords.
               
third, your website ought to further your public relations
                  message to the general public about the kind of company you are and the good
                   things you are accomplishing. we can help you build the right pr messages into your site.
               

your website probably doesn't need re-branding, a new logo, or the latest sliding image animations
               to accomplish those goals. what can seem like a great idea to a website designer
               is not always best for the company the website represents! 
for tons of practical advice on how you can accomplish your goal of making
               more money from your website (and how we might help you) see our
               how to design a commercial website page.
               or contact us to develop your business website from scratch
               or to make your existing site actually achieve the results it should get by doing what it
               should have been doing all along.





in only seo were this simple....



search engine optimization
we started "optimizing" websites so they'd rank well in the  search engines back in 1998, several years
                before that process acquired the name "search engine optimization" or "seo".
                we ensured there was sufficient relevant content, that the behind-the-scenes
                technical points were in place to allow the site to be indexed, and that the pages had "on-page" factors in place.
this was well before the rise of google, if you can remember such a world.
                 there were nearly a hundred different search engines back then.
             
the reason we learned to write html code, javascript, and how to program web pages in php was that we
               needed to bypass various webmasters who were not technically skilled enough to
               implement the seo techniques we had learned and which we knew worked.
                in other words, we were forced to learn to write code in order to change our clients'
                websites so they would rank well. now, when we build large, data-driven websites
                from scratch, we build the technical seo into the bones of the site, and
                 create the needed on-page seo within every page.


   we do seo right!
                 


consulting
need an analysis of why your website isn't selling? 


  why ???
                










celebrating 25 years of creating an island ofstability in the sea of online confusion
copyright © 1997-2025 words in a row - all rights reserved.


