



















paper plane designs - alex's paper airplanes - the best paper planes






































alex's paper airplanes – the best paper planes






paper plane designs

paperairplanes.co.uk has been running since the 90s offering easy to use paper airplane designs as both written instructions (with images) and videos to use since the 1990s. at one point this was the largest paper airplanes site on the web, i published a book about paper airplanes and sold 150,000 copies! the paper airplane video instructions have been viewed over 9million times and generally found useful. i hope you enjoy the instructions below. my favorite planes are:

nick’s plane
the swallow
the blimp

give them a go or try any of the planes below!
alex
swallow paper airplane
this is a paper airplane my father was making when he was a small boy and the design has stood the test of time it works very well. it is a really fun shape!
paper rocket
you’re right this is not a paper airplane either but is supremely simple to make and has some very interesting science behind it. this was shown to me by a cambridge (uk) physics lecturer so must be a great paper airplane (kinda).
the rapier
i love this plane (i did design it but i can brag can’t i?) it flies like a glider but has the elegant shape and great precision of a dart. this plane is the best of both worlds and is so easy to make it must be the best plane on the site!
paper helicopter
ok! so it isn’t a plane but it is a good model and when simply dropped it will stay aloft for ages and spiral down excellently.
paper rocket
you’re right this is not a paper airplane either but is supremely simple to make and has some very interesting science behind it. this was shown to me by a cambridge (uk) physics lecturer so must be a great paper airplane (kinda).
flying fish
one difficult fold in the whole of this plane. it is a unique design (i think) a bit weird but really flies well in a straight line as a glider. it will stomach a bit of poor folding too so a good one to try if some of the other designs don’t fly well for you.
paper frisbee
this is great fun and best made out of small squares of paper maybe 15cm by 15cm (6″ by 6″) and thrown like a normal frisbee it will fly quite well especially indoors.
nick’s paper airplane
this paper airplane is a superb glider it is very well balanced indeed even when made by the most inexperienced child. it can be quickly made from a sheet of a4 paper and i really like it. i drew this page up and placed it on the internet within a day of learning to make this paper airplane.
origami paper airplane 3
this is a really easy to make paper airplane that you will love flying again and again. the blunt nose makes it really easy to reuse as it does not easily get damaged. it is another classic design that has been around for many years and i really like it.
blimp/zeppelin
this isn’t really a plane but is a great little paper airship it looks good and it works great!
second origami plane
to my knowledge this plane is japanese in origin and it is a fantastic flier you will love it. play around with it add stabilisers and flaps, it can be a good stunt plane too.
the classic dart
this paper airplane is designed for bored people in offices, lectures and classrooms the world over. 7 folds and throw, there isn’t a difficult part in making this plane. i must dedicate it to peter batey who received my email for a few weeks and sent me this design.
dmitri’s paper airplane
a simple paper airplane design and indeed a real classic. this plane is slightly more complex than the classic dart above but flies further and is more accurate. this design was sent to me by dmitri through email and so i dedicate it to him on this site.
floating paper airplane
this paper airplane is really very good. with its wide wing span and the stabilising winglets at the end of wings it is very stable and flies very far.
dragon plane
this is my own design of paper airplane. if you make the wings completely level and throw it hard overarm it will fly fast and level indoors for 30 meters or more and it is quite good outside too. so try it out.
the edmonton shadow
i designed this plane about 3hrs out of heathrow in an airliner on the way to calgary canada. it is a really fun plane and i am really pleased with it i hope you like it too.
trapezium paper airplane
this paper airplane is all wing with a heavy nose. the structure of the nose is quite unusual but very effective. even if thrown as hard as possible at a wall it will be undamaged. the last time i saw the first one of these i made it was flying towards the severn estuary from the top of a tall tower in bristol.
nose heavy plane
i think this plane is great and it flies equally as well as the floating paper airplane. i think this is a great plane!
napkin paper airplane
this is a simple design to make but in order for it to fly properly you must practice and that is why it is of medium difficulty. this unusual plane is one of a family of designs and hopefully i will bring you more tubular paper airplanes in the future.
cobra paper airplane
this is another of my designs. i am really proud of this one it will fly straight and fast if thrown hard but it also glides fantastically. there are a few tough folds but i am sure by this stage you will have mastered all the skills required!
origami paper airplane/dart
it is hard to decide if this is a airplane or dart. it is very dense at the front and if thrown hard will fly far. this is a hard exercise in folding and also for me in writing and drawing instructions. hope you like it!
the lightning
this is my own design which appears identical to the original sabretooth paper airplane but is a totally different design. this paper airplane will fly superbly if made well, try it out.
sabretooth paper airplane
the sabretooth paper airplane flies fantastically if thrown straight up into the air or as a normal glider. it is great!





paper plane designs | privacy policy

2000-2025
from alex schultz







