








national endowment for democracy - supporting freedom around the world













































































press room
contact us
 apply for a grant
une demande de subvention
solicitar um subsídio
подать заявку на грант
aplicar a una subvención
التقدم بطلب للحصول على منحة
درخواست برای کمک مالی
 







apply for a grant








subscribe 







grantmaking

regions
themes


about

about the national endowment for democracy
who we are

meet our president & ceo
board of directors
staff
experts


history
how we work
governance and accountability
annual reports
democracy stories
frequently asked questions
careers


 

fellowships

fellowships
reagan-fascell democracy fellows

apply for a reagan-fascell democracy fellowship
current fellows


hurford youth fellows
penn kemble forum fellows
visiting fellows


events

democracy award

2024 democracy award
2023 democracy award


democracy service medal
lipset lecture series


ideas

international forum for democratic studies
about the forum
forum priority areas

combating transnational kleptocracy
countering authoritarian influence
emerging technologies
information space integrity


forum publications
power 3.0 blog & podcast
sharp power research portal
democracy resource center
journal of democracy
forum news feed
forum events


news
 



















investing in freedom: an introduction to the national endowment for democracy
the need for ned’s work is more urgent than ever, as authoritarian regimes threaten democracy, global peace, and stability.
read more







ned board elects new chairman and members
the ned board of directors elected a new chairman, former congressman peter roskam, alongside two distinguished new board members: eileen donahoe and ambassador robert o’brien.
read more







ned in 2024: courage on the frontlines of freedom
as the fight continues in 2025, ned is proud to lead the way as the most cost-effective champion of those working for justice, dignity, and freedom around the world.
read more





who we are
the national endowment for democracy
the national endowment for democracy (ned) is a private, nonprofit foundation dedicated to the growth and strengthening of democratic institutions around the world. each year, ned makes more than 2,000 grants to support the projects of non-governmental groups abroad who are working for democratic goals in more than 100 countries. 
learn more




 




where ned works
click on a region to explore grants



about the national endowment for democracythe endowment is both a keystone of president ronald reagan’s legacy and a rare example of bipartisan cooperation and solidarity.learn morelearn more about ned-supported activists around the worldinterested in working at ned?see all job openings100+# of countries we work with each year 

#nedevents




dec 11




"twenty-first annual seymour martin lipset lecture: serhii plokhii on “david..."

							05:30 pm - 							06:30 pm						
									the 2024 seymour martin lipset lecture on democracy in the world was delivered by serhii plokhii, the mykhailo...								
read more





oct 30




"#setthemfree: day of political prisoners"

							10:00 am - 							12:00 pm						
									the world movement for democracy, the national endowment for democracy, and freedom house hosted a virtual...								
read more


view all events






what we’re up to
latest news

february 06, 2025
share
facebooktwitteremail to friend

international religious freedom summit highlights global...
the annual international religious freedom summit (irf), a major platform for bipartisan, multifaith collaboration co-sponsored by ned and other partner organizations, gathered participants from around the world this week in washington, d.c.



february 02, 2025
share
facebooktwitteremail to friend

investing in freedom: an introduction to the national endowment...
the need for ned’s work is more urgent than ever, as authoritarian regimes threaten democracy, global peace, and stability.



january 17, 2025
share
facebooktwitteremail to friend

ned board elects new chairman and members
the ned board of directors elected a new chairman, former congressman peter roskam, alongside two distinguished new board members: eileen donahoe and ambassador robert o’brien.



january 09, 2025
share
facebooktwitteremail to friend

honoring the legacy of president jimmy carter: reflection...
ned mourns the loss of president carter and pays tribute to his unparalleled leadership as a global champion of democracy and freedom.



december 31, 2024
share
facebooktwitteremail to friend

ned in 2024: courage on the frontlines of freedom
as the year comes to a close, we reflect on the power of the american peoples’ support of those on the frontlines of freedom.


view all posts




initiatives of the national endowment for democracy







world movement for democracy
a network of activists, practitioners, scholars, policy makers, and funders who work
read more







international forum for democratic studies
the forum strives to bridge the gap between academic research and the practice of democracy.
read more







journal of democracy
the journal of democracy is the world’s leading publication on the theory and practice of democracy
read more







center for international media assistance
raises the visibility and improves the effectiveness of media development around the world.
read more















contact us
(202) 378-9700 | info@ned.org | 							privacy policy



subscribe today







1201 pennsylvania ave, nw, suite 1100, washington, dc 20004 

 















