










	environmental education in georgia




















               
        
            
environmental education in georgia



  
				 


































































   



how does environmental education in georgia work?

the goal of environmental education in georgia is to provide a resource hub that builds statewide capacity for environmental and outdoor education by offering lesson plans aligned to curriculum standards, a searchable directory of georgia's environmental education providers and the resources they offer, a directory of schools that engage kids in nature-based education, a statewide calendar of events, and the latest news, job postings, grants, contests and awards.

have something you want to share? create an account today to publish your information. once information is submitted, it will be reviewed by the site administrator. new postings are reviewed and published once a week. information will not become visible until after it has been reviewed and approved.

click here to create an account and get started: eeingeorgia.org/core/member/form.aspx?uid=0&s=0.0.0.4863




register now for upcoming eea events

to learn about and register for upcoming eea events, click here: https://www.eealliance.org/our-events.html
   



contribute a post!

have something you want to share? create an account today to publish and share your information with educators across the state

   



stay connected!

a newsletter is published regularly detailing upcoming events, jobs, grants, resources, contests, and awards.

   



hot topics

click here to see new and popular resources.

   



outdoor learning resources for educators

click here for resources to incorporate outdoor learning into your teaching practice.

   



at-home learning

learning from home? check out these fun resources.

   



volunteer opportunities

want to volunteer in the field of environmental and outdoor learning? check out some of our opportunities!

   



jobs and internships

click here to view active job and internship postings.

   



grants

click here to view active grants.

   



contests and awards

click here to view active contests and awards.

   



field trips


   



environmental stewardship projects

interested in working on a project to help the environment? check out these opportunities.

   



educator workshops

ready to learn? click here to see current and future workshops in environmental education!



























                            search  |  sign in    


                          translate:


english
spanish
chinese-simp
chinese-trad
dutch
french
german
greek
italian
japanese
korean
portuguese
russian












