


 whatevs (dot org) | p.h.c.f.y.s.b.

















whatevs (dot org)piping hot content for your sexy bod





















wednesday, november 05, 2008

 
moving on up (ish)
if you're swinging by to check the haps on a blog that hasn't been regularly updated in, well, two plus years, your uncle grambo has got some good news for you. i've been setting up shop over at http://whatevs.tumblr.com for the past month and some change. i migrated all of the 2006-2007 wordpress content that got hacked by the commie russian turkish pinko bastages, and also brought some of my defamer highlights over as well. i'm working on getting a redirect in place so you don't have to change your (old as hell) bookmarks, but for now, you can check the haps simply by clicking below:

whatevs (dot org)

alrighty then!
posted by uncle grambo    |    

feedback

sunday, october 05, 2008

 
working on it
hey peeps. since i have some free time on my hands, i'm going to be putting some work into resurrecting this site. i will be working on bringing back all of the content that got hacked by those turkish russian commie pinko bastages over the coming days and weeks, as well as giving this site a fresh new look. stay tuned, yo.
posted by uncle grambo    |    

feedback

thursday, october 02, 2008

 
test
does this work?
posted by uncle grambo    |    

feedback

wednesday, january 17, 2007

 
dudes and dudettes
what up, playas? just a quick note to check in and let you know that i have not abandoned you, the loving and adoring denizens of the fow nation. rather, your uncle grambo has been spending his free time (and disposable income) working on a whatevs (dot org) redesign that i'm hoping will be live by week's end. nothing too radical, but i am switching blog providers (bye bye, blogger, bye bye) and making a number of tweaks that i'm hoping you'll find to be value adds. i've been posting daily -- it was one of my resolutions -- so it's only a matter of time before my trademark witticisms become public fodder once again.

until then, my friends, i leave you naked and vulnerable with nothing but the wise words of sarah mclachlan to shield you from the blustery chill outdoors. "hold on, hold on to yourself / `cause this is gonna hurt like hell."
— your uncle grambo
ps - durst's new look ... revealed! what up, graybeard mcgillicudy!?!
posted by uncle grambo    |    

feedback

thursday, december 21, 2006

 
the grahammys 2k7: best singles
a little history lesson for you, the faithful followers that make up the fow nation. sometime back during the clinton presidency, a few spores were borne that eventually germinated to become the universally renowned web log that is whatevs.org. you see, back in those days, things called irc and chain emails were all the rage. it was during this time that your uncle grambo took advantage of the available technology at my disposal to began sending out year-end recap emails to family, friends and perturbed co-workers from my desk in the hallowed halls of borders group incorporated. creatively dubbed "the grahammys" (for reasons that should be obvs), they began with a simple list of my top 10 films of 1995. from there, the lists grew almost exponentially with every passing year into something more intricate, more delicate, and more best (some would argue more tedious).

anyway, i did these lists for a number of years and people seemed to enjoy them (they can all be found on the whatevs.org archive page). but, for the last few years, a deadly combination of being really busy and really lazy procluded me from taking the time to educate you -- the tired, huddled masses -- with my worldly worldview. fortch for us all, i carved out time over the past few weekends to return the grahammys to their rightful place of glory and unswerving besteverness. 

so, with that said, please enjoy...

the grahammy awards 2k7
top 20 singles of 2k6!!!

20) "lloyd, i'm ready to be heartbroken", camera obscura — twee as fuck! [vid]

19) "my love", justin timberlake feat. t.i. — everything that pitchfork 

said, only without so much drooling. [vid]

18) "don't listen to the radio", the vines — but definitely listen to this 

song! [vid]

17) "24 hours", the sounds — anyone still carrying a torch for the 

fashionably retro `80s movement (which includes this blogga) best d/l this song on the 

quick. not sure why the label never released this as a single, it was the best song on what 

amounted to be a really strong record.

16) "move along", all american rejects — while they'll never be as cool as 

the devil's rejects, i bet they write better pop songs. insanely 

hummable! [vid]


15) "monster hospital", metric — bam chicka bam chicka boom boom boom 

shallack shallack boom shallack shallack boom. bam chicka bam chicka boom boom boom shallack 

shallack boom. obvs! [vid]

14) "one man wrecking machine", guster — this song shares a thematic and 

spiritual kinship with bob seger's seminal "against the wind", except there's a 

twist. while seger famously wishes "he didn't know now what he didn't know 

then", ryan miller begins the song wanting quite the opposite. where the song 

goes from there is what makes this one a classic. [vid]

13) "the charging sky", jenny lewis with the watson twins — when you've got 

the foxiest voice on wax, even a song leaden with damning criticism of our nation's 

cultural, religious and political state of affairs sounds undeniably heaven sent. so gorge. 

[live on kimmel]

12) "crooked teeth", death cab for cutie — i've always kinda been in the 

camp that thought dcfc were boring pussbags. their performance on snl earlier this year 

changed my mind. who knew they could actually sorta rock? [live on 

snl]

11) "bring on the quiet nights", the prime ministers — rare is the song that 

makes an evening home on the couch sound more appealing than seeing the latest buzz band in 

a smoke-filled room. but then again, this is the niche that the prime ministers have 

always dominated. celebrating the pleasures of domesticity ... so necessary. [exclusive mp3 courtesy of b.b. fett, myspace]


10) "skip to the end", the futureheads — for whatever reason, the well of 

blog love dried up for these chaps this year. shame, because this record -- buoyed by this 

bouyant first single -- was way better than their first. [vid]

9) "cheated hearts", the yeah yeah yeahs — admittedly, there's nothing on 

this record to rival the overall besteverness of "maps", and that's probably why fickle mp3 

bloggers turned their backs on the yyys in 2k6. that said, the power and passion 

present in this fan-frakkin-tastic single eclipses anything that tapes and tapes or 

beirut or any other lame-o blogdarlings of `06 will ever release. [vid]

8) "the loving sounds of static", mobius band — simple is as simple does. at 

least in the case of the insanely simple yet astoundingly catchy drumbeat that sets the 

table for one of the most slept-on indie rock jams in recent memory. ghostly! [vid]

7) "fraud in the `80s", mates of state — probably the best dis track since 

"how ya like me now?". but instead of taking on cool j and his cookies, kori 

takes on (and takes down) all the bands riding the wave of resurgence for the `80s synth 

sound. pleasing to your ears! [vid]

6) "when you were young", the killers — brandon, brandon, 

brandon. it still can't understand how or why you couldn't figure out how to insert a 

chorus into this song! you wrote 85% of what would've amounted to be a classic, but it's that other 15% that 

separates the wheat from the shaft. well, that and less embarrassing facial hair. [vid]


5) "tonight", the fags — in the pantheon of the all-time greatest "roll the windows down, turn the music up!" rock songs, this song deserves a place in top 20. i challenge anyone who's debating whether or not to go out on a given friday night to listen to this song and then not go out and tie one on. all kinds of awesome. [myspace] [itunes]

4) "lazy eye", silversun pickups — the driving rhythm of "1979" is echoed in this song's bouncy bassline, but when the lead-guitarist/singer brian aubert drops the hammer at the 2:45 mark, things crescendo real quick-like into fast and furious territory. building into a full minute of some of the tastiest feedback heard since "nowhere", the song neatly strips itself piece by piece down to its essential core over the course its final minute. epic! [vid]

3) "fidelity", regina spektor — are dudes allowed to swoon? cuz that's 

exactly what your uncle grambo did when i first heard this song back in june or 

thereabouts. sometimes, there's just no denying the power of an exquisite love song. and 

that video? if you're ever feeling down, overdose on the adorable facial expressions on 

display at the 1:06 mark. swoontastic. [vid]

2) "crazy", gnarls barkley — these motherfrakkers had the oc-768 

hookup into the zeitgeist this year. listen, when s/fj taps you on the shoulder for putting out the best single in `06, it's better than being knighted. but to your uncle grambo, there was another song that ruled them all... 

the grahammy award for best song of 2006 goes to...
1) "standing in the way of control", the gossip — before this song came out, the only thing i knew about fat chicks was that they occasionally enjoyed wearing party hats. all blatant sarcasm aside, beth ditto is a big girl with a huge voice who fuckin' knocked this song out of the park, cecil fielder stizz. when she bellows "we will live our lives!" (some say in response to our government's ban on homosexual marriages), her growlgrrrl voice resonates against a dancepunk groove with the kind of urgency and defiance not heard since fogerty's vox on "fortunate son" ... i swear. viva la revolution, and viva la best!  [vid, mp3, remixes]

thanks for sticking with me. keep an eye out for the 2006 grahammy award winners for best albums of the year. until then, drink water.
posted by uncle grambo    |    

feedback















quote-a-matic






 
"jack welch has such unparalleled management skills they named welch's grape juice after him because he squeezes the sweetest juice out of his workers' mindgrapes."

 — jack donaghy on last week's 
"30 rock"











be like mark






ecoutez


light em up - the fags
regardez


cold feet - the complete first series

lisez


what is the what - dave eggers









adventures w/disposable income






 date: 12.9.06
source: best buy
amount: $50.42




(1) "miami vice: unrated director's cut" dvd
(1) "clubhouse games" for nintendo ds










snl season 32
revealed!
by nummer






ep 1 - cook / killers (9/30/06)
ep 2 - pressly / rae (10/7/06)
ep 3 - reilly / mcr (10/21/06)
ep 4 - laurie / beck (10/28/06)
ep 5 - baldwin / aguilera (11/11/06)
ep 6 - ludacris (11/18/06)
ep 7 - fox / tenacious d (12/2/06)
ep 8 - bening / stefani (12/9/06)
ep 9 - timberlake (12/16/06)
ep 10 - jake gyllehaal / shins









where's grambo?






dec 24 - 28: the d
dec 27: motor city bowl @ ford field
jan 18: sloan @ bowery ballroom
jan 24: camera obscura @ warsaw












archives




whatevs.org - complete archive
recently obvs
week of 12.17.06
week of 12.10.06
week of 12.3.06
week of 11.26.06
week of 11.19.06
week of 11.12.06












links












 



search this!




 


 


 search whatevs.org
























sponsors






































 
  
 


hostrocket - advanced website hosting














evden eve nakliyat istanbul
depolama
uluslararasi lojistik
uluslararasi nakliyat sirketi
istanbul evden eve nakliyat
istanbul ev tasima
evden eve nakliye
istanbul evden eve nakliye
istanbul depolama
esya depolama istanbul
gebze evden eve nakliyat

selcuksports
taraftarium24

