   orange county lgbtq+ health, counseling and social services | radiant health centers            



        facebookinstagramtwitterlinkedinyoutubeconnect with us

help us support the lgbtq+ community in orange county! donate today.
call us  (949) 809-5700homeabout usour teamboard of directorsour culturecareersmedical clinicpatient portal & formsfamily planninghiv testing and treatmentpepprephiv, std & hepatitisrapid arthormone replacement therapyprimary medical carestd testing & treatmenttelehealthtelehealth importancetelehealth accessvaccines and immunizationsdiagnostic laboratoryscreeningscoverage for emergencies during & after hourspayment options & billingcare programshiv life skills workshopshiv educationimportant resourcescase managementhealth educationoutreachtransportationtranslationnutritionbehavioral healthyouth programsget involvedbecome a corporate partnergive nowcompassion councillegacy planningvolunteer opportunities in orange countyeventsannual galanewsin the newsthe voiceannual reportsnewsletter signupawards & recognitionscontact us
search




menu












  healthcare, counseling & social services for the lgtbq+ communitymedical clinicwe offer a variety of clinical and lgbtq+ specific health care services for individuals, with or without health insurance.counselingradiant health centers provides mental health counseling for the lgbtq+ community regardless of their hiv status. counseling is available in english and spanish for individuals and group therapy, in-person and via tele-health.social serviceswe offer comprehensive social services for people living with hiv, including case management, financial assistance, food pantry & nutritional program, housing assistance & transportation.welcome to radiant health centersorange county’s largest provider of lgbtq+ health and social servicesradiant health centers provides compassionate care for all, including hiv testing, lgbtq+ health services, and other specialized medical and comprehensive social services. we are working to eliminate stigma and overcome health disparities impacting the lgbtq+ community to create a healthy orange county for all.clients who come to radiant health centers for testing or care are treated with dignity, respect and, above all, compassion. we help anyone in need of care, and we do not discriminate. our team of professionals and our supporters in the community are passionate about health equity and believe everyone deserves high-quality healthcare. we are glad you found us.get helpradiant health centers offers lgbtq+ health services and helps clients access the compassionate care they need.get started radiant health centers offers confidential and anonymous rapid hiv and hepatitis c testing. no appointment necessary but strongly adviseddonatedonating to radiant health centers ensures every client receives the comprehensive care they need to regain their independence.we are here for youradiant health centers offers a variety of services for you and your loved ones.education & outreachour health education & outreach programs seek to inform and teach the public about lgbtq+ health equity, how to avoid hiv transmissions and to know your status–which is the key to prevention and ending the epidemic.learn moreyouth & mentorshipour youth and mentorship program offers a wide range of services for youth, including care programs designed to support lgbtq+ youth between the ages of 12–26.learn morefamily planningradiant health centers now offers sexual health care services and family planning services for all, as well as expert care from physicians who specialize in family planning for the lgbtq+ community.learn moreprep, pep & rapid artour health education & outreach programs seek to inform and teach the public about lgbtq+ health equity, how to avoid hiv transmissions and to know your status–which is the key to prevention and ending the epidemic.learn moretesting servicesradiant health centers offers comprehensive hiv, std and hepatitis c testing. we aim to make the testing process as discrete and hassle-free as possible. get help today.learn moreadditional resourcesradiant health centers now offers sexual health care services and family planning services for all, as well as expert care from physicians who specialize in family planning for the lgbtq+ community.learn morehelp us support the lgbtq+ community in orange county! donate today.in the news38th annual aids walk raises money for hiv servicesin the news more than 300 participants gathered at orange coast college on saturday, september 14 for the 38th annual aids walk orange county. hosted by radiant health centers, the event brought together advocates and donors to raise essential funds for…read moredecember 5, 2024

https://www.radianthealthcenters.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/orange-county-aids-walk.jpg
667
1000

radiant health centers

https://www.radianthealthcenters.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/radiant-health-centers-300x138.png

radiant health centers2024-12-05 09:00:552024-12-05 07:52:0738th annual aids walk raises money for hiv servicesread the voicethe december issue of the voice discussed cultural competence in healthcare and much more. read it now.what the community says about us“thank you very much for all your support to radiant health centers. your help has made a positive experience in my life.”willradiant health centers client“because of you i am able to wash my hair, eat good, healthy food and live a strong, confident, healthy life. thank you for being you!”anonymousradiant health centers client“thank you! you have helped me get back on my feet, and with that have a more quality lifestyle.”anonymousradiant health centers client“thanks for 20 years of wonderful service. you do a great job. the food pantry helps a lot.”anonymousradiant health centers clientwe proudly support the orange county lgbtq+ communityadministration center
17982 sky park circle, 
suite j
irvine, ca 92614-6482
(949) 809-5700
monday – friday
8:30 a.m. – 5 p.m.
privacy policy

disclaimerquick linksmedical cliniccare programscounselingpatient portalgivein the newshealth center
behavioral health
(949) 809-5700
sunday - closed
monday - 8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
tuesday – 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
wednesday - 9 a.m. – 6 p.m.
thursday - 9 a.m. – 6 p.m.
friday - 8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
saturday - by appointment only

connect with us






© 2024 radiant health centers
all rights reserved medical clinic
(949) 809-5700
appointments recommended. walk-ins accepted based on availability.please call our office first.

saturday & sunday - closed
monday - 8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
tuesday - 8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
wednesday - 9 a.m. – 6 p.m.
thursday - 9 a.m. – 6 p.m.
friday - 8 a.m. – 5 p.m.

after-hours phone service
(949) 809-5700give now@ copyright 2017 - 2025 | radiant health centers facebookinstagramtwitterlinkedinyoutubemedical cliniccare programscounselingpatient portalgivein the news 
               


scroll to topenglishespañol 




