
















home



























                  home



  work


   vx



  photography


   gallery







  interests


   classic cars


   triumph herald





  kit cars


   jba falcon



  jc wyvern



  other favourites





  sport



  steam locomotives



  music



  history



  naturism



  herbs



  animal rights





  blog



  ryedale school


   reunion 1995



  reunion 2000



  year list



  old school photos





  home area



  bavaria



  contact me



  for sale


   books



  archery










   
 

to advertise on this website, email me on
paul@pmhildreth.co.uk






    
 





           
  about me
yorkshire lad, born and bred.  i'm a country boy, vegan, naturist, animal rights campaigner.  i work to develop the young sport of vx and i also sideline as a photographer.  i have a wide range of interests and an eclectic taste in music.

  

button



 
  photography
photography is a passion and i am amazed at the results we can now get with phone cameras.   the niches  that i seem to be gravitating towards are car, pet, landscape and travel photography.  i'm now qualifed as a drone pilot and am looking forward to taking the photography into a different dimension

  

button



 
  so what is vx?
the bbc called vx 'the best sport you've never heard of.'  it's grown well in the uk and is now growing particularly well in hong kong, india and africa.  i've made many friends on my travels to develop the sport abroad and look forward to going back

  

button









   welcome to my website


   

 work 
i've had a very varied career ranging from teaching, through sales, it and knowledge management to where i find myself now as a photographer and a promoter/developer of the young and fascinating sport of vx.   

view details




   



   

 interests 
i have a wide variety of interests - no time to be bored and not enough hours in the day   

view details




   



   

 
i was born and brought up in the country and even as a child i hated blood sports.  just because you are from the country does not mean you have to like killing animals.   this love of animals has stayed with me all my life and ended up with me becoming a campaigner on behalf of animals and becoming vegan.  i just wish i'd done it earlier


   so what floats my boat?


   animal rights 
 

i hate how some people treat animals.  i hate to see animals mistreated in any way.  i hate blood sports and all forms of animal abuse.  i am proud to be one of the people trying to be a voice for the voiceless learn more
 classic cars 
 

classic cars have always held a fascination for me - even as a kid i liked the old cars.  i'm not really interested in anything much since the early 80s though. learn more
 kit cars 
 

i'm not a classic car snob.  i firmly believe you can like both classic cars and kit cars, same as you can love both dogs and cats.  it doesn't have to be mutually exclusive learn more


   steam railways 
 

i have never been a trainspotter but have always loved steam locos - these things aren't machines but living breathing beasts.  just listen to them pant as they go up an incline.  and that heavenly smell of a hot steam engine ... learn more
 history 
 

my favourite subject at school was history.  unfortunately i couldn't pursue it as it clashed with german in the options.  periods that hold a particular fascination are the vikings, the medieval period, wwi and wwii learn more
 music 
 

this has been a passion as long as i can remember.  unfortunately i can't sing a note!  i have a wide taste in music ranging from roy orbison, through cat stevens to mott the hoople and motörhead - but the favourites are dr feelgood and wilko johnson learn more






     


  


   
 copyright © all rights reserved.

 
    

 

 

 

 








    created with
















































































































  
  share by:










