







media & paper shredding | southern california shredding






















































































servicing areas: los angeles county, orange county, riverside & san bernardino counties, san diego county, ventura county



1.866.66shred (74733)

drop off locations
newsletter
blog
faq
 




 
 









toggle navigation





menu




shredding specials





drop off locations



 call



specials
services

document destruction
hard drive destruction
media destruction
document imaging
shredding specials


the process

legal requirements for shredding documents
security
containers


what to shred
about us
contact
 
drop off locations
newsletter
blog
faq
 
1.866.66shred (74733)




  
  

  

















sidebar form

get a quotename*company name*zip code*email*

phone number*inquiring about?what are you inquiring about?document destructionhard drive destructionmedia/product destructiondocument imaginghow did you hear about us?how did you hear about us?how did you hear about us?friend or family memberhealthcare provider referralgooglesocial mediawebsiteemailtelevisionradiodirect mail (postcards or flyers)billboard or outdoor advertisementother (please specify)how did you hear about us (other)?message*
 























mobile and on-site shredding services near you | san diego | orange county
legal documents, payroll records, personal files, credit card statements, receipts, invoices - we shred it all!











document destruction
convenient, timely and secure.
southern california shredding has over 10 years of experience in document destruction for a variety of industries.
destroy documents





hard drive destruction
we use the most advanced shredding technology to destroy your hard drives and other media to ensure that the data can never be reconstructed or retrieved in any way.
shred hard drives





residential paper shredding
offering two basic service plans, we will shred any personal or business documents following a convenient destruction schedule of your choosing.
how we serve you











get a quote now
you need secure paper shredding & media destruction
identity theft is one of the fastest-growing crimes in the united states. it is no longer safe to throw away paperwork that contains any type of confidential information. several laws have been passed requiring businesses to destroy client information to protect individuals from the crime of identity theft.
all types of organizations, professionals, and individuals should protect themselves by using a secure document shredding service. southern california shredding is a mobile document destruction company servicing both commercial and residential customers. we will come to your location and shred all of your confidential material in front of you, so you can view the process.
you will have peace of mind that your material is completely destroyed when our mobile shredding truck leaves your premises. our trucks are equipped with the latest in mobile shredding technology and will shred up to 6,000 pounds of paper in one hour.
environmentally friendly document shredding & document imaging
welcome to southern california shredding, an orange county document destruction company that specializes in going green with environmentally friendly document shredding.
southern california shredding knows that paper shredding is as important to large corporations as it is to small businesses, individuals and families. we can’t trust that throwing away our confidential information is safe. alternatively, most of us do not have the space to store all of the documents that contain our confidential information including: financial statements or sensitive documents, credit card information, bank account details, anything with a social security number and other personal information that we need to keep confidential.
let us help you with our mobile shredding services.
southern california shredding is a licensed and bonded document destruction company that adheres to both industry standards and government regulations.

we are hipaa and facta-compliant
we use the latest in mobile shredding technology equipment
we recycle all shredded material
we assist with your non-confidential recycling needs
we use environmentally friendly mobile shredding vehicle

southern california shredding process:

we will arrive at your home or business to shred your confidential and personal documents
we will shred paper, credit cards, cds, videos, hard drives, and more (sorry, no cardboard)
we will take all shredded materials to a certified recycling facility
we will pick up non-shredded materials for recycling
we will provide your services in an efficient manner; our vehicle can shred up to 3 tons of materials per hour

still unsure if mobile paper shredding is right for you? 
contact us. we will be happy to explain how our services can benefit you, review our prices and more.





think green
southern california shredding “thinks green” and recycles 100% of all shredded material helping to reduce the amount of waste brought to our landfills. on an average we recycle 100,000 pounds of paper per month. cardboard, film, electronic media and plastics are all recycled too!
see how you can help













“they are very friendly and the process is quick! i loved the fact i was able to watch my documents actually being shredded!”
– chanel b.












×

accepting drop-offs monday-friday 9am to 4pm and saturdays 9am to 1pm.















secure and environmentally friendly
document shredding in southern california
 
southern california shredding provides eco-friendly document shredding and recycling services to businesses and individuals throughout southern california, helping each client maintain privacy and security while also putting environmental responsibility first. southern california shredding is committed to provide services that are cost-effective, convenient, and completely green. learn more about secure document shredding services and how we can help your business succeed.

request a quote
call us directly









on-site service areas

los angeles county
san bernardino county
riverside county
orange county
san diego county
ventura county



contact us
20492 crescent bay drive, #112
lake forest, ca 92630
tel: (949) 305-5511
fax: (949) 305-6611
information: email hidden; javascript is required




recent blog posts


help improve your security with document destruction services
june 19, 2019


what is a certificate of destruction for document destruction
june 5, 2019


what if i need one-time paper shredding services?
may 22, 2019


 











                  © 2025 oc shredding privacy policy |   accessibility



 strategic digital design by firm media © 2025











x



sidebar form

get a quotename*company name*zip code*email*

phone number*inquiring about?what are you inquiring about?document destructionhard drive destructionmedia/product destructiondocument imaginghow did you hear about us?how did you hear about us?how did you hear about us?friend or family memberhealthcare provider referralgooglesocial mediawebsiteemailtelevisionradiodirect mail (postcards or flyers)billboard or outdoor advertisementother (please specify)how did you hear about us (other)?message*
 






















































