


















at&t labs | at&t













































































at&t labs




our work
our legacy
work with us





































our researchers look beyond today’s technology solutions to invent disruptive technologies that meet future needs. they are our time travelers, drawing on more than 140 years of heritage of creation and innovation.  






















at&t labs is the driving force behind groundbreaking innovations that transform the way people work, live and play.



discover our innovations





















our scientists and engineers are some of the brightest minds in the industry.

 



meet our leaders and explore our history





















get to know our people and collaborative culture.

 



learn about life at at&t labs
































celebrating 147 years

as we celebrate 147 years, we reflect on our innovation heritage, recent achievements at at&t labs and our aspiration to connect people to greater possibility. 


read story




























5g innovation studio
 
the 5g innovation studio brings together the power of at&t’s business, consumer and network organizations to accelerate the path to market for new 5g-centric product offerings and key initiatives.



explore our 5g innovation studio



















5g and beyond
 
at&t’s network of tomorrow continues to evolve to deliver world class network services and meet customer needs. combined with data automation, collaboration on networking standards, open apis, and open-source tools enable us to utilize the advanced capabilities of software-defined network and 5g technologies to power our world.



read about 5g and beyond



















analytics and ai-based automation
 
at at&t, artificial intelligence (ai), machine learning (ml) and data analytics are woven into customer interactions, our software-defined network, and next generation technologies.



learn about these technologies



















latest stories















































html editor component *contents may not have visible height

custom nav css 









html editor component *contents may not have visible height

custom labs css 
















