



	calibrated peer review: home









calibrated peer review®
web-based writing and peer review


introduction

                    calibrated peer review (cpr) is a web-based, instructional tool that enables frequent
                    writing assignments in any discipline, with any class size, even in large classes
                    with limited instructional resources. in fact, cpr can reduce the time an instructor
                    now spends reading and assessing student writing.
                

                    cpr offers instructors the choice of creating their own writing assignments or using
                    the existing assignments in the rapidly-expanding central assignment library. although
                    cpr stems from a science-based model, it has the exciting feature that it is discipline
                    independent and level independent. cpr has been adopted in undergraduate and graduate
                    institutions, in professional medical and business schools, and even in secondary
                    schools.
                
news
calibrated peer review 6.4 is now available

                    thursday, june 13, 2019
                

                    we are pleased to announce the release of cpr 6.4 with the following enhancements:
                

added the download assignment settings tool to the downloads section
                       of the tools page for all assignments, which creates a text file
                       containing all of the assignment’s settings, including the scoring
                       template, minimum and maximum word counts, points, timing, and
                       miscellaneous options.
added the download calibration answers tool to the downloads section
                       of the tools page for all assignments, which creates a csv file
                       containing all the answers to the calibration questions submitted by
                       the entire class.
modified the download explanations as text file and download
                       explanations as csv file tools to included the answers to all review
                       questions, not just those that require an explanation, and changed
                       the names of these tools to download review answers as text file
                       and download review answers as csv file.
removed the download submission data tool from the tools page for
                       finished assignments, and replaced it with the download progress
                       button on the student progress page, which creates a csv file with
                       the same information shown on the detailed student progress page,
                       but for the entire class.

calibrated peer review 6.3 is now available

                    tuesday, january 29, 2019
                

                    we are pleased to announce the release of cpr 6.3 with miscellaneous bug fixes.
                
calibrated peer review 6.2 is now available

                    monday, april 24, 2017
                

                    we are pleased to announce the release of cpr 6.2 with the following enhancements:
                

added the download problem list analysis tool to
                        the assignment tools page.

calibrated peer review 6.1 is now available

                    wednesday, june 22, 2016
                

                    we are pleased to announce the release of cpr 6.1 with the following enhancements:
                

removed the add instructor button from the manage students page, which is now used only to display
                        and manage the students in a cpr course.
added the manage instructors tool, used to display
                        and manage the instructors associated with a cpr course. administrators can use
                        this tool to add instructors to a course and also to drop them. instructors can
                        add additional instructors to one of their courses, but cannot drop them. 
assignments displayed in the not started, in progress, and finished sections of
                        the manage assignments page are now listed in order
                        of assignment start time rather than by assignment id. 
improved the formatting of the output generated by the download
                        explanations as csv file tool. 
added the download peer review analysis tool to the
                        assignment tools page. this tool downloads a comma-separated
                        values file that contains each student’s overall score and text rating, each reviewer’s
                        rci, answers, and explanations, and each student’s self-assessment answers.
fixed a problem that could cause a student’s text entry or explanation for a review
                        answer to display incorrectly if it contained an ampersand character.

cpr central assignment library now has wysiwyg editing

                    wednesday, april 6, 2016
                

                    we have added the wysiwyg (what you see is what you get) editor control that’s been
                    available to instructors and students since the introduction of cpr6 to the cpr
                    central assignemnt library. so, authors will no longer have to type html formatting
                    code to add bold and italic text, include superscripts and subscripts, and insert
                    special characters when writing their assignments.
                
calibrated peer review 6 is now available

                    wednesday, august 5, 2015
                

                    we are pleased to announce that calibrated peer review 6 (cpr6) has now been released.
                    cpr6 has been extensively tested with hundreds of students in multiple classes.
                    it includes all of the features available in cpr5 as well as new features for students,
                    instructors, researchers, and administrators.
                

                    students appreciate the informative progress table that tracks their progress through
                    an assignment and they rave about the new wysiwyg editor that allows them to format
                    their text submissions like they do in a word processor, without having to type
                    special formatting code.
                

                    new administrator course management tools allow institutions to specify student
                    cpr usernames or continue to use the program’s unique assignment.
                

                    additional instructor downloads assist student record keeping and assessment of
                    student work. the availability of hundreds of pre-written assignments in the cpr
                    central library make implementation of writing with cpr accessible across the disciplines.
                

                    new tools facilitate researchers in their analysis and evaluation of student writing,
                    calibrating, and reviewing skills.
                

                    these improvements to the software and others, which we describe briefly on the
                    what’s new page, make calibrated peer review the program
                    of choice for instructors who believe in writing as a tool for learning and researchers
                    who are involved in writing-to-learn studies. for a complete price list, license
                    details, and ordering instructions, see purchase.
                



attention students:
                            this website is an information site only and is not connected to cpr course files.
                            please ask your instructor for the url address you need to access your institution’s
                            cpr courses.
                        

attention authors:
                            to author assignments for the new distributed cpr system, please log in to the cpr central assignment
                            library.
                        



                     
                


general information


home


overview


what’s new


tour


system requirements


comments from users


purchase


assignment library


search library


sample assignment


documentation


downloads


publications


support


contact us


faq






                        copyright © 1997–2022 the regents of the university of california. all rights reserved.
                    



                        calibrated peer review and cpr are registered trademarks of the regents of the university of california.
                    


terms of use | privacy statement






