





the laguna beach hookup













the laguna beach hook up













thursday, july 12, 2012 || whitney port is having a sample sale this friday



posted by lysandra @ 4:20 am
      
        [[ 2 comments ]]
      











wednesday, july 11, 2012 || kristin cavallari spends time with family as her due date grows closer




kristin cavallari is pregnant, and she's in need of a little family 
time. that's totally understandable. as her due date grows ever-closer, 
kristin's probably all about bonding with close friends and family 
members (and probably her pillow). cavallari decided to spend last 
evening with her very own grandmother. it's great that these two got the
 chance to enjoy a nice evening out together!

kristen took to her twitter account to explain that the dinner out was her treat, telling
 her followers, "it's great because we're on the same schedule...dinner 
at 6, in bed by 9." she also added, "oh how times have changed." 
certainly they have! kristin cavallari used to be the "it" girl when it 
came to partying all night, with her lavish california lifestyle. now, 
it's a whole different story.

hopefully kristin's grandmother didn't keep her up too late. the third 
trimester can bring extreme exhaustion, and kristin cavallari definitely
 looks like she's in those last months. at least she's taking the time 
she has now to enjoy catching up with family, because once that baby 
arrives, she and jay cutler won't have a lot of time for anything else! - celebs.gather.com
posted by lysandra @ 4:59 am
      
        [[ 1 comments ]]
      











 || kristin cavallari gets pampered by jay cutler during pregnancy

kristin cavallari's fiance, jay cutler, is being quite the sweetheart
 during the reality diva's pregnancy. the nfl quarterback has been 
taking kristin out for date nights, and even cooking her dinner. 

"jay just made the yummiest tacos for dinner. just hoping i don't get heartburn," cavallari tweeted on monday night.

how cute! cutler is really stepping out and preparing for his role as a husband and father.

it seems kristin has come a long way since her laguna beach and the hills days. not only has the gorgeous blonde matured, she seems totally ready for the next phase in her life.

cavallari
 has a lot on her plate right now. she's planning a wedding, and about 
to become a mother. however, kristin is ready for whatever life is 
throwing at her, and seemingly excited for her future.

fans are so
 excited to see kristin cavallari and jay cutler's little bundle of joy,
 and can't wait for the couple to finally tie the knot! - celebs.gather.com
posted by lysandra @ 4:54 am
      
        [[ 1 comments ]]
      











 || kristin cavallari has problem before date night




kristin cavallari is one of the most beautiful women in hollywood. 
however, now that she is pregnant, it's a little bit harder to keep up 
her glam look, the former laguna beach and the hills star revealed.

"date night ❤. finding an outfit is not what it used to be," cavallari tweeted on friday before heading out with her fiancé, jay cutler.

fans
 know that kristin looks great in just about everything she wears, but 
finding cute maternity clothes is hard. ms. cavallari just needs to hang
 in there a bit, because she's rounding the corner on her pregnancy.

hopefully,
 jay has been showering his future wife with lots of compliments on her 
beauty, and taking her for plenty of date nights. it's important for an 
expecting couple to bond during the pregnancy.



fans
 are confident that kristin cavallari will continue to dress her baby 
bump well and soon become one of hollywood's hottest moms. - celebs.gather.com
posted by lysandra @ 4:52 am
      
        [[ 0 comments ]]
      











 || heidi montag blames cellulite on liposuction






            heidi montag has come clean about her regrets in the 
past. now the tv personality has confessed her “biggest” regret – 
liposuction.                   


heidi montag, 25, is blaming the appearance of cellulite on her thighs on the weight-loss procedure.

“i can’t believe i did this to myself,” heidi montag commented, 
adding, “i’m so insecure about my legs . . . i rarely wear shorts.”


according to physicians, most women over the age of 25 battle with 
the appearance of cellulite on their thighs, and one plastic surgeon 
isn’t surprised to hear heidi montag complain about cellulite.

from in touch, “though she had perfectly smooth legs prior 
to the surgeries, heidi was horrified when photos surfaced depicting 
what appeared to be cellulite on her thighs just a few months after the 
body-contouring procedure.”


heidi montag added a bit of advice for those looking to maintain 
their figure without resorting to surgery. “try to lose weight and eat 
healthily,” she added.


heidi montag appeared on the cover of people magazine in 
january 2010 and denied she had an addiction to plastic surgery after 
undergoing a marathon ten procedures in a day during november 2009. at 
that point in time, heidi montag had already undergone a nose job and 
breast augmentation surgery.

physicians caution liposuction is not the right procedure for 
everybody looking to shape their body in a certain way. dr. john di saia
 of san clemente and orange voiced his reaction to the criticism of the 
procedure offered by heidi montag:

“heidi has lost her luster to the entertainment community. i’d wager 
she would say anything to make the powers that be happy, and bagging on 
your plastic surgery is popular now.


“with that being said, lipo is not a solution for all. as we have 
seen in other entertainers (e.g. tara reid) lipo can leave patients with
 irregularities seen in the treated skin. this is not a common 
occurrence but happens much more prominently in cases, in which it is 
performed inappropriately.


“there has to be enough fat to treat, and the skin over it has to 
have the appropriate tone or elasticity. these are issues judged 
properly by trained personnel. philosophy also has a good deal to do 
with which patients are offered surgery in a particular practice.


“heidi was quite thin before surgery and is likely to have had 
surgery in areas that were not good targets . . . too little fat to 
treat. i’d bet that is the source of her troubles if they exist to any 
significant extent, anyway.”collegenews.com

posted by lysandra @ 4:49 am
      
        [[ 1 comments ]]
      











 || pregnant kristin cavallari finds great cure for what ails her

kristin cavallari is pregnant, and sporting a massive baby bump. as her 
due date approaches, she's beginning to feel the strain that pregnancy 
can put on any woman. in kristin's case, it's heartburn. anyone who's 
had a baby can probably attest to the fact that heartburn is a super 
common ailment that pregnant women just have to learn to handle. but as 
it turns out, kristin's got a solution!kristin and jay cutler 
are expecting their first baby this year, and recent photos show her 
rapidly expanding belly and her total pregnancy glow. she looks amazing,
 but apparently she's been a bit uncomfortable. indigestion and 
heartburn can hit pregnant women, especially those in their third 
trimester -- and kristin cavallari is no exception. fortunately for her,
 she's found the answer: ginger candy!

kristin recently tweeted,
 "i finally found something that helps heartburn!! ginger candy chews. i
 got mine at whole foods." that was her tip to her "fellow preggers 
girls." she also followed up with a bit of advice a short time later on 
twitter, saying, "make sure it's real ginger though. not the tastiest things but whatever works."ginger
 candy chews are fantastic for some people suffering from heartburn and 
upset stomach. kristin cavallari knows that first-hand, and she's 
sharing that knowledge with the world. hopefully the ginger continues to
 give her (and her pregnant followers) some much-needed relief! - celebs.gather.com
posted by lysandra @ 4:43 am
      
        [[ 0 comments ]]
      











 || whitney port: fashion shows are about more than clothes


whitney port (pix) says fashion shows aren't just about the clothes. 

the designer - who launched her own line whitney eve in 2009 - once 
spent an hour choosing the right shade of nail varnish for her models to
 wear on the catwalk because every detail is so important. 

she told britain's glamour magazine: "a fashion show isn't 
just about the clothes; it's everything from the hair and the make-up 
trends to the jewellery and even the fingernails. i once took half an 
hour to pick one nail colour!

"you take a lot of pride in it all because you know how many eyes are going to see it."

although she has a high profile from her time on 'the hills' and 'the
 city', whitney knew she had to start at the bottom in the fashion world
 and wouldn't get any special favours.

she said: "when you're a new designer you can take whatever spot you 
can get during fashion week. my show was at 9am, which was good because 
it got a lot of people there but we had to arrive at 10am. i literally 
spent 10 minutes in hair and make-up. i told them just to do something 
really fast and make me look decent." - bang media
posted by lysandra @ 4:41 am
      
        [[ 0 comments ]]
      













site 411

site owner: lysandra 
email: lysandranhs90@yahoo.com

 hits since 8-14-06 


 online now

- archives -
july 2008
october 2008
july 2012


advertisement




tagboard








previous posts

whitney port is having a sample sale this friday
kristin cavallari spends time with family as her d...
kristin cavallari gets pampered by jay cutler duri...
kristin cavallari has problem before date night
heidi montag blames cellulite on liposuction
pregnant kristin cavallari finds great cure for wh...
whitney port: fashion shows are about more than cl...
whitney port reveals 'strange' skin secret
officemax presents "a day made better" with audrina
"reality check challenge" with heidi montag and sp...


family sites










download laguna beach!

downloads coming soon!

download newport harbor!

downloads coming soon!

download the hills!
season 1

"new city, new drama"
the hills (season 1) | ep. 101
plot: lauren and heidi move into their new place to start their new lives in the hills. but the girls begin to drift apart when lauren's new found responsibility towards school and work clashes with heidi's partying, drama filled lifestyle.
download || watch online

affiliates

cavallari fan
celeb pulp
celebrity doodle
danity kane fan
famouswhy.com
hayden panettiere web
jason wahler fan
laguna beach online
laguna lovers
lauren conrad italia
lauren conrad online
buddy tv
messing around
miranda kerr fan
miss demi
oh my josh!
ology news
princess media
rihanna
sidereel
so random
undeniable heat
youknowyouloveme.org

if you'd like to become an affiliate with us, send me an e-mail with your site name and button.  if you are accepted, i will email you back.

  
disclaimer

laguna beach hook up is in no way affiliated with the mtv or the stars you see on the show.  copyright infringement is never intended. please do not email me requesting autographs, emails, home address, phone numbers, etc. as i'm just as clueless as you are!







member of theboxxet network



subscribe toposts [atom]










