







downtown boathouse








































        
          
            downtown boathouse
          
        
      




















































              home
            

              what we do
            

            calendar
          



              volunteer
            

              donate
            

            volunteer portal
          
















































































homewhat we docalendar





                
                  
                    downtown boathouse
                  
                
              




volunteerdonatevolunteer portal









scroll






  

the world’s largest free kayaking programpromoting public access to the water for all

 







 

free kayakingwe are closed for the 2024 season and will reopen in late may 2025 

we  often have to close our signup line early due to the great demand. please come early if you want to go kayaking. 
first come - first served


you must know how to swim. if under 18 years old, parent or legal guardian must be present. we offer free sit-on-top kayaks for public use in protected hudson river embayments at each of our locations throughout our season (may-october). we give brief instruction and provide life vests, as well as lockers and locks, sun block, changing rooms and first aid equipment. this is by far our most popular program for adults and children alike. it provides an opportunity to create a personal connection with our waterfront, regardless of age, income or location, and it also serves to educate our communities about how far we have come in cleaning up the hudson river.



before you go out· sign a waiver (we now require a new waiver each visit)· you must know how to swim· put on a lifejacket that we provideon the water· stay within the bay (between piers)· keep away from sides and wall· come back in 20 minutes· come back in if called· no swimmingunder eighteen· one child per boat· guardian must be present· under 13, must go in boat with an adultgroups· groups must be 10 or less so as not to overwhelm the public program· if you represent a youth, special needs or underserved community group or nonprofit contact   groups@downtownboathouse.org for optionswe're sorry, but we don't accommodate animals in our boats for safety reasons!

tweets by dtbh  






pier 26









 

we are closed for the 2024 season and will reopen in late may, 2025we wil be closed to the public on saturday october 12 for volunteer appreciation daybe sure to check the calendar for exact dates and scheduled closings. walking: the pier 26 boathouse is located on the southern end of hudson river park on the westside highway just north of n moore st. the nearest subway stops are the #1 at franklin st. and the a/c/e station at canal street. kayaking: the pier 26 boathouse and dock is the first pier south of the holland tunnel ventilation towers and is the second pier north of battery park city.driving: driving, drop-off, and parking are not permitted anywhere on pier 26, but there is usually free street parking available in the neighborhood on sundays and evenings.

 
   

 






governors island









 

our  governors island location is currently closed. we expect to reopen for the 2025 season when dock repairs are completed. 

 
   

 




 

ready to help?

  


    volunteer
  




    donate today
  

 









home



free kayaking



pier 26



pier 26 map



governors island



governors island map



join














documentsfaqsvolunteerdonatecontact us






































