

pa health coverage 


















pa
healthcoverage.com
protecting your most 
      valuable asset, your health



about us


contact us







 























group





















individual





















    
    
    chamber individual exchange
 





















     united healthcare exchange





















travel insurance































agency information












stahl & company


info@pahealthcoverage.com
 












 


      welcome to
      pahealthcoverage.comstahl & company has 
   been representing and serving clients since 1996. in 2001,
   pahealthcoverage.com was 
   launched to create a web portal for marketing insurance products over the 
   internet. our internet presence transformed the agency from servicing local 
   clients to servicing the insurance needs of thousands of businesses and 
   individuals in every part of pennsylvania. 
with clients from erie to scranton and from 
            pittsburgh to philadelphia, we represent all major carriers 
            throughout the state. our success as one of the leading benefits 
            agencies in pennsylvania happened because of one thing, service. 
            we care about your family, your business and your employees. we are 
            dedicated to protecting you. 

            when working with your business, we will incorporate your business 
            cycle, size, industry, turnover, contribution strategy and other 
            factors into uniquely crafted benefit offerings. individuals and 
            self employed can expect personal service and quality advice in 
            obtaining affordable insurance.

            our objectives in customizing benefit plans for clients are to 
            reduce cost, improve coverage, streamline administration, and 
            maximize tax deductions & credits. our ultimate goal is to maintain 
            or improve your benefits, while reducing premiums and out of pocket 
            costs. 
please call our office at 866-680-0951 to 
            allow us the opportunity to help you more affordably, better manage 
            one of your top five expenses. we appreciate your business.

stephen e. stahl chfc, lutcf 
            president, stahl & company 










stahl & company


 privacy statement
       

info@pahealthcoverage.com
toll free:
    (866) 680-0951
 




 

