










murphy and nolan, inc.



































murphy and nolan, inc. – service in metals since 1953















1.800.836.6385
sales@murphynolan.com








home
about us aerospace metals commercial metals videos contact 

















about us aerospace metals commercial metals videos contact 















metals
we offer same-day shipping on many items!

stainless steel
alloy steel
aluminum
carbon steel
specialty alloys
brass – copper – bronze

view line cards









value added services
helping you get ready-to-assemble parts!

cutting
deburring
centerless grinding
heat treating

learn more









aerospace
stocked alloys include:

440c
15-5
13-8
7050
7075
52100

…and more!
view line card


























request a quote







service in metals since 1953




100% commitment to quality.




						warehouse operations					





as our business continues to grow, so does our inventory.




						inventory					





we operate around the clock to meet our customers’ delivery requirements. with same-day service available to much of our delivery area, we make sure our customers get the correct product on time, every time.




						99.8% on-time delivery					





our team has the knowledge, experience, and expertise to help you achieve your goals.




						knowledgable sales staff					










our mission


we solve our customers’ challenges by providing unique raw material solutions

we take pride in working with our customers and suppliers to develop mutually profitable and sustainable partnerships by combining over seventy years of metals center experience with our commitment to adapt and evolve.
our success is achieved through our commitment to empowering and developing our people, investing in new technology, and delivering the highest level of quality. this commitment allows us to provide best-in-class quality, service, and value to our partners throughout our supply chain.
murphy and nolan, inc. has been one of new york state’s most trusted distribution centers of metal bar and tubing products. our continued growth has allowed us to provide the same exceptional service to more customers throughout the northeast, the rest of the usa, and across the globe.
for over 70 years…
jack murphy and jack nolan founded our company in 1953, and for the entirety of our existence murphy and nolan, inc. has been family owned and operated. our commitment to our customers, employees, and supply-chain partners has allowed us to become one of the most-trusted raw material providers in the industry. we have three locations across new york state to service your raw material needs efficiently. please contact us for your next bar or tubing requirement.




request a quote



 












* first name
 



* last name
 





* email
 



phone
 





company
 





 how may we assist you?
 
























murphy nolan offices






1.800.836.6385
sales@murphynolan.com








site maphome
about us
aerospace metals
commercial metals
careers
contact us
 

line cardsaerospace line card
commercial line card
 

 



© copyright 2025. murphy and nolan, inc. all rights reserved.








request a quote

×























