  














home: department of preventive medicine: feinberg school of medicine
    

 




























skip to main content






feinberg school of medicine
northwestern medicine | northwestern university
news center | faculty profiles
northwestern university feinberg school of medicinedepartment of preventive medicine


 



department of preventive medicine home

about us

about us overview

contact us

contact overview
staff


employment opportunities
chair's message
news
events
giving
alumni
celebrating a half century of dpm



education

education overview
master's degrees
postdoctoral training
internships



research

research overview
research & data
recent publications
administrative support



divisions

divisions overview
behavioral medicine
biostatistics & informatics
cancer epidemiology & prevention
epidemiology


centers & cores

faculty

a-z faculty
behavioral medicine
biostatistics & informatics
cancer epidemiology & prevention
epidemiology









search








innovative science for health & preventionabout usnews spotlight
dr. norrina allen named vice chair for research 
norrina allen, phd, mph, faha, quentin d. young professor of health policy, professor of epidemiology and pediatrics has been named vice chair for research, department of preventive medicine.  dr. allen also serves as the director, center for epidemiology and population health institute for public health and medicine (ipham) and director of the data science hub, institute for innovations in developmental sciences (devsci) at northwestern. 
“i am deeply honored to step into the role of vice chair of research within the department of preventive medicine. i look forward to working with our new chair, dr. mercedes carnethon, whose passion and commitment to the department i have always admired.  my 15 years in the department of preventive medicine have prepared me well for this role, and i am eager to leverage this experience to drive innovative research initiatives forward.”


the department of preventive medicine aims to improve the health of individuals and populations through translational research, education and training, community outreach and promotion of public health.
our divisions provide specialized training, research and patient care related to our field. our faculty members bring an extraordinary range of specialized expertise and are committed to helping our students develop the skills critical for a successful career in their chosen fields.
our divisions
researchlearn moreeducationexplore & applyfacultymeet our teamsthe all of us research program has a simple mission: to speed up health research breakthroughs. to do this, we’re asking one million people to help us create the largest health database ever.
join all of usnewsnovel blood test predicts risk of severe lung diseasemedical students provide heart disease prevention to underserved chicago communitiessocial determinants of health associated with diabetic eye-care qualityanalyzing the effects of dietary acculturation on heart healthmore newseventsfeb18lunch & learn series: milkie vu, phd - "hpv vaccination among asi...12:00 pm - 1:00 pm
					        add to calendar  feb27public health seminar series—warming up to a new paradigm for the...12:00 pm - 1:00 pm
					        add to calendar  apr02ipham public health summit 20259:00 am - 3:00 pm
					        add to calendar  all eventsevent×

back to top



follow preventive medicine on twitterabout useducationresearchdivisionscenters & coresfaculty 
                        department of preventive medicine680 n. lake shore dr.suite 1400chicago, il 60611chicago campus map312-908-7914email uschicago campus mapnorthwestern university feinberg school of medicinegivingsocial media centerfacebooktwitterlinkedinyoutubeinstagrampodcast© 2025 northwestern universitycontact northwestern universitycareersdisclaimercampus emergency informationuniversity policiesreport an accessibility issue

 





 



