

speed aces official homepage automotive aviation maritime electric vehicle forum aircraft boats cars fastest world records


















 







 
let's electrify
      & automate
 
      for
      a cleaner world
 
      explore
      this site using our  a
      - z and
      bear in mind that much of the content is legacy material
 




      
 

 
 
climate
  change  -   the united
  nations'
  climate talks (known as cop out = conference of the parties) took place in
  december 2019. during these global discussions action for climate policy is
  negotiated. the 25th
      cop-out took place in madrid, spain after chile had to hand the torch
      over as a result of riots caused by transport cost rises. the main players
  continued to indulge in red flag politics, to buy themselves more time to
  plunder planet
  earth. in 1865 the british government was bribed by the railways and
  stagecoach companies to pass the locomotive act, designed to prevent the
  development of horseless carriages, to enable the existing businesses to
  continue with their transport monopolies. the same level of political
  corruption applies today!
 
before the
        24th climate summit in katowice, poland, 50 high profile companies
  published an open letter to the


  un 

  calling for more action to curb climate
  change. it made no difference. the same applied to cop
        26. so far
  with over twenty-five years of haggling the arctic ice is melting faster than ever.
        cop
        27 looks set to be another flop. no wonder so many high profile people and corporations are
  worried. in the uk we we are still granting planning consents for houses
  without solar panels or electric
  vehicle charging points.
  what are our politicians like? it's criminal. but who elected them. yes, you
  did. and that brings us to brexit and the uk - by way of example to the rest
        of the world, how to fail in sustainability terms.
  with the natural world crumbling from our carelessness, do we really need so
  much in-house fighting. united we stand, divided we fall. the automotive,
  marine and aviation (transport) industries are some of the most important to
  zero emission, to help the world get back on track to honest economics. these
  industries owe the planet a duty of care, where they occupy a special place,
  that politicians cannot control, other than with statute. but one would hope,
  will do the right thing without being entirely profit driven.
 
 
 
 

 
 
autox
      - this is one of the growing fleet of autox robotaxis currently operating
      in china. along with waymo in the us, the advent of robotic cars is
      creating quite a stir in media articles as you can see from the coverage
      featured on this website, and how delightful it will be when buses and our
      personal vehicles, automatically take us to our destinations, free of
      speeding tickets - and safer - also with less harm to the environment as
      tire wear will be reduced.
 
 
 
 
it
  is not just about cleaning up the air we breathe. economies all over the world
  have become entrenched in fossil fuel corruption, leading to energy blackmail,
  inequalities and even war between russia and ukraine. now threatening nuclear
  extinction, as the bullies find stealing another country, is harder than it
  seemed. this need not be the case. renewables offer cheaper  zero
  emission  electricity (green hydrogen,
   ammonia or
  methanol) over coal,
  gas and oil, from which to
  build a  sustainable economy based on energy transparency and trust.
 
currency
  & pension fraud
 
we'd
  suggest that, alongside cleaning up our energy/transport act, we also clean up
  trading based on bogus currencies and legalized thieving. administrations might want to consider
  going back to a 'standard' based on something tangible. this could be energy,
  or food produce. but should not remain as fictitious paper, unsupported by
  anything other than undeliverable promises. why not a return to gold and
  silver coins. with bank vaults for savers. or, security tagged safes for home
  use. a return to honest bartering based on coins
  made of precious metals. at the moment, savings in £pounds sterling are
  being devalued at 10% per year. can you afford to see your life savings
  flushed down the toilet by incompetent politicians?
 
moving
  to other forms of savings, takes away the power of politicians to bolster
  their fake economy, by raiding your piggy bank. they want a digital
  transformation, for exactly the opposite reasons, to ride you back all the way
  to the finishing line, and an nhs geared to accelerating the demise of elderly
  patients. for yet more taxes.
 
it
  used to be gold. it was called "the gold standard," in the days before banks took over the
  running of countries and decided to multiply money over and above anything of
  real value - so that they could lend more than they had. and not work at all.
  just count fictitious currency and manipulate markets. while honest workers
  toil, to build houses, plumb and wire them. and build trucks and cars. the
  bean counters are non-productive workers. modern slavers.
 
non
  productive workers
 
why
  would anyone want to sell wealth they don't actually possess?
  so they could make more money - and make money a commodity, instead of a
  method of honestly trading goods.
 
the
  dishonest use of promissory notes is inflationary. selling what they did and
  do not have. pretending to have wealth, to support lending. leading to robbing of
  those with life savings to protect. simply because inflation devalues existing
  savings. we ask if that should remain legal? we think not. but perhaps voters
  should think on that. one voice questioning the monetary firmament makes no
  difference at elections. the collective human brain is all important. but that
  depends on voters being informed, instead of lied to during campaigns, when
  candidates are running for office. at present, it is legal to lie to the
  electorate in britain. boris
  (the) johnson proved that. he was called out at a london magistrates
  court, when the court (effectively) said it was okay for politicians to
  deceive voters. no wonder we have a cost of living crisis. boris lied about
  brexit, with his big
  red bus slogans. you may think british courts have not served the
  electorate. and now the uk is trying to prevent protests. of course, with
  policies so shady, the most powerful parties, will seek to disarm protestors
  and whistleblowers. depriving them of the basic human right, to peacefully
  impart information, and be heard, by locking them up. henry
  vii did it, making his word law. chopping off the head of anyone that
  disagreed with him. hence, 4.5 beheadings for every day of his reign. another
  dictator using the same tactics, was that nice adolf
  hitler.
 
financial
  slavery
 
henry
  viii's reign 1491-1547 was a near disaster financially. he augmented the
  royal treasury by seizing church lands, but his heavy spending and long
  periods of mismanagement damaged the economy. this is a pattern adopted by
  modern labour
  and conservative
  politicians in the 20th and 21st centuries, leading to climate
  change and staggering national debts of £2.4 trillion pounds - to buy the
  electorate - and votes. as a result, the united kingdom is paying well over
  the odds to live. policies saddling every citizen with staggering debts, that
  the country cannot afford to repay. as we say financial slavery.

 
quarter
  debt £billions as % gdp

  2020 q2 = £2,069.3 - 94.5%
  2020 q3 = £2139.0 - 98.8%
  2020 q4 = £2,204.8 - 102.5%
  2021 q1 = £2,223.0 - 103.8%
  2021 q2 = £2,296.4 - 103.0%
  2021 q3 = £2,332.9 - 102.7%
  2021 q4 = £2,382.8 - 102.8%
  2022 q1 = £2,365.4 - 99.6%

  source: office for national statistics - uk government (conservative) debt and
  deficit
 
 
uk
  general government gross debt was £2,365.4 billion at the end of quarter 1
  (jan to mar) 2022, equivalent to 99.6% of gross domestic product (gdp).
  leaving almost no reserves, taking the country to the brink in any language.
  where growth is contrary to sustainable or circular
  economics. simply because earth is being drained at the rate of 2.4
  planets, of the ability of the world to produce. meaning that, to start to get
  things under control, borrowing needs to reduce to £985 billion pounds at
  present gdp (in the uk example). a truly sustainable economy would not need
  any borrowings, but have reserves rather than debt, as in nature. meaning that
  around 20-30 years of uk politicians appear to have been irresponsible.
 
today's
  politicians have sold their subjects into financial slavery, to support their
  promises of growth and overspending.
 
 
 
 

 
 
though not a practical road
      car, the record set by the pac car ii, eth zurich on the 26th of june 2005 remains an astounding achievement in the ev and hydrogen record books, that helps production engineers, look to a theoretical baseline, of what might be achieved if there are no limits:
      14,573 mpg imperial. the event was recorded by the guinness book of world records, an organization that ensures record attempts are properly measured, timed, and otherwise validated for accuracy, before inclusion.

      if this vehicle had been registered for the road in switzerland, it would have taken the
       jvh2 in the vehicles, 'custom' category. but of course the jvh2 did not exist at that time.
      this record was broken in 2018, by  duke
      university electric, at benson, north carolina, usa: 15,200 mpg imperial.
      yes, that is fifteen thousand miles to a gallon of petrol. the secret is hydrogen,
      fuel cells
      and an electric
      drivetrain.
 
 
 
unsustainable
  policies
 
not
  having a solid standard, has led us to borrowing well over the sums a country
  can afford. this is economic madness, based on years of overspending
  to bolster promises that could never be realistically delivered. hence,  liz
  truss(ed up like a turkey) departing  downing street after only 44 days as
  
  prime minister, cluck, clucking from one headless-chicken policy 'u' turn
  to another. but not laying any golden eggs.
 
it
  remains to be seen if  rishi sunack can grab the bull by the horns. but, it is
  not just the uk living on borrowed time. it is just about every government on
  the planet.
  all, borrowing to the hilt. robbing peter to pay paul. all the while stealing
  money from those who have worked all their lives to be able to safely retire.
 
the
  present system is anything but safe. but those with houses going up in value,
  to rob youngsters of a chance for an affordable life, thought they had made a
  lot of cash - as property value growth. forgetting, that they had to live
  somewhere, so had not made any real gains. because what they made on their
  house/estate, they lost in real terms on cash savings devaluing.
 
thus,
  we need energy stability and property stability, linked to a standard exchange
  system linked to  agricultural produce, or sustainable energy.
  at the present time, the voters could move to investing in gold
  and silver,
  and demand wages and salaries in coins of precious metal. such a system would
  be the beginning of system to prevent bankers living off the sweat of the brow
  of honest workers.
 
we
  need an international currency - a currency that is honest, does not lie - and
  cannot be manipulated. gold is gold. silver
  is silver. paper is worthless when it comes to savings. it halves in value
  about every ten years. that leaves stocks and shares. but why gamble your
  savings in that way. might as well invest in crypto currency. more false
  promises. currencies based on nothing but hot air. fool's gold. you cannot eat
  promises.
 
 
 
eevc
      european
      electric vehicle infrastructure convention
 
this
  was an important venue to discuss what is working and to think about ways
      to implement a practical future infrastructure for electric vehicles that
      are battery, fuel cell or hybrid operated, such as statute that perhaps
  should be introduced elsewhere like the automated
  and electric vehicle act 2018.

 




       
 
 

 
model
  1:20 - may
  2021, a model of a proposed service station designed to refuel robotic
  trucks and taxis along with your regular hacks. the unit is shown here with
  two mercedes
  articulated container trucks inside. we cannot show the mechanics of the
  system due to patent
  law prohibiting prior publication. the automated
  & electric vehicle act 2018, makes it law in
  england that provision must be made for charging and refuelling of electric
  vehicles at service stops. this system would more accurately be described as a
  refuelling point - since the energy exchanges for trucks and cars are
  virtually instant. the building can be a quarter this size for city locations
  where space is limited. but for load levelling purposes, the larger the
  capacity of stored electricity,
  the more efficient the grid. copyright photograph © 6 april 2020, cleaner
  ocean foundation.
 




       
 






       




      
aiming
      for a low carbon economy 2040 by electrifying the transport world





       
          
 
       
       
       
       
      

 




       
      
 




           
 
 

 




       




       




      








 




      
 
 
 
 
 
 
copyright
      © website 2023, all rights reserved, save for educational and media
      review purposes. you do not need permission to use our information if it
      is to help promote a low carbon economy. this is a low carbon website that
      loads quickly and is kept as simple as possible while still providing
      useful information. cleaner
      ocean foundation ltd and climate
      change trust. contacts.

 
    








 


