     new ford dealer near me | boerne, tx | ford of boerne                                




                               


















ford of boerne









 service
830-443-7191

sales
 830-280-0472 
commercial
 830-755-3659 
parts
830-266-9249 
español
 830-280-0465


31480 i-h 10 west
boerne, tx 78006
                       
 






service







map







contact





















ford of boerne

 
schedule service


      call 830-280-0472   directions    
                 home   value your trade     mobile service   mobile service   ford pickup & delivery service   schedule appointment     new   search inventory   schedule test drive   work trucks   truck inventory   suv inventory    custom factory order   value your trade   custom shelby vehicles   ford model research     used   search inventory   cpo vehicles   vehicles under 15k   value your trade   used work trucks   ford of boerne certified   why buy used?    ford accessories   fordpass   used work trucks   ford of boerne accessories     specials   monthly specials   pre-owned specials   ford f-150 specials   new vehicle specials   manufacturer specials   service specials   floore's giveaway - lucchese boots   demo specials     quick lane   quick lane   quick lane specials     service / parts   service / parts   parts department   schedule maintenance   service specials   custom trucks welcome/faq's   ford of boerne accessories   tire service   battery service   ford pickup & delivery service    ford mobile service   air conditioning service   diesel repair     finance   finance center   credit application   payment calculator   instant cash offer   business credit application   buying vs. leasing   choosing new vs. used     contact   our dealership   career opportunities   contact us   el toro auto group   hours & directions   community involvement   meet our staff   download our app   our blog   employee portal   privacy policy     hablamos español                   home   home   value your trade     mobile service   mobile service   ford pickup & delivery service   schedule appointment     new   search inventory   schedule test drive   work trucks   truck inventory   suv inventory    custom factory order   value your trade   custom shelby vehicles   ford model research     used   search inventory   cpo vehicles   vehicles under 15k   value your trade   used work trucks   ford of boerne certified   why buy used?    ford accessories   fordpass   used work trucks   ford of boerne accessories     specials   monthly specials   pre-owned specials   ford f-150 specials   new vehicle specials   manufacturer specials   service specials   floore's giveaway - lucchese boots   demo specials     quick lane   quick lane   quick lane specials     service / parts   service / parts   parts department   schedule maintenance   service specials   custom trucks welcome/faq's   ford of boerne accessories   tire service   battery service   ford pickup & delivery service    ford mobile service   air conditioning service   diesel repair     finance   finance center   credit application   payment calculator   instant cash offer   business credit application   buying vs. leasing   choosing new vs. used     contact   our dealership   career opportunities   contact us   el toro auto group   hours & directions   community involvement   meet our staff   download our app   our blog   employee portal   privacy policy     hablamos español         




we buy cars! get an instant cash offer here




    

                                                                                                                           


    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


      search new inventory     search used inventory        









easy financing











special offers











trade appraisal











schedule service




     
    something for everyone  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      suvs & crossovers   trucks & vans   all electric   cars           escape      bronco sport      bronco      edge      explorer      mustang mach-e      expedition          maverick      ranger      transit connect      f-150      super duty      transit      f-150 lightning          mustang mach-e      f-150 lightning          mustang     explore all newmodels           



2025 ford f-150
the new f-150 is purpose-built from the ground up — redesigned to be the toughest, most productive f-150 ever. this is what happens when you merge premium-grade muscle with finely tuned intelligence and design. a beast with brains. a relentlessly tough, high-strength, military-grade, aluminum-alloy body and torture-tested high-strength steel frame with new tech to help you work smarter and harder.


search new inventory







      

ultimate ford service center
regular vehicle maintenance, oil changes, and brake service.
when it's time for vehicle maintenance or repair, visit the ford certified service expert technicians to handle all of your vehicle needs. nobody knows your vehicle better than these trained professionals. from oil changes to engine replacements, it's easy to let the certified service experts take care of everything.
schedule service


 
      



welcome to ford of boerne in texas!
ford of boerne makes finding your ideal new or pre-owned vehicle near you easy. at our dealership in boerne, texas, we offer an impressive selection of new cars for sale. whether you're looking for the rugged power of the
ford f-150 or ford f-250 or the space versatility of the ford explorer, we have something for you. browse our showroom of ford models featuring some of the most advanced systems and capabilities on the market.
we also offer a wide selection of used cars for sale. if you're sticking to a budget, make sure to check out our exclusive special offers, including vehicles for under $15,000.
dealership near san antonio, boerne, kerrville
meet with a team of financial advisors in our finance center. they can get you the best lease or loan rates for your new car. to keep your ford running smoothly for years to come, schedule an appointment for ford service. our service coupons give you exclusive deals on a host of services and repairs.
contact us today by calling (210)-972-1224. 
more about us




     


    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 8:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 8:00pm    sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:30am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 6:00pm    friday 7:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:30am - 3:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:30am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 6:00pm    friday 7:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:30am - 3:00pm    sunday closed  4th of july - service and parts: closed       
     

follow us

                       
     

ford of boerne in boerne, texas
ford of boerne dealership in boerne, texas, was founded in 1979, and we remain one of the premier dealerships in the area to this day. we call ourselves the home of great people, better prices and our commitment to customer service is second to none. we're proud to offer new ford vehicles and used cars near you! 
we have quite a few best-selling car, truck, and suv models here at ford of boerne. the ford f-150 is always a crowd pleaser, and for truck enthusiasts who require even more performance, we sell quite a few ford f-series super duty trucks as well. the suvs are also popular, ranging from the large seven-seat expedition to the more moderately sized explorer and edge models. whether you're seeking one of these or something a little different, we offer the full array of ford models, so we'll be sure to have what you need.
we make the automotive process as easy as possible! you can buy online and shop our inventory 24/7 with our website. our dealership is also offering delivery options for both sales & service. contact us if you're interested in learning more! you can read more about our covid-19 related precautions here. 


quality vehicle service in boerne, texas
our dedication to value doesn't stop with our sales team; we also offer top-quality car service and vehicle maintenance for your car, truck, or suv. in addition, ford of boerne guarantees we have the lowest prices on name-brand tires. for another, our service team is highly trained with loads of experience and always looking for ways to improve. our ford factory-certified master technicians know about the latest models and their care needs and have all the right tools to diagnose and fix any vehicle issues. we have the most certified master diesel technicians in the market, so if your car has the unique needs of a diesel, we can take care of it.


value your trade in boerne, texas
here at ford of boerne, we buy cars! if you're nearby boerne, san antonio, kerrville, comfort or fredericksburg and are thinking of trading in, we're the place to be. our dedicated team uses advanced market analytics and thorough vehicle inspections to provide an accurate and competitive valuation. we understand how transparency and fairness are huge factors in a five-star customer experience, so we will take it step by step, ensuring you are aware of how we arrived at your trade-in value. get the best value for your vehicle with the ford of boerne team.




proud member of our texas community
we love the town of boerne (pronounced bur-nee), situated just north of san antonio, which is why we participate in a number of community events and institutions. for the boerne independent school district, we sponsor an appreciation lunch for the winner of the district's teacher of the year prize, and we also award them with a reserved sign for their special parking spot as well as a year of free vehicle maintenance to thank them for all they do.
we also have the fill the ford with food drive every year around the holiday season during which customers can donate food to fill up the bed of one of our super duty trucks. we then donate the food to hill country family services and hill country daily bread ministries.

    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.
although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include dealer added options, applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.
             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | consent preferences | additional disclosures ford of boerne | 31480 i-h 10 west, boerne, tx 78006 | sales: 830-280-0472 |                

























                