








college of pedorthics of canada - the college of pedorthics of canada













































































































 




skip to content








1.866.819.4354|info@cpedcs.ca 

about the collegescope of practiceboard of directorsfaq’sresourcescontactprotecting the publicc. ped (c) competenciesfor insurerscomplaints and disciplinediscipline decisionsregistrantscode of ethicscpc standardsstandards of professional practicestandards of clinical practicestandards of business practicestandards of supervisionhybrid virtual carecontinuing educationprofessional liability insurancecpc bylawscovid 19registrant communicationsbecoming a pedorthistexamination processexam applicationpedorthic study guide workbookswestern universityfind a pedorthistregistrant login
search for:search button 



 












 


search for:















search for:











 






loading...

















































































college of pedorthics of canadaelizabeth sadler2024-03-21t17:01:28-06:00

college of pedorthics of canada
our mission
the college of pedorthics of canada is the recognized body for regulation and the principal advocate for patient safety, professional standing, and integrity of canadian certified pedorthists.
we ensure that our certified registrants are accountable to high standards of practice through our certification process, the monitoring of continued education and the enforcement of ethical conduct.
what we do
covid-19 recommendation for the college of pedorthic of canada members

the college of pedorthics of canada (cpc) supports the safe practice of certified pedorthist (canada) (c. ped (c)), certified pedorthist master craftsman (c. ped mc), certified orthopaedic footwear specialist (cofs), and certified pedorthic technician (c. ped tech (c)) while adhering to your provincial guidelines.
cpc members must refer to their provincial guidelines (specific to healthcare professionals if applicable) first for best business practices and guidelines for business operations.


newfoundland and labrador
nova scotia
new brunswick
québec
ontario
alberta
british columbia
manitoba
saskatchewan
prince edward island


across the country, mask mandates are changing. therefore, wearing masks indoors in public places may not be required in many provinces. while the cpc recommends that members wear a mask while performing close contact services with patients, the board also believes it is important that we respect the choices of people, businesses and one another so long as choices made do not contradict local and provincial guidelines.
if you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact us.

sincerely, 
the college of pedorthics of canada      





geoff powell
executive director & registrar




volunteer with the cpc!
cpc registrants are encouraged to become involved on one of many cpc committees. earn cep points, build community and be apart of advancing the profession.
cpc volunteer application
cpc volunteer application
download pdf.
land acknowledgement
the college of pedorthics of canada acknowledges that our office is located on the ancestral lands, treaty 1 territory, traditional territory of the anishinaabeg, cree, oji-cree, dakota, and dene peoples, and on the national homeland of the red river métis. with this, we respect the longstanding relationships that indigenous nations have with this land, as they are the original caretakers.




 
 
suite 503 - 386 broadway
winnipeg, manitoba
r3c 3r6t: (866) 819-4354
fax: (877) 947-9767
www.cpedcs.ca
info@cpedcs.ca


 
 
page load link










go to top




