



village crafts & home decor - manufacturer wholesale




















jedicreations™
jedi international, ltd., chiang mai, thailand.
trusted source since 2003.





handmade village crafts and home décor
manufacturer, exporter and wholesale
tuesday, 18 february 2025


 


products
about
enquire

 



 home
 about us
 what's new 
 contact us
 enquire now 
 our products: 
 brelli umbrellas
 hand parasols
 garden umbrellas
 hand fans
 wall fans 
 artist paintings
 banana paper boxes
 coconut handbags
 candles, holders
 greeting cards
 incense sets
 jade necklaces
 mango wood candles
 mango wood vases
 silver jewelry
 soap flowers
 stick pencils, figures
 bamboo hats, sisal
 wire art motorbikes
 wooden games 
 by topic:
 garden
 wedding 
 info:
 your enquiry
 shipping
 service terms 
product dimensions:length x width x heightphoto scale is variable 
 retailers
 distributors
 buyer service
 site map 




 



now for tablet! no app needed!

welcome to our wholesale exports showroom...

jedicreations is your reliable, direct partner for handmade products in northern thailand for over fifteen years. together with our partner artisans and small manufacturing workshops, we hope you'll like our items and could consider their sales potential.
we pay attention to our environment. we practice fair trade. all our items are handmade, and with a few exceptions, we use materials from quickly renewable, natural, local resources.
featured factory wholesale




patio parasols and garden umbrellas




bamboo parasols and sun umbrellas


wholesale categories








hand fans, wedding fansand customized advertising fans with your promotional logo or message. natural air conditioning.
								







greeting cardsenvironmentally responsible. banana paper and mulberry paper. from local, natural, renewable materials.
								







decorative soap flowersexquisitely hand carved in soap. more than twenty flowers types. exceptional artisan craft.
								







banana fiber boxesboxes made of banana fiber and mulberry paper. customize for pos product packaging, too!
								







mango wood vaseswholesale mango wood vases, unique designs, small and large, carved or hand painted.
								







candles n candle holderswholesale mango wood candle holders, bamboo candles, jelly candles and floating candles.
								







wooden games & puzzleseducational and fun wooden board games and puzzles, from jenga to pyramid and chess.
								







incense sets and conesa classy collection of incense cones, sticks and gift sets at amazingly good prices.
								







jade necklaceswholesale jade jewelry from northern thailand. an attractive collection of jade necklaces.
								







wholesale silver jewelrysilver earrings in northern thai style.  silver, enamel bracelets in ethnic lanna style and 
								







garden umbrellaspatio parasols, garden umbrellas in traditional style, durable market umbrellas.
								







hand parasols paper parasols, cotton parasols and transparent  umbrellas made with strong bamboo frames.
								







hats & folding hatsfashionable sisal hats and very practical folding hats made of bamboo. for any occasion in the sun.
								







coconut shell handbagswholesale from the source, nine models to choose from, using renewable natural materials.
								







wire artsuperb wire art motorcycles and wire art aliens. top notch, in exquisite detail, and very good price quality ratio.
								







foon™charactershand-sculpted foon figures. dragons, funny characters and twig pencils with creative animals.
								







original artist paintingsoriginal artist paintings in acrylic from classic to modern. your own motif, hand painted by an artist.
								




we're adding more product lines!   do check back from time to time...
we also supply a broad array of items not listed here or on our web site.

opportunities for importers and distributors:
contact us if you are interested to represent our products in your country. » learn more... 


jedicreations
jedicreations is operated by jedi international, ltd. with its main office in chiang mai, northern thailand.  we are an international exporter and wholesaler and cater to local and international importers, distributors, wholesalers, retailers, and event planners in sales, service and manufacturing sectors.
we offer creative home decor, garden decor, fashion accessories, wedding favors and gift items, toys and games, handmade by artisans of rural northern thailand using local renewable materials, directly from the manufacturer. that is our own workshop and our partner manufacturer artisans. we are in a position to custom manufacture practically all items to your specifications, including personalizing, color matching various products or otherwise customizing our items according to your requirements.

 mango wood candle holders: highly eco-friendly. may we invite you to have look at our new designs, handmade, wholesale mango wood arched candles sets from northern thailand. useful, stylish and inexpensive - just what your customers need. if these  mango wood candle holders with tea lights delight you, there's a good chance your customers will like them, too.
wholesale mango wood candle holders and vases, manufacturer exports directly from northern thailandpurchasing items made of mango tree plantation wood may help save natural forests. 

 bamboo plates, trays and tableware: available in our preview section for regular clients is our special selection of handmade bamboo plates, trays, fruit bowls, coasters and other tableware items that you'll instantly recognize as a unique customer attraction. its the combination of highly attractive tropical design, product quality and low price that will convince your customers. even on a rainy day.
 wind chimes and wind mobiles: we are preparing a full section of hand crafted wind chimes and wind mobiles for our standard portfolio. regular customers can already make their choice and order from product preview. we will add the full section as soon as all showroom details are completed.

 bamboo hand fans, wedding fans: hand held fans, hand fans, paper fans, party fans, wedding favors, handmade with bamboo frame, hand painted, plain colors batik colors, rayon colors, custom designs. advertising hand fans with promotional logo.
 asian wall fans: hand painted folding wall fans, asian wall fans in traditional scenic paintings and modern designs.
 coconut shell handbags: handbags in nine designs from small purses to larger bags. handmade wholesale coconut shell handbags. manufactured by highly skilled home-working craftswomen and men, handmade from renewable and natural cocount shell. items to appreciate.
 banana tree fiber products, boxes and containers: handmade containers of banana fiber and banana tree fiber boxes, tissue paper holders, wc roll holders, desk organisers, gift boxes, product packaging boxes.
 handmade candles: decorative bamboo candles, floating candles and wholesale mango wood candle holders.
 incense sticks, incense cones and sets: a decorative scented selection of aromatic olfactory delights in unique gift-sized packages of wholesale incense sticks, cones and sets that include decorative and practical ceramic holders. packaged as attractive gifts.
 jade necklaces and colliers: handmade jade necklaces in modern and ethnic hill tribe styles, symbolizing good health, prosperity and long life for all ages and all occasions.
 decorative soap flowers: finely hand crafted decorative soap flowers, wholesale, flower blossoms made of soap, in various colors and flower types, displayed in round wooden mango-wood boxes with removable lid, featuring lanna style ethnic design elephant embossing or artful lacquering.
 high quality wire art: wire art motorcycles and aliens, handmade from steel wire with colored and clear plastic linings. a selection of more than 30 models motorcycles and aliens. also vehicle models, bicycle models and other fine wire art items.
 paper parasols and cotton parasols: hand parasols, paper parasols, cotton parasols, cotton waterproofed parasols, rayon parasols from small to large size in plain colors or hand painted designs.
 garden parasols and garden umbrellas: garden parasols, bistro parasols, garden umbrellas and bistro umbrellas, waterproof sun umbrellas and market umbrellas, in design motifs and in plain colors.
 sisal hats, folding bamboo hats: fashionable sun hats, ladies hats, gents hats, unisex hats made of sisal fiber, and folding hats made with bamboo frames.
 lanna ethnic silver jewelry:  handmade silver bracelets with enamel and without enamel motif, in thailand also called longya or longyaa, ethnic northern thai wholesale silver jewelry.
 artist paintings:  paintings by original thai artists in asian motifs from traditional countryside, to modern and buddhist.
 wholesale mango wood vases:  a wide selection of handmade vases hand crafted of fruit plantation mango wood. your customers will appreciate our wholesale mango wood vases in artful shapes, carvings and plain and elaborate painted designs.
 wholesale clearance specials: ready to go items - current wholesale special: special clearance items.


most of our products are manufactured in northern thailand including chiang mai and surrounding provinces, as well as northeastern and southern provinces, in small scale family enterprises, home workshops or village crafts industries, where local renewable and environmentally friendly materials are used.  larger scale orders are produced through effective networking of various local manufacturing workshops. umbrellas and hand fans are produced in our sister workshop, located on the jedicreations premises.
for selected groups we also offer tailor-made economic development tours, visiting rural villages, traditional crafts entrepreneurs and village crafts workshops, their families and related local and international economic development organizations.
jedi international ltd. is also engaged in private sector development and business and market development advice to mostly family-operated small and medium-sized rural businesses, jediconsult - assistance to small and medium enterprises in northern thailand and southeast asia, on our own initiative as well as on behalf of third-party economic development organizations. 
selected sector affiliations:









								member of the chiang mai chamber of commerce
							




selected other affiliations:


















product photography by the jedicreations team.
page last updated on 1 april 2022.

 
 
 
 







				showrooms

hand parasols |
				garden umbrellas |
				folding hand fans |
				folding hats |
				folding wall fans |
				
				artist paintings |
				banana paper boxes |
				coconut handbags |
				candles, holders |

				greeting cards |
				incense sets |
				jade necklaces |

				mango wood candles |
				mango wood vases |

				silver jewelry |
				soap flowers |
				stick pencils, dragons |
				sun & folding hats |

				wire art bikes & aliens |
				wooden games 
what's new |
				jobs |
				mention us
 

				about
retailers |
				distributors |
				buyer support |				
				shipping |						
				service terms |				
				about us |	
				contact us

			this website is powered by wind energy.
			       ^ top  
jedi international, ltd., chiang mai, thailand
			licensed exporter, manufacturer, wholesale supplier, worldwide
			copyright © 2003-2024
 jedicreations™ handmade village crafts and home décor


 
 


