



  


san francisco blog - everything san franciscosan francisco blog | everything san francisco



































skip to main content




san francisco blog

everything san francisco

main menu
contact us
privacy policy
terms and conditions











				giving your room a concrete ceiling touch			

by 		

				concreteinstructor
			
 

				august 10, 2020
			
 



concrete ceiling

a material which is strong, versatile, and durable, concrete is an important component of most landscape. concrete can be found almost everywhere in the globe. for  some reasons people are not fond of having a concrete as their finishing material. maybe it feels so cold. maybe it will appear as a building which still to get that finishing.
but exposed concrete is making a comeback in the last few years. homeowners can now be convinced and are willing to use the exposed concrete to their rooms. often, this is used on the floors. this article will move on the opposite direction and focus on concrete ceiling.
blending
integrating exposed concrete into the stylish and refined scheme of things is much easier than it has been ever thought. for those who are beginning, you need to go on a finish that is tough. a smooth and a well polished exposed concrete ensures that your ceiling blends well with your living room or kitchen. it also adds an airy appeal to the interior. combining a concrete ceiling with a concrete wall with dark metallic surfaces gives your house and industrial living space.
you can also decide on alternative route which help keep your room as neutral as possible. color your background with a white paint and add wooden pieces to bring warmth and usher in a greater textural contrast.
urban apartment
concrete fits effortlessly in revamped apartments and industrial lofts which have been renovated. however, one need to be extra careful when installing exposed raw concrete in modern apartments. using a raw exposed concrete gives the interior a more bound feel.
ensure there is enough natural lighting inside the rooms because having dark spaces and low lighting may dampen the mood in a room with concrete ceiling and give it a dull and gloomy appeal. you should also consider glittering mirrored metallic finishes as well because they come in handy.
industrial expression 
want to have an aesthetic and more industrial ceiling; you should bring in staple elements along with concrete. exposed bring walls looks awesome when coupled with exposed duct pipes and concrete ceiling. how to use well concrete on cold weather and how it effects the overall process.

 

posted in concrete attraction 





				 concrete on cold weather			

by 		

				concreteinstructor
			
 

				august 9, 2020
			
 



concrete on cold weather

at a job site weather conditions can vary from cold or hot, humid or dry. the weather conditions may be different from the condition which was assumed during mixing of the concrete.in cold weather conditions concrete can survive so long as enough precautions are taken to prevent effects of low temperatures.in americas concrete institution they define concreting in cold weather as the period that is more than on three consecutive days the air temperature will go below 40 degrees or for more than 50 degrees for a period of more than a half of an hour in any 24 hour period.
the definition of cold weather in concreting potentially leads to more problems while freezing the concrete at an age. concrete should be preserved from freezing until it reaches the minimum expected strength of 500 pounds and this is only per a square inch which usually happens during the first day. if by any chance concrete freezes before developing enough strength to be able to resist any expansive forces that are brought with freezing water or during when it is still fresh the ice formation that occurs disrupts the paste made of cement and water causing it to get weak.
again, early freezing results in the reduction to up to 50% of its normal strength, concrete is considered very strong and is able to resist any expansions and even damages when it is frozen. concrete temperature during delivery makes it necessary to heat the materials to provide correct temperatures for the concrete to survive but then the use of hot cement in not preferred as the most appropriate while raising the very first concrete temperature.
the process of placing the concrete, consolidating and finishing needs a lot of protecting it.if it is exposed to cold weather that extends the time for the concrete to get to initial set, thus requiring the finishing team to be present. windbreaks are for protecting concrete and the construction workers from the biting winds which cause excess evaporations. consider heated enclosures for protecting the concrete which is also the most expensive.
concrete should never be let to freeze during the initial 24 hours so it should be kept in hot temperatures. when it is covered in insulation probability of losing adequate water which is done to impair concrete curing.it is good to consider using forms as they assist in proper distribution of heat. also it is very crucial to avoid rapid cooling of concrete during heating because it may cause thermal cracking. get tips for curing concrete in cold weather and check which important to keep in your mind.


 

posted in concrete attraction 



categories

concrete attraction




recent posts


giving your room a concrete ceiling touch


 concrete on cold weather



july 2024


m
t
w
t
f
s
s



1234567


891011121314


15161718192021


22232425262728


293031
 



« aug
 
 
 











