



csa welfare fund





































        providing supplemental health care benefits to in-service and
        
        retired supervisors and administrators in the school district of new york city
        
        and to early childhood education directors, assistant directors,
        
        and early childhood education coordinators employed by centers whose
        
        sponsoring boards have recognized csa as the collective bargaining agent.
    

 

40 rector street, 12th floor
new york  ny  10006-1729
telephone: (212) 962-6061
fax: (212) 964-4357



search for:









csa welfare fund

csa retiree welfare fund

dcc/csa welfare fund

new york city benefits

events

news

articles & newsletters

forms, booklets & schedules

benefit providers

financial reports

medicare reimbursement

resources for living

request a voucher

contact us

 




 in-service members should visit csa-nyc.org for more information on their welfare fund benefits. retired members should click on any page above to learn more about the csa retiree welfare fund benefits.

 















 
please see recent uploads below:

click here for the olr’s 2024 fall transfer period employee notice
click here for the olr’s health benefits program – in-service
click here for the olr’s 2024 fall transfer period retiree notice
click here for the olr’s health benefits program – retiree
click here for the csa wf annual financial snapshot
click here for the retiree wf annual financial snapshot


the csa welfare fund (in-service members) provides a variety of benefits that supplement the new york city provided benefits for in-service school supervisors in the nyc school district and their eligible dependents.
the csa retiree welfare fund provides supplemental benefits to those who have retired as supervisors from the city school district or as participants in the csa welfare fund. 
the dcc/csa welfare fund (in-service members) participants are employed by cbo-run early childhood education centers whose sponsoring boards have recognized csa as the collective bargaining agent. retired dcc/csa welfare fund participants may elect to participate in the fund by making the required monthly contribution.

susan barone is the administrator of the csa welfare fund.  the welfare fund team is available to address all questions and concerns from 8:30 am – 4:30 pm, monday through friday at (212) 962-6061 or through a contact form by clicking here.
 

 




comments are closed.







csa welfare fund  | 
csa retiree welfare fund  | 
dcc/csa welfare fund  | 
new york city benefits  | 
events  | 
news  | 
articles & newsletters  | 
forms, booklets & schedules  | 
benefit providers  | 
contact us


© 2025 csa welfare fund











