















graywolf press






















            skip to main navigation
        

            skip to main content
        


taiwan travelogue by yáng shuāng-zǐ, translated by lin king has won the 2024 national book award for translated literature!!!  buy now



x


site search










graywolf press




secondary


donate


search






bookseventslabsupport graywolfabout usboard and staffcontact usjobs and internshipssubmissions


















widgets





publishing voices for the twenty-first century



 







photo credit jenna bascom


graywolf press publishes risk-taking, visionary writers who transform culture through literature.

more about graywolf
support our mission











 










 










 















 

 














a virtuoso literary work. . . . flashbacks and side scenes deepen the story which curls and twines like a thrusting tropical vine through the past, roping in sisters, wives, old lovers, boyhood adventures, and jealousies.
annie proulx








new from graywolf





 










the dissenters

youssef rakha





 










origin stories

corinna vallianatos





 










modern poetry

diane seuss





 










taiwan travelogue

shuang-zi yang, lin king





 










season of the swamp

yuri herrera, lisa dillman





 










an image of my name enters america

lucy ives





 










we're alone

edwidge danticat





 










bluff

danez smith





 










the hormone of darkness

tilsa otta, farid matuk





 










the long run

stacey d'erasmo





 










hold everything

dobby gibson





 










jellyfish have no ears

adele rosenfeld, jeffrey zuckerman


view all books














in the news





 









graywolf press celebrates fifty years of publishing

          graywolf press is proud to announce a series of anniversary events throughout 2024, taking place in new york city, minneapolis, san francisco, chicago, and tucson. read full story »






 









kiprop kimutai wins the graywolf press african fiction prize  for the freedom of birds

          december 11, 2023—graywolf press is pleased to announce that kiprop kimutai is the third winner of the graywolf press african fiction prize. read full story »



























citizen in the classroom
claudia rankine's groundbreaking citizen: an american lyric and other books have inspired programming and sparked conversations in schools, universities, and communities across the country. (photo credit: dp jolly.)
learn more here












 

 














graywolf gave my story a chance when few others would. it's an honor and a privilege to join the roster of this world-class press, committed to disrupting the canon by taking wild, unpopular, beautiful chances.
wayétu moore






















support graywolf


make a gift

					support independent publishing and risk-taking books
				

galley club

					become a sustaining member and get pre-publication books 
				

editor circle

					join our leadership giving circle with a gift of $1,000 or more
				






about graywolf pressgraywolf press publishes risk-taking, visionary writers who transform culture through literature. more about us »


connect with us






facebook


twitter


instagram









graywolf press







 


     latest graywolf news
  


        subscribe
     



© graywolf press, 212 third ave north, unit 485, minneapolis, mn 55401




contact us


privacy









back to table of contents














