


home - association for women in aviation maintenance





























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








add me to mailing listmember login



menuhomemembership individual  corporate  educational scholarships scholarship information scholarship sponsors resourceschapters chapter information bay area central florida gulf coast indianapolis louisville mountain state new york city pacific northwest pakistan piedmont triad  middle east south florida south seattle southern illinois  tidewater western michigan leadership jobs board history donations






awam is proud to announce that our 2025 conference will be held sep 26-28 in irving, tx.

if you're interested in joining us for this inaugural event, please click here for information on the agenda, registration, and lodging.

advocate. educate. inspire.



          join now!                                       welcome to awam!! 


we provide tools for the aviation maintenance community to thrive by staying engaged and connected.  our website is now interactive for our corporate, educational and individual members.  benefits include jobs board, peer-to-peer forums, interests groups and searchable membership directory.  all the while, we remain the same organization established in 1997 helping to promote education, networking opportunities, and scholarships for the aviation maintenance community.




﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿in order to view our wai 2024 photo album, please click on the image in the center of the page. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
﻿﻿do you have pics that you would like us to add to the wai 2024 photo album?  please click the link below to submit them to us.

member photo submissions



awam and wai ?

we are often asked, what are the differences between awam and wai and why should my company support both organizations?

learn more







awam headquarters
2330 kenlee dr
cincinnati, oh. 45230

(386) 416-0248

 











home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









