











home | town of stowe
























































opens in new tab or window 






annual town meeting - march 4, 2025

annual town meeting for the town of stowe and the stowe school district will take place on march 4, 2025 at stowe high school. australian ballot voting will open at 7:00 am and close at 7:00 pm. floor voting will begin at 8:00 am.
click here for budget information and town meeting articles








skip to main content





quick links


homecontact usvisitor information



english select this as your preferred languagefrench select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred language



            select a language to translate to
		




english select this as your preferred languagefrench select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred language









					town of stowe - home - logo
					




menu





search












government

sub-menu

selectboarddevelopment review boardplanning commissionconservation commissionrecreation commissionhistoric preservation commissioncemetery commissionboard of listerslibrary board of trusteeselectric commissionenergy committeearts & culture councilhousing task forceboard of civil authorityboard of abatementvolunteer opportunitiesform of governmentagendas & minutesupcoming meetingspublic meetings calendar

departments
sub-menu

staff directorytown managerassessor & listerselectric departmentemergency managementfinancefire & rescuehealth officerhuman resourceslibrarymountain rescueparks & recreationplanning & zoningpolicepublic workstown clerk & treasurer

services
sub-menu

online paymentssubscribe to vt-alertbanner applicationbirth or death certificateboard & commission vacanciesburn permitcemeteriesdevelopment applicationdriveway entrance permitdog licenseemployment opportunitiesexcess weight permitfireworks permitlibrary accountliquor licenselock box applicationmarriage licensenotary servicesparking informationpassport processingrecreation program registrationreflective address markersrequests for proposalsright-of-way encroachmentsshort-term rental registrationspecial event permitvolunteer opportunitiesvoting informationwater and sewer allocationszoning forms

documents
sub-menu

website searchagendas & minutesselectboard packetsordinances & policiesbudget informationcode of ethicsopen meeting lawpending drb applicationsgrand list and assessmentsparcel & zoning mapofficial election warnings

rfps & bids











home



online payments





voting & elections





meeting calendar





agendas & minutes





zoning forms





contact us





employment opportunities





vt-alert sign up





news













roadwork - week of november 11
published on november 07, 2024
the town of stowe will be conducting roadwork on sterling valley road and weeks hill road the week of november 11.










halloween road closures
published on october 30, 2024
maple street will be closed between main street and west hill road from 5:00pm to 8:00pm on thursday, october 31 for halloween activities.









stowe 2050 community survey
published on october 23, 2024
stowe 2050 is a community planning project that will help inform our next town plan. we want to hear from many people about what’s great now and what would make stowe a better place to live, work, play, and visit. this survey will help shape town projects, policy, and investments.









no signs in the right-of-way
published on september 19, 2024
signage is prohibited within state or town highway rights-of-way, as well as on utility poles, sign posts, or guardrails. this fall, please ensure that any signs are located on private property outside of the right-of-way, which is generally 25 feet from the center line of the road.









traffic advisory - main street
published on september 19, 2024
main street in stowe will be closed friday, september 20 from 5:45pm to 9:30pm for the british invasion block party. there will be no parking on main street and park street after 5:00pm.




view more news



events







	no results found. please try again later.




view more events






stowe 2050 - get involved!
vermont towns must update their town plans every eight years, and stowe will approve its next one in 2026. stowe 2050 is a community planning project led by the town of stowe and stowe planning commission. click here to learn more!









parks and paths
stowe has a number of parks, walking paths, and hiking trails for residents and visitors to enjoy. click here to learn more.









roadwork awareness
the highway department is always busy repairing, improving, grading, or plowing the over 100 miles of municipal roads in stowe. please be mindful of roadwork operations, for your safety as well as ours!









stowe declaration of inclusion
the town of stowe welcomes all persons, regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, family status, age, or ability, and wants everyone to feel safe and welcome in our community. click here to learn more.









be bear aware!
seeing a black bear is an exciting and memorable experience. when visiting, recreating, or living in or near black bear country, it is always important to be aware that you may encounter a bear at any time.








back to top








contact us
footer logo
p.o. box 730
67 main st
stowe, vt 05672
p: (802) 253-7350
e: townhall@stowevt.gov
 
 
cover photo by teresa merelman.

quick links
 

visitor information




town manager




town clerk




planning & zoning




employment




contact us




subscribe to updates
 

click here














                                    © 2025 town of stowe | powered by granicus











