     george ballentine ford | new & used ford dealership in greenwood, sc, serving laurens, greenville, abbeville, & mccormick                            



                                  george ballentine ford inc.        sales 866-795-4164    service 864-223-6656  parts 864-223-6656      1305 highway 72 bypassgreenwood, sc 29649                         service        map        contact                       george ballentine ford inc.               call 866-795-4164   directions                  home   home   2024 ford maverick     new ford   search inventory   in stock vehicles   manager's picks   custom order   featured new vehicles   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   model showroom   ford protect     electric vehicles   electric vehicles   certified pre-owned overview     used   search inventory   price drop specials!   featured used vehicles   vehicles under $15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   mobile service   schedule service   quick lane®   tires   fordpass     specials   price drop specials!   new vehicle specials   manager's picks   regional incentives   used vehicle specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   service department   schedule service appointment   order parts     collision center   collision center   schedule body shop appointment     finance   finance department   start your buying process   credit application   payment calculator   value your trade   vehicle protection products      about   our dealership   meet our staff   customer reviews   ford dealer near abbeville, sc   ford dealer near mccormick, sc   dealer information   hours & directions     research   research   2025 ford bronco sport coming soon   2025 ford expedition coming soon   2025 ford mustang gtd coming soon   2025 ford ranger coming soon   2025 ford bronco   2025 ford e-series cutaway   2025 ford escape   2025 ford explorer   2025 ford explorer st   2025 ford maverick   2025 ford mustang   2024 ford bronco raptor coming soon   2024 ford e-transit coming soon   2024 ford f-150 lightning coming soon   2024 ford f-150 raptor coming soon   2024 ford mustang mach-e coming soon   2024 ford bronco    2024 ford edge   2024 ford escape plug-in hybrid   2024 ford expedition   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford f-650/750    2024 ford ranger   2024 ford super duty   2024 ford transit   ford fuel choices     careers                   home   home   2024 ford maverick     new ford   search inventory   in stock vehicles   manager's picks   custom order   featured new vehicles   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   model showroom   ford protect     electric vehicles   electric vehicles   certified pre-owned overview     used   search inventory   price drop specials!   featured used vehicles   vehicles under $15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   mobile service   schedule service   quick lane®   tires   fordpass     specials   price drop specials!   new vehicle specials   manager's picks   regional incentives   used vehicle specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   service department   schedule service appointment   order parts     collision center   collision center   schedule body shop appointment     finance   finance department   start your buying process   credit application   payment calculator   value your trade   vehicle protection products      about   our dealership   meet our staff   customer reviews   ford dealer near abbeville, sc   ford dealer near mccormick, sc   dealer information   hours & directions     research   research   2025 ford bronco sport coming soon   2025 ford expedition coming soon   2025 ford mustang gtd coming soon   2025 ford ranger coming soon   2025 ford bronco   2025 ford e-series cutaway   2025 ford escape   2025 ford explorer   2025 ford explorer st   2025 ford maverick   2025 ford mustang   2024 ford bronco raptor coming soon   2024 ford e-transit coming soon   2024 ford f-150 lightning coming soon   2024 ford f-150 raptor coming soon   2024 ford mustang mach-e coming soon   2024 ford bronco    2024 ford edge   2024 ford escape plug-in hybrid   2024 ford expedition   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford f-650/750    2024 ford ranger   2024 ford super duty   2024 ford transit   ford fuel choices     careers             



   104 vehicles available    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       




                                                                                                disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                 
















      search new inventory     search used inventory        







new vehicles
view our new inventory.



new vehicles













used vehicles
view our used inventory.



used vehicles













specials
check out our latest special offers.



view specials






        ford lineup     mustang        mustang mach-e        edge        escape        expedition        explorer        bronco        bronco sport        f-150        maverick        ranger        transit cargo van        transit connect wagon        e-transit cargo van        super duty pickup              shop certified        
       


sales hours
    monday 9:00am - 6:30pm    tuesday 9:00am - 6:30pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:30pm    thursday 9:00am - 6:30pm    friday 9:00am - 6:30pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm     sunday closed    
service hours
    monday 8:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 6:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 1:00pm     sunday closed    

 

welcome to george ballentine ford in greenwood, sc
when george ballentine ford was founded back in 1950 by george ballentine sr., the goals were clear: to create a family-owned dealership that focused entirely on the customer and to offer a quick and hassle-free experience. almost seven decades and numerous sales and service awards later, it's safe to say that his initial vision was fulfilled. so, if you live in the greenwood area and you want to purchase a new or pre-owned ford or if your car needs maintenance, there's no better dealership to visit.
learn more
       follow us on social media                      







     
new ford dealership in greenwood, sc with used cars & trucks, service & parts
ballentine ford in greenwood, sc – near laurens, greenville, abbeville, and mccormick – is home to a great lineup of new and used vehicles, helpful financing, and exceptional service. whether you walk through our doors knowing precisely which new ford you want or need some assistance locating the perfect certified pre-owned vehicle, our team is here to answer all of your questions and provide help every step of the way. once you select which new or used vehicle you’ll drive home in, one of our expert finance advisors will pore over all of the options to secure a budget-friendly new auto loan or lease for you. after that, you get to head home in your new ride! when the time comes to service your vehicle, you can take advantage of our knowledgeable and efficient service department. our factory-trained technicians have the skills needed to provide outstanding care to your vehicle. through every moment of your car-buying experience, our team will be on hand to give you friendly, well-informed assistance. we promise to treat you as part of our family each time you interact with us.
new ford vehicles in greenwood, sc
nothing feels finer than driving home in a brand-new vehicle, and ballentine ford in greenwood, sc – near laurens, greenville, abbeville, and mccormick – can make that happen quickly and affordably. we have a large inventory of new fords to suit all kinds of interests and budgets. if you’re looking for a sleek car, we have an incredible lineup that includes the ford fiesta, ford fusion, and ford mustang. for outstanding capability and durability, you don’t want to miss our diverse range of suvs, including the ford ecosport, ford escape, ford edge, ford flex, ford explorer, and ford expedition. those in need of powerful abilities everywhere they go will want to look into our pickup trucks and cargo vans inventory, like the ford ranger, ford f-150, ford super duty, ford transit, and ford transit connect. whichever new ford you like best, we’re here to help.
certified pre-owned ford vehicles in greenwood, sc
if you love excellent deals and top-notch vehicles, look no further than the inventory of certified pre-owned (cpo) ford models at ballentine ford in greenwood, sc – near laurens, greenville, abbeville, and mccormick. cpo models offer an incredible value. they come with lower mileage than a standard used vehicle and must pass thorough inspections with strict criteria before they can qualify. should you decide to purchase a cpo ford, you’ll get helpful benefits that include comprehensive limited warranty coverage, a carfax® vehicle history report™, and complimentary roadside assistance. the advantages are clear, so check out our cpo inventory today!
used cars & trucks in greenwood, sc
those in the market for a reliable used car or truck at an excellent price will love the options they find at ballentine ford in greenwood, sc – near laurens, greenville, abbeville, and mccormick. we have an extensive lineup of choices that are sure to suit nearly any lifestyle and budget. these exciting vehicles are sourced from a diverse range of automakers that you know and trust. you’ll have your pick of used cars, pickup trucks, suvs, and much more. hurry in today to find your next used car or truck, because these deals go fast.
new ford auto loans & used car financing in greenwood, sc
figuring out the fine print of your new auto loan or lease can be tough, but ballentine ford in greenwood, sc – near laurens, greenville, abbeville, and mccormick – is on hand to provide expert guidance. our financial advisors are well equipped to assist you in gaining a comprehensive understanding of your finance agreement. they’ll also work diligently to ensure that you receive a new auto loan or lease with payments that work for your budget, as well as the lowest interest rate available to you. we’ll make sure that you get in and out of the dealership quickly so you can get on the road and enjoy your new vehicle right away. to make this process even more efficient, we invite you to fill out our online finance application before coming in. it won’t be long before you head home in an exciting new or new-to-you car!
ford service, auto repairs & parts in greenwood, sc
help your vehicle operate in peak condition by taking advantage of routine maintenance and more at the ballentine ford service department in greenwood, sc – near laurens, greenville, abbeville, and mccormick. our factory-trained automotive technicians have the skills needed to provide outstanding care to your vehicle. they’ll diagnose and solve any problems your car might be facing with ease, efficiency, and accuracy. whether you’re in need of a routine visit like an oil change or tire rotation or a more complex engine or transmission fix, we’re here to give you the help you need at rates that won’t break the bank.
visit ballentine ford in greenwood, sc, near laurens, greenville, abbeville, & mccormick
ballentine ford in greenwood, sc – near laurens, greenville, abbeville, and mccormick – can’t wait to assist you with all of your automotive needs. our dealership is conveniently located at 1305 highway 72 bypass, greenwood, sc 29649. we’re open monday through saturday and look forward to meeting you!
    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.
although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. internet price includes all offers and incentives. price excludes $225 dealer closing fee. sc infrastructure maintenance fee, tax, title and license, are not included in the price. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.
consent option: by providing contact information and submitting form, both primary and secondary buyer(s) give permission to ballentine auto to enroll them in their vip club. buyer(s) agree to receive automated informational and marketing text, emails and phone calls from dealership or assigns. message and data rates may apply. buyer(s) should average 3 texts per month. reply “end” to any text to discontinue receiving text messages.
             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures george ballentine ford inc. | 1305 highway 72 bypass, greenwood, sc 29649 | sales: 866-795-4164 |                



















              