







andy biggs

































































































cart
















0
















              about
            

              safaris
            

            journal
          

              photography
            

              contact
            












































































cart
















0











aboutsafarisjournalphotographycontact


















scroll






  

a life worth livingalways includes the scenic route.

           







 









  

effortless adventureandy biggs safaris & custom travel is a leader in luxury travel to africa, india and points beyond.for nearly 20 years, andy’s passion for wildlife, conservation, photography and adventure has translated into an unparalleled travel services company. our high level of personal service, in-depth knowledge and years of experience assure you an effortless adventure where you will be taken care of each and every step of the way.︾ 

  





















































 safaris



║  



photography



║  



contact









 

meet andy20 years of capturing the momentandy biggs is an avid adventurer, conservationist, teacher and outdoor photographer whose images celebrate the african landscape and its rich wildlife, people, and culture. with a deep respect and understanding for african wildlife, andy unfolds the world of the serengeti, the okavango delta and other wildlife-rich destinations with striking emotional depth. he offers custom safari planning and themed, scheduled safaris several times per year.




    learn more
  

  









   




  














































  




  

featured safaris

 











ultimate boswana okavango detla safari
december 2025. join us on a small-group private safari as we travel into the okavango delta of botswana. we have planned this ultimate okavango delta safari for those who want the best of the best safari imaginable.read more



 









home - overview



home - effortless adventure



home - safari adventure gallery



home - services menu



home - meet andy biggs



home - instagram



home - featured safaris












313-509-8399
info@andybiggs.com


hours


 









 

aboutsafarisphotographycontact




newslettersign up for my newsletter. yes! sign me up →



instagram






























explore


































 

  © 2023, andy biggs safaris & custom travel. all rights reserved.  |  privacy  |  terms & conditions | back to top 









