

















interlachen pediatrics | child health care in oviedo and maitland









    skip to main content
  






main navigation







            menu
            









our offices


about & mission


locations & office hours


our physicians & staff


make a payment online




new patients


services & policies


patient portal


insurance plans


forms




medical conditions


patient education


care of the newborn infant


infant-childhood information


adolescent health


nutrition & healthy lifestyle choices


vaccine information


links


news




careers


reviews
































treating every child as our own.
delivering the highest level of  pediatric healthcare to our patients and their families.
make an appointment
patient portal











          appointments 407.767.2477




          patient portal connect securely with us >















is this your first visit?
we're here to make it easy, use the resources below to get started
















services & policies
as a pediatric medical home, we strive to provide the best care for your child. 
view all services











new patient information
we're excited you have selected interlachen pediatrics to care for your child. we look forward to getting to know your family. we have put together some helpful information about our office.
get started











frequently asked questions
planning for the birth of your child is a busy time. we’re here to answer your questions.
find the answers













meet our physicians
providing 30+ years of the highest quality pediatric care in central florida.




dr. sam smith
do, pediatrician
36 years of experience
dr. smith, a native of orlando, received his b.s. degree from the university of central florida. he completed his medical training at the southeastern college of osteopathic medicine in miami. 





dr. emily aguilar
md, pediatrician
26 years of experience
dr. aguilar, originally from rochester, n.y, joined interlachen pediatrics in 2001. following completion of her medical degree, she continued her postgraduate training at arnold palmer hospital in orlando. 





dr. julie ward
do, pediatrician
22 years of experience
dr. ward was born in jacksonville, fl and completed her undergraduate degree at florida state university. she joined interlachen pediatrics in 2001. 





dr. melanie emmert
md, pediatrician
21 years of experience
melanie h. emmert, m.d., was born in frankfort, ky. following her education at the university of kentucky college of medicine, she completed pediatric residency training at arnold palmer hospital. 





dr. gabriela roitman
md, pediatrician
34 years of experience
dr. roitman received her medical degree from the university of buenos aires medical school. she began private practice pediatrics in kentucky in 1995, before relocating to orlando in 1997. 





dr. sareh dyer
md, pediatrician
12 years of experience
dr. dyer was born in jacksonville, fl. she received her undergraduate degree right here in orlando at the university of central florida and went to medical school at florida state university. dr. dyer joined interlachen pediatrics in 2015.  





dr. melissa velarde
md, pediatrician
11 years of experience
dr. velarde was born in venezuela and moved to south florida at the age of 9. she is fluent in both english and spanish. dr. velarde completed her medical training at  florida state university.  





dr. william beckman
do, pediatrician
11 years of experience
dr. beckman  was born in little rock, ar and raised right here in seminole county, fl.  





dr. sharina vidal
do, pediatrician
5 years experience
dr. vidal was born in barranquilla, colombia and moved to orlando at the age of 5. she's fluent in both english and spanish. 



view full staff















































our offices
two convenient locations servicing the greater orlando area.



oviedo
1000 w. broadway
suite 100
oviedo, fl 32765 (directions)
p: 407-767-2477
f: 407-767-1627





maitland
846 lake howell rd.
maitland, fl 32751 (directions)
p: 407-767-2477
f: 407-767-1627


view office hours
















welcome to the practice!
we are pleased to announce that nurse practitioner alexandra “allie” armstrong will be joining ou ... read more

view all news














our offices

our offices menu


about & mission


locations & office hours


our physicians & staff


contact us


make a payment online





online services

our services menu


contact us


make an online payment


patient portal


reviews








all content copyright © 2025 interlachen pediatrics. orlando web design by designzillas. privacy practices.















































