





funeral directors glasgow | funerals glasgow | desmond maguire


















































		skip to content













					desmond maguire funeral directors
				

 





contact useco funeralsfuneral directors barrheadfuneral directors bearsdenfuneral directors bishopbriggsfuneral directors bothwellfuneral directors cambuslangfuneral directors clydebankfuneral directors east kilbridefuneral directors giffnockfuneral directors milngaviefuneral directors neilstonfuneral directors newton mearnsfuneral directors paisleyfuneral directors pollokfuneral directors renfrewfuneral directors rutherglenfuneral directors uddingstonfuneral fleetfuneral homefuneral prepaymentsheadstones and memorialshomeour historyour staffpricingrepatriationreviewsimple funeralssitemaptestimonialstraditional funeralswhen someone dies 







 










					desmond maguire funeral directors
				

 







main menu

 









contact useco funeralsfuneral directors barrheadfuneral directors bearsdenfuneral directors bishopbriggsfuneral directors bothwellfuneral directors cambuslangfuneral directors clydebankfuneral directors east kilbridefuneral directors giffnockfuneral directors milngaviefuneral directors neilstonfuneral directors newton mearnsfuneral directors paisleyfuneral directors pollokfuneral directors renfrewfuneral directors rutherglenfuneral directors uddingstonfuneral fleetfuneral homefuneral prepaymentsheadstones and memorialshomeour historyour staffpricingrepatriationreviewsimple funeralssitemaptestimonialstraditional funeralswhen someone dies 









 

funeral directors glasgow
at desmond maguire funeral directors we pride ourselves on our high standard of personal care and attention to detail. all our staff are fully trained in all aspects of funeral service so that families in their time of need can feel at ease and comfortable with all funeral arrangements. our company policy is that the member of staff who makes the funeral arrangements will be in sole charge of overseeing the funeral ensuring that the all details are adhered to faultlessly.
all our funeral directors are dressed impeccably with top hats and frock coats. we pace away all funeral corteges from the family home, churches and our funeral homes. our funeral homes are furnished to a high standard with a tasteful blend of modern and traditional. we have reception areas, private arrangement offices and chapels of rest and service rooms in all our funeral homes. our funeral homes are ideally located to serve the local community.

 

 

				our services
traditional funerals
simple funerals
eco funerals
repartriation
headstones and memorials




			our story
		when desmond maguire started washing funeral cars at 15 years old, it didn’t take him long to notice how important a good funeral could be for a grieving family. inspired to help those in need, desmond took a job as a funeral service operative when he finished school. he gradually worked his way through the ranks to become a funeral director and in june 2006, he decided to open his own funeral home, aiming to deliver the very best funeral care. a funeral is such a personal thing, and there are so many complex emotions to be given due attention, that to be chosen so often is a real honour and a privilege. it’s a constant source of pride and humility for desmond that so many families entrust their funerals into his company’s care. 

funerals glasgow
 
desmond maguire funeral directors are a respected, traditional, family-run service business. our team are highly-experienced, our services extremely courteous, and our clients can trust that their loved ones will be respected, honoured, and commemorated with dignity and with a much-personalised service.
our company motto is “giving the best to the end”. a phrase passed on as words of wisdom from the then, father. john keenan, who in 2014, was appointed the position of the bishop of paisley.
desmond maguire funeral directors are highly regarded within local communities, and by peers around the country, beyond glasgow.
we are members of the society of allied and independent funeral directors. (s.a.i.f).
glasgow funerals 
desmond maguire funeral directors provides a range of bespoke funeral services to families in glasgow.

traditional funerals
simple funerals
eco funerals
repatriation
headstones and memorials

each funeral is meticulously planned. every aspect is diligently taken care of with a single point of contact. our staff are all highly-experienced in funeral planning. our company policy is for the staff member arranging the funeral to be the point of contact throughout the funeral planning stages. having a single point of contact ensures every funeral receives the personal attention it so rightly deserves. our funeral planner will chat with you, create plans, discuss the funeral cortege, the most suitable type of coffin for your loved one, and the particulars required to make the service as personal and memorable as possible.
all parts of the process are handled with the utmost respect. from the initial transportation from the place of death to our chapel of rest, a hearsette is used, rather than a private ambulance.
our objective is to deliver the highest level of service with dignity and respect to everyone entrusted into our care.
courteous service in glasgow at your convenience
 
when a loved one passes, we understand the grieving process, that stresses are high, and the stress of arranging a funeral can be overwhelming.
we provide a thorough, respectful service at all times and we can travel to your family home to discuss funeral arrangements. telephone support is available 24/7. appointments can be made for us to visit you at a time that is convenient.
complete funeral packages including traditional funeral cortege
at desmond maguire funeral directors, glasgow, we have a fleet of funeral vehicles, all maintained to immaculate standards. our hearse drivers and funeral cortege staff are experienced in leading a funeral precision through the busy streets of glasgow at a respectful pace, allowing time for local residents in the community to pay their respects as the funeral cortege leaves from the family home, local church, or our funeral home to make its way to the final resting destination.
each of our limousines & hearses are coach-built to our specification by the leading uk mercedes coachbuilder, duffy coachbodies. our limousines have been modified to include air-tight divisions between the front and rare, ensuring families travel safely to and from funerals in and around glasgow.
each of our funerals in glasgow are tailored to each individual funeral plan. we will always do our best to accommodate. this can include sourcing alternative transportation such as a horse-drawn hearse, or a motorcycle hearse.
for tailored professional assistance with funeral planning in glasgow, contact desmond maguire funeral directors, glasgow office on 0141 424 0300.
highest standards
family-run business
personal service
						“my dad’s funeral was tailor-made to our wishes, even the ones we felt foolish for, and was orchestrated with respect and professionalism.”
ms mcglynn, busby
						“their customer care was unsurpassed and extended to home visits before and after the service.”
ms mcglynn, busby
														previous
														next
a funeral service is a precious experience, bringing all the family and friends of the deceased together to remember them and say goodbye.
call us today on




 









