


















police  | hendersonville, tn








 















skip to main content






















 










   





 
 



  
 












search







 
 
 



    your government      our residents      services      doing business      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 






 














 





property maintenance information




records requests 





alarm registration 




background checks 




incident and crash reports




letter of trespass 




miscellaneous 




record fees 




video & audio requests 






report an illegal short-term rental 




request traffic enforcement 




unwanted solicitation





do not solicit registry 






police explorers program




santa cop program





 




 
homeyour governmentdepartmentspolice 












police 		





   
 
 
 





mission statementit is the mission of the hendersonville police department to protect the rights of persons, within its jurisdiction, to be free from crime and disorder, to be secure in their possessions, and live in peace without fear. it is the department’s role to enforce the law in a fair and impartial manner, recognizing both the statutory and judicial limitations of police authority and the constitutional rights of all persons.through community oriented policing, the hendersonville police department strives to ensure that services provided are of the highest standards. the department accomplishes this by providing high visibility patrols, aggressive law enforcement, a sincere response to each citizen’s request, establishing clear communication from the citizen to the police department, through community and personal interaction, acting upon the citizen’s need for service, and maintaining a daily working relationship to minimize problems within our community.members of the hendersonville police department are dedicated to maintaining the highest ideals of honesty, integrity and sound judgment, and always striving to improve the quality of life within the city of hendersonville.



 
 
 





 






contact us



police department

physical address
view map 
3 executive park drive
hendersonville, tn 37075








3 executive park drive  hendersonville tn 37075


directions


phone: 615-822-1111
emergency phone: 911


see our directory for specific department contact information.


directory




  
 
 





how to request an officerduring an emergencydial 911 in an emergency. your call will be directed to our countywide emergency communications center.need an officer at locationdial 615-451-3838. use this option if you need an officer to respond to your location.speak to the desk officerdial 615-822-1111 to speak with a desk officer. choose this option if you need to file a report or have other general questions.



 
 
 





 














agendas & minutesthe latest information on city committee meetings








city codehendersonville municipal code and regulations










 
 














notify mesign up to stay connected!








trash & recyclingguidelines and details on trash service in hendersonville










 
 














report a concernlet us know how we can help!








budgetbudget and overview










 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







101 maple drive northhendersonville, tn 37075phone: 615-822-1000hoursmonday through friday:8 am to 4:30 pm
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







board of mayor & aldermen



trash & recycling



report a concern



notify me



parks, greenways, bike & pedestrian trails



job openings









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









