






certified natural health professional program





















































































practitioner directory
  
división español
  
trinity connect
  
canvas login
  
student login   












toggle navigation











programs 

all programs

certified health coach
certified natural health professional
certified holistic health practitioner
certified traditional naturopath

advanced biblical studies
certified aromatherapy specialist
certified biblical coach
certified clinical homeopathic specialist
certified endocannabinoid professional
certified facial analysis master
certified flower essence specialist
certified holistic fitness specialist
certified lyme specialist
certified master herbalist
certified master iridologist
certified nutritional consultant
certified zyto specialist
mind-body integration specialist
wellness business essentials

spanish division


resources

anwpb prep course
calendar - academic 2025
calendar - 2025 term start
graduate listing
scholarships
thriving 4 health bookstore
trinity merchandise store


explore

blog
health articles
health library
health videos
testimonials
graduate spotlight
lectures on demand


events 

all events

trinity live

trinity health freedom expo

trinity school virtual race


about

about trinity
faqs

board of directors
enrollment team
our instructors
our staff
bbb

info

practitioner directory
división español
trinity connect
contact
blog
lectures on demand
request info
faqs
canvas login
trinity store
student login 











programs start every 4 weeks.  call an enrollment specialist today at 800-428-0408, option 2. 






 chat now!









the certified natural health professional (cnhp) program is an excellent stand-alone certificate for those who wish to apply core naturopathic concepts to their own lives or help others in private practice, wellness center, or a natural products retail business. it also serves as the starting point for students who would like to complete our more advanced certified holistic health practitioner (chhp) program.
         
         this curriculum focuses on how to apply natural health foundations to support a healthy body, mind, and spirit.

        emphasis is placed on understanding the human organ systems and what it takes to promote optimal health, from the inside out, as well as the lifestyle choices and recommendations necessary to care for yourself, your family, and your community.



now taking enrollments for the march 3, 2025 class start. call an enrollment specialist at 800-428-0408, option 2, or click the button below to enroll.









upon completion of this program, you may work as a certified natural health professional with your certificate from trinity. you may also board certify with the following accreditor and choose an additional title.

american association of natural wellness practitioners (aanwp) — board certified natural wellness practitioner, board certified christian wellness practitioner, or board certified functional wellness professional
health coach alliance (hca) — registered health coach (must complete both hc and cnhp) or registered health & nutrition counsellor (must complete hc, cnhp, and chhp)
international association of natural health practitioners (ianhp) — registered natural health practitioner















what you will learn

the rich history of natural health and the legalities of operating as a natural health professional
human anatomy and physiology, the requirements of each body system, and how to support them naturally
foundational recommendations, such as nutrition, hydration, exercise, sleep, or emotional and spiritual balance, which are necessary for all human beings
methods to support proper nutrition and elimination of waste
traditional naturopathic techniques, including ph balancing, herbology, iridology, homeopathy, bach flowers, aromatherapy, and physical observations (face, tongue, and nail analysis)
how to incorporate natural health principles in your own home with guidelines for shopping, cooking, cleaning, pet care, and first aid
how to conduct client consultations and assessments, and make safe, legal recommendations
simple business and marketing strategies to help start and advance your professional career







learn. demonstrate. transform.
our courses are delivered through the online learning management system, canvas. each week students receive lecture material in the form of voiced powerpoint presentation, video, or reading assignment.  students participate in weekly discussions and activities which provide practical application of their skills and offers peer interaction and instructor feedback. progress is documented in weekly quizzes and a comprehensive final examination at the completion of each 4-week course. at the end of the cnhp program, students submit case studies and participate in a practicum. through case studies, students are assessed on their interpretation of the client’s data and suggested recommendations. during the practicum, students are assessed on their competency of the technical skills pertaining to their designation. within the practicum, students also complete a comprehensive certification exam.








 estimated time of completion: 40 weeks 
    


pay in full
installments


pay in full: $4,275  ($4,500 - 5% paid in full discount)make a one-time payment of $4,275 and avoid the hassle of making payments. when you pass each course, you'll move into the next course without delay.    
canvas access to weekly modules is included in your tuition.
books and supplies may be purchased through our affiliate partner, thriving 4 health.



installments start at $400/monthtotal price: $4,500there's no need to wait. start your education now with a $400 down payment. interest-free monthly payment plans starting as low as $400 per month. when you pass each course and make on-time payments, you'll move into the next course without delay.to participate in the online practicum, 75% ($3,375) of your tuition must be paid. in order to graduate, all payments must be made.
    canvas access to weekly modules is included in your tuition.
    books and supplies may be purchased through our affiliate partner, thriving 4 health.
additional payment plans may be available. call 800-428-0408, option 2, for details.



enroll









coursesnh100: foundations of natural healthhp110: body structures and functionshp120: human biological systemshp130: the cornerstones of healthhp140: feeding & cleansing the bodyhp150: introduction to naturopathic techniqueshp160: home carehp170: functional client analysishp180: cnhp case studieshp190: cnhp practicum


after completing the prerequisite course, nh100, a student enters the hp110-170 rotation. these courses are independent of each other and may be taken out of order, depending on which course is being offered that term.
after passing nh100 and hp110-170, case studies will be completed. 
after successfully completing case studies and reaching the payment requirements, students will participate in the online practicum. during the practicum, a comprehensive certification exam is administered. 






enroll today
























home
events
programs
scholarship


videos
bookstore
graduate list
graduate spotlight


faqs
about
contact
request info




© 2025 trinity school of natural health™
statements made on this website have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. products and services sold on this website are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. (more)


consent preferences   privacy policy     cookie policy     terms of use     acceptable use policy    disclaimer








