















fsi | spice - stanford lesson plans, teacher pd & online courses



















skip to main content
skip to main navigation









stanford university


















spice is a program of the freeman spogli institute for international studies.










menu


close





search












teaching resources

close menu
open menu



lesson plans


free multimedia resources


visual arts & documentary film


scholars corner


spice digest




teacher programs

close menu
open menu



summer institute for middle school teachers


virtual seminar for high school teachers


fellowship for teachers in hawaii


community college programs




student programs

close menu
open menu



china scholars program


reischauer scholars program


sejong korea scholars program


u.s.–china co-lab on climate solutions


stanford e-china


stanford e-japan


stanford e-entrepreneurship japan


local programs in japan




news


about

close menu
open menu



meet the staff


join mailing list


support spice


contact us





















spice home



















stanford program on international and cross-cultural education
committed to making stanford scholarship on global issues accessible to k–12 and community college educators and students.







lesson plans & teaching resources

we draw upon stanford university's diverse research, top faculty, and best scholarship to develop effective lesson plans and teaching resources on international topics.


  learn about our teaching resources




professional development for teachers

we run free teacher pd throughout the year, including seminars, summer institutes, and fellowships for middle school teachers, high school teachers, and community college instructors.


  learn about our teacher programs




online courses for students

we introduce college-level scholarship on global issues to high school students in the united states, japan, and china through interactive, synchronous online courses.


  learn about our student programs























  news



  applications open for the 2025 stanford/spice east asia seminars for teachers in hawai‘i

















  news



  between individuality and collective good

















  news



  2025 spice/ncta virtual east asia seminar for high school teachers: now accepting applications!

















  publication



  new discussion guide: "russia's invasion of ukraine: what everyone should know and why you should (still) care"

















  publication



  new lesson: why is multicultural literature important to young americans?

















  publication



  new discussion guide: "korea gone global: k-pop and technologies of soft power"
























            curriculum spotlight: the partition
      

            the 1947 partition of india and pakistan was a complex and tragic event with profound and lasting consequences for the region. this free lesson introduces students to the partition and equips them with tools for understanding and analyzing conflict.
      


  access free film and teacher's guide
















    rsp: student reflections
  






spotlight: pre-collegiate global learning

the reischauer scholars program (rsp) is spice's longest-running online course for high school students. through an interactive online learning experience, students receive a broad overview of japan with a special focus on the u.s.–japan relationship and engage with top scholars, ambassadors, and experts from the united states and japan. in addition to the rsp, spice offers a range of online courses for high school students. our national courses provide students with opportunities to learn about the world from different perspectives and to interact with likeminded students from across the united states, japan, or china.
























            diversity, equity, and inclusion
      

            envisioning and educating for a more just and inclusive future.
      


  view updates









featured lesson plans

our lesson plans are content-rich, standards-aligned, and backed by the best stanford scholarship available.


  view full catalog
























uncovering north korea

      north korea remains one of the most misunderstood and misrepresented countries in the united states. american students largely remain uneducated about north korea, lacking the proper context with which to understand and interpret today's current events. this curriculum unit seeks to fill this gap and strives to bring more accurate information and objectivity to the study of north korea in u.s. high schools and beyond.
    


  view curriculum unit


















a whisper to a roar

      the documentary film "a whisper to a roar" tells the heroic stories of courageous democracy activists in five countries around the world—egypt, malaysia, ukraine, venezuela and zimbabwe—who risk everything to bring freedom to their people. the film's companion teacher’s guide provides materials that supplement the information and issues explored in the documentary, filmed by award-winning filmmaker, ben moses.
    


  view curriculum unit


















divided memories: comparing history textbooks

      this unit asks students to examine prevalent history textbooks from five pacific rim societies and compare their coverage of sensitive historical episodes in the 20th century. as students analyze, compare, and contrast different history textbooks, they are forced to confront some large questions of history—including the possible bias of their own historical knowledge—and encouraged to become more critical consumers of information.
    


  view curriculum unit












join our mailing list
sign-up to receive news on upcoming teacher programs, student courses, and classroom resources from spice.


  sign up now





























                      facebook
                  



                      twitter
                  



                      instagram
                  



                      youtube
                  



                      event_maillist
                  








our address
 
encina hall
616 jane stanford way
stanford university
stanford, ca 94305-6055



navigate


research


education


policy


people


centers


news


events


about




follow usgeneral inquiries650-723-4581mailtwitterfacebookyoutubeinstagramlinkedinthreads


support us

learn more about how your support makes a difference or make a gift now
make a gift






top







footer stanford menu


stanford home


maps & directions


search stanford


emergency info




footer terms menu


terms of use


privacy


copyright


trademarks


non-discrimination


accessibility


copyright complaints





© stanford university, stanford, california 94305.













