 







dearesq - the free 'ask a lawyer' site





















































saturday, february 15, 2025 




dearesqthe free 'ask a lawyer' site





 

menu


primary menu
homeabout dearesq: the free ask a lawyer sitecontact dear esq.privacy policy 
search




search for:










about dearesq: the free ask a lawyer sitedearesq is the oldest free 'ask a lawyer' site on the internet, and  one of the few places that you can ask a lawyer a question for free, and get answers from real lawyers, not only at no charge to you, but without having to give up your email address and get spammed by dozens of law firms wanting you to use their services.  read more ... 

 







 



can i terminate my child’s father’s parental rights and change their last name?
posted onmay 13, 2020august 10, 2022


i live in missouri and i have a child that is over a  one-year old. the biological father and i were never married and he has never paid child support and i don’t want any from him. can i change my child’s last name to mine and can i terminate his parental rights? he did sign a statement indicating he is the father. i would like to know what my options are. thank you and hopefully you can answer my questions. read more … 


categorieschild custodytagschange of name, child support, parental rights, termination 







 



can i build a wall on the city’s easement on my property?
posted onapril 27, 2020august 11, 2022


can i build a retaining wall on the city easement that runs across my property? what are the possible ramifications if i do? read more … 


categorieseasements 







 



my car was damaged following construction work my neighbor had done. who is responsible for the damage?
posted onapril 20, 2020august 11, 2022


our neighbor’s external remodeling caused damage to our car when dust, plaster, and mortar blew on to our brand new car. who is responsible for the damage? read more … 


categoriesnext door neighbor issues 







 



can the land in land patents be sold?
posted onapril 14, 2020august 10, 2022


can land and minerals that have a land patent on them be sold? i live in the state of illinois, in case that makes a difference. read more … 


categoriesproperty 







 



my ex wants our children to visit him in his one bedroom apartment. is this adequate space?
posted onapril 7, 2020august 10, 2022


our court order says i have to send our children to spend time with my ex husband, but i feel his apartment is too small. do i have to send them? read more … 


categorieschild custody 







 



can an out of state lawyer represent me in a child support case?
posted onapril 3, 2020august 10, 2022


i live in texas but i have a child support case in michigan. is there any possibility that a texas lawyer can defend me in michigan courts? read more … 


categoriesfamily law 







 



i have not received earned health benefits. can i sue?
posted onapril 2, 2020august 10, 2022


i am owed medical benefits, which i have not yet received, forcing me to apply for medicaid while pregnant. can i sue my employer for those benefits? read more … 


categoriesemployment law 







 



how can we get a county line moved?
posted onmarch 25, 2020august 10, 2022


how does someone petition or otherwise move a state or local government to get them to look at redrawing and moving a county line? read more … 


categoriesgovernment 







 



my ex and i reconciled while in the process of a divorce but have since broken up again. can he force me out of the house?
posted onmarch 24, 2020august 10, 2022


my husband and i filed for divorce, we had orders, then we reconciled. now he wants to enforce the orders and remove me from the house. can he? read more … 


categoriesdivorce 







 



how can i get the city to resolve a landscaping eyesore?
posted onmarch 23, 2020august 10, 2022


part of my sidewalk was removed by the city and they landscaped it, and it’s awful. what can i do to make the city make it look better? read more … 


categoriesfighting city hall 





posts navigation
older posts
 







copyright © 2025 dearesq. all rights reserved. privacy policy | decree child by catch themes 



scroll up










