









natural health & wellness - monadnock natural health






















































 










































home
get started
about us

about monadnock natural health
about dr. gene clerkin
about jandee porter, ms
health problems solved
holistic health practices
practice member testimonials


wellness resources

  

all topics
allergies
anxiety & depression
autoimmunity


  

cancer
chiropractic care
children’s health
detox
fatigue & stress


  

general
genetics
happiness
hormones
lifestyle


  

nutrition & diet
recipes
supplements
true stories
weight loss




calendar
contact us















make a lasting change!















 











imagine….
feeling better & having more energy








make a decision to change








attend a free dinner seminar








follow your customized plan























“i have tried hundreds of different programs and products to just “feel better.” …dr. gene’s program is hands down the best and most effective program i have ever done. do yourself a favor. if you don’t feel like you know you should be feeling and maybe you have tried “everything else” – do this one – it will be the best decision of your life. i am into my sixth month and now i am on the maintenance program and feeling better than ever!”
 – d. brunke








i was not resting well. my hair was shedding. i felt washed out and my energy was low. after four months my hair stopped shedding and i have more energy.
-m. lee








i was struggling with losing weight. the cleanse provided great momentum in losing weight. and it’s staying off. i lost 35 pounds and feel great.
-s. grable









see more testimonials



who can we help?while our goal is to help as many people as possible, we know that our practice is built on relationships and hard work. our goal is for you to have life-changing results, feel better & have more energy! since the level of wellness attained in our programs is directly related to the effort put in by our clients, we only accept a limited amount of new clients each month. those who are accepted into our practice are highly motivated to invest time and resources into their health and are able to be successful at making a lasting change in their lives!
see more about our dinner seminars!








our event calendar


health blog






recipe: fennel, citrus, and roasted beet salad

recipesa great recipe to help kick you out of those...
read more



introduction to awareness

general, happinessone of my mentors, dr. donald epstein, once said...
read more



vegetable quinoa bake with winter squash recipe

recipesvegetable quinoa bake with winter squash...
read more


« older entries














office
16 church streetkeene, nh 03431



contact us
(603) 852-4706email



 









© all rights reserved | monadnock natural health developed and hosted by charlesworks 








social media & sharing icons  powered by ultimatelysocial 








homeget startedabout us

about dr. gene clerkin health problems solved holistic health practices case studies
wellness resources

allergies anxiety & depression autoimmunity cancer children’s health chiropractic care detox fatigue & stress general genetics happiness hormones lifestyle nutrition & diet recipes supplements true stories weight loss
calendarcontact us










































