







rhee gold's dancelife






































































































































































skip to content



































 



homeevents dltc 2025 book your hotel exhibitor with us in 2025 dltc 2024 on demand sample schedule 2024 download the conference app submit a proposal soul 2025 book your hotel exhibitor with us in 2025 soul schedule (2024)alliances dance teacher alliance dta member login studio owner alliance soa member login studio owner alliance certification soac member login gold alliance ga evolution leader login ga 2.0 leader logineducation & inspiration teacher | business courses on demand business courses adult program blueprint captivate & convert she-e-o your most organized season yet! taking your classes on the road! teri’s tough love lessons the pathway to profit the core 4 marketing bootcamp staff success classroom courses moves & grooves w/ reggie.o well-rounded dancer ballet breakdown across-the-floor galore & more! funky & fresh: tap for the classroom mental health matters become a technique master let’s dance! classes from ages 1-6 stronger, smarter & healthier competitors ballet for the jazz dancer tap… basics with a twist hip hop for the classroom culture of success acro curriculum for minis & juniors the art of ballet musical theatre mayhem foundations of music theory world of street dance tap skills preschool skills checklist ballet body awareness constructing fresh tap curriculum fundamentals of hip hop education acro a-z & more! technical exploration of the classics preschool playbook become a behavioral detective teaching the early years dance teacher roadmap tap roots acro-islands blogs dancelife blog rhee gold’s blog podcasts coffee talk dancer wellness danscend mindful dancers online storeabout us the gold family legacy










 















 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 
























join e-mail list






























































rhee gold's dancelife



founded by rhee gold, dancelife is a leading company in the dance education industry, dedicated to providing resources, support, and inspiration for dance educators. with a mission to elevate teaching, dancelife has transformed how educators approach their craft. through initiatives like the dancelife alliances, conferences, workshops, publications, and online platforms, dancelife empowers teachers to reach their full potential and create impactful dance experiences for their students. at dancelife, we believe in the profound impact dance educators have on their students' lives. our resources are designed not only to elevate teaching skills but also to cultivate confidence, resilience, and joy in each dancer. if you're seeking solutions, community, inspiration, and cutting-edge education, you've come to the right place—join a vibrant community that celebrates the artistry and dedication of teaching, every step of the way. 











































dancelife alliances



dancelife alliances offers dance educators like you the resources and support to make this your best year yet. whether you're a studio owner or teacher, our alliances—dance teacher alliance, studio owner alliance, studio owner alliance certification, and gold alliance—are designed to help you grow, learn, and connect with a community of like-minded professionals.invest in your success. gain access to transformative education, actionable tools, and personalized support to bring fresh ideas into your studio, classroom, and career. the journey to your goals starts here—join dancelife alliances today! 












dance teacher alliance











studio owner alliance











studio owner alliance certification











gold alliance




















rhee gold's dancelife events













































dancelife teacher conference



with a vast curriculum for all teachers, from preschool to advanced, as well as our administrative and business tracks, the dancelife teacher conference is designed to offer your team an experience that will energize them open their minds to new possibilities and rejuvenate their dance spirit; guaranteed! 







learn more about dltc




















soul dancer conference



a unique, non-competitive event for dancers aged 9 and up, along with their parents and teachers. here, dancers explore their art form in a fresh and inspiring way, focused on personal growth and artistic expression. 







learn more about soul




































































dancelife retreat



the retreat will help you reignite your passion, refine your craft and reconnect with the reason you became dance person in the first place. i, and our special guests will bring you more than you expect, offer you the chance to rejuvenate your spirit and redefine your business and/or classroom approach in an unforgettable setting. 







learn more about dancelife retreat























































the dance business is our business



discover the rhee gold dancelife store – your ultimate destination for all things dance education! from comprehensive studio handbooks and exciting pop-up camps to engaging dancer activities and in-depth teacher training courses, we offer an extensive range of resources designed to support every dance educator. our selection of store products is aimed at making your life easier and helping you succeed on your professional journey! equip yourself with the best tools and join a community committed to excellence in dance education. 







shop now




















education



rhee gold's dancelife offers dance educators a diverse array of resources, including insightful blogs, engaging podcasts, and coffee talk sessions. designed for the unique journey of each professional, these resources serve as a guide on the path to success. whether through expert advice, inspiring discussions, or shared experiences, we are committed to providing a platform where dance educators can thrive in both the business and classroom. 







learn more
















































discover what the dancelife alliances has to offer!



the dancelife alliances is proud to offer a vast library of resources that includes video training, live seminars, documents, templates, classroom resources, activity packs and so much more!enjoy these free resources to get a peek inside what you can expect as one of our alliance members. 

























rhee gold's dancelife raves!


















karin blair

★★★★★ dltc attendee





i have been in person to rhee gold conferences and now have done some online training. as always the content, as well as those who deliver it, is top notch.such a treat to learn from the best in our constantly evolving industry . being a part of rhee gold’s community is like having your friends around when you need them. what he offers keeps us enthusiastic and fresh. the online courses are easy to navigate, too, and allow us to take class with professionals we otherwise might not ever meet. brilliant. 










laura gough carroll

★★★★★ gold alliance, idea member & dltc attendee





i love this group so much and the dancelife teacher conference was the best ever. i am grateful for all the teachers, the idea ladies and of course, the one and only rhee gold. i not only want to be better because of all of you; i know i can be better because of you! i am living my dream. 










denise vokey

★★★★★ i.d.e.a. member & dltc attendee





i’m having a difficult time articulating what dltc and my idea tribe really mean to me. to attend this years conference was extra special because i finally got to hug those that have guided me, consoled me and became my true friends these last 2 years. i am back and inspired and ready to go for season 23! so many plans! ❤️ 










alexis diaz menendez

★★★★★ studio owner: soul dancer conference





this was a great event! all my dancers felt comfortable enough to try new styles of dance and my own daughter got in the car, said she had so much fun and fell asleep. no talking about awards, no why, how, next time, just pure fun! thank you for that! 💖💙  










jennifer karski

★★★★★ teacher: dltc attendee





i just wanted to thank you for an amazing conference! everything from start to finish was absolutely perfect!  the classes were amazing and fun, and everyone on your staff was so kind and friendly.  the professionalism of the entire event blew me away. 




































learn more






















learn more






















learn more






















shop now










 














join our mailing list






sign up for rhee gold's dancelife newsletters, featuring upcoming events & tons of inspiration












subscribe now































































company information






phone: 1-866-99dance (1-866-993-2623); 9-5 est
postal: p.o. box 2150, norton, ma 02766
email: office@rheegold.com









about us






rhee gold's dancelife is the place for dance teachers. find unique, inspirational quotes, the latest blog posts and informative articles; all designed for you, the dance teacher.









welcoming dancers, students, dance parents, enthusiasts and everyone else who is looking for dance inspiration, thought-provoking blogs or articles and a comfortable home to explore dance in a whole new way.













© 2025 - rhee gold company - allrights reserved









created by toomey digital












 



pin it on pinterest


 


























