


























nasco | educating and organizing an emerging generation of cooperators.










































skip to main content








toggle navigation







who we are the cooperative movement
our members
our partners
mission, vision, & principles
staff and board
history
governance
finances

what we do educational events
collective property ownership
housing co-op development
cooperative leadership certification
co-op internship network
co-op staff networking

help for your co-op resource library
find a co-op
start a co-op
training
consulting
crisis support
get advice

get involved become a member
job board
join the nasco board
alumni
subscribe
nasco merch

news news and updates
submit an annoucement
past newsletters
follow us on social media

events nasco institute 2024
events calendar

donate
 


search form

search






englishfrançaisespañol



go











 



home page




















  
 
	 
 
support cooperative housing with a donation to nasco!
 
  

  
 
	 
 
represent nasco with merch!
nasco gets $10 per item purchased and the rest goes to worx, a union co-op print shop
  

  
 
	 
 
attend nasco institute 2024!
november 15 - 17 | ann arbor, mi
  

  
 
	 
 
learning opportunities
nasco provides co-op skills training and direct consultation for your members
  

  
  
we are cooperators.
educating and organizing an emerging generation of cooperators since 1968
  




previous



next



 






 



find a co-op
start a co-op
join nasco
 






commitment to anti-oppression
nasco is committed to approaching our work with an anti-oppression framework, which means that all of our program content, resources, internal systems, and training materials are created with an anti-oppression lens. we are committed to undoing societal oppression through cooperative housing and facilitating economic transformation based in mutual aid. through our work with cooperative organizers, we aim to address systemic barriers to housing and community-building so that our member co-ops can fully embody the cooperative principle of open and voluntary membership. 
throughout nasco's history, our housing co-ops and their members have stood firmly in solidarity with local and global movements for social, environmental, and economic justice. some co-ops have participated in direct action to end patterns of systemic injustice, some have contributed to mutual aid work to support their community members, and some have prioritized building safer spaces within their own homes. nasco supports our members to participate in movement work and continuously educate their communities on anti-oppression. we call on cooperative members, staff, leaders, and supporters to join us as we support social and economic justice movements across the globe and continue to shape the cooperative movement together.
 
 












nasco-logo-acronym-white-on-black-248x60.png

 

educating and organizing an emerging generation of cooperators.


subscribe to nasco's newsletter
 first name *
 last name *
 email *







 leave this field blank




submit




stay connected
     


contact us
nasco
p.o. box 166140
chicago, il 60616 usa
(773) 404-2667
info@nasco.coop
  









