










telecom trader







telecom trader - since 1998
    communications contractor's first choice for business referrals.the best 
    referral network on the web!




a simple concept that works for you!
full service communications contractors 
      easy to use and find our contractors
      contact contractors  directly with no data collections. 
 




home - contractor
      listings - customers - join
      us!
 
    


 




the telecom trader - join
      us!  you'll be glad you did!  
      a comprehensive nationwide communications 
        cooperative! 
        representing a full spectrum of telecommunications
      product and service providers.




home 
       contractors 
 customers
join us!




customers seeking contractors 
        click here  
        find out how to simplify your life!

communications contractors click
        here
        put yourself in front of customers on top listed search engines!
        check out our 10th anniversary rate return!
communications contractors - 
        emergency telecom preparedness: 
 if your company has resources, talent and 
        capability to serve in an elite group performing 
        telecommunications  
        emergency and disaster back up and recovery please click  
here

customer welcome page
        if you need help or questions
        answered, 
        the telecom trader team is on board and ready to quickly respond! 
        ask for information to help simplify your technology life. 

        from nationwide rollout to single business application to home system network, 
        the telecom trader will find a comprehensive and cost effective 
        solution!
ask your question!  no strings attached and it is 
        free!
visit our customer information page 
customers
overview -
        our purpose
join our referral network! it
        works!
        contractor jobs now available: telecom trader 
        facilitation services
join us




membership information


limited time only - happy 18th 
        anniversary to me!
        return to 1999 membership rates! you won't believe the savings!

customers and contractors

if you are seeking talented telecommunications
        contractors, please check our comprehensive list. 

telecommunications contractors available world 
        wide 




if you are seeking  contractors willing to travel nationwide to your job site, check our

national network.

telecommunications contractor national network




 if you are a private company seeking 
        communications contractors, we'll help you search!
 customers

telecommunications 
        products and services

commercial membership
if your company has products and services to
        sell to telecom trader members,
         join our growing group of commercial members.



if your day to day business
        involves these front line
services, then this site is for you.

our members represent the following types of companies:




decommission  

 asset management


telephone systems - traditional and voip



 network systems and services



structured cabling - all internal categories



outside plant design and construction



technical, sales, customer training and education



paging - security - wireless - 
            integrated voice - data - video- 
            cctv



 multi
            media carrier switch - call center management



 rcdd
            - telecommunications engineering-cad services



 cctv
            - home theatre and home communications wiring



project management, network services 
            coordination



business communications development specialists
up




 
overview



this site was launched on april 1, 
          1999 as a cooperative effort by communications contractors.  the 
          purpose of the site is to foster communications and to provide a
            business referral network for sub-contracting among members. 


the telecom trader serves as a membership
            contractor registry and a direct marketing resource.  we actively seek new
            sources of business for our members by contacting large national
            companies and encouraging them to use our members for their
            telecommunications needs. 


in january 2002, the telecom trader 
            opened its membership to companies who provide the products and 
            services you use.  please visit our commercial sponsors on the 
            following page: 

telecommunications products and services

you can join our organization and benefit from our very successful  contractor's
            referral network for as little as the price of a good cup of 
          coffee a month, please click
here. 


checkout our  
contractor's
pages and fill out a form there. 
            check
            it out! 


 note: you do not need to participate in our
            contractor referral network to be a member of our group. our free
            membership category will include you in our monthly
            newsletter.  



up

communications  products manufacturers,
distributors, service providers,
         business management and more!

if your organization manufacturers or distributes 
      products and services used by communications contractors, we invite you to 
      apply for a telecom trader commercial membership. sign
        me up!
the telecom trader has a quickly growing and 
      successful commercial membership
            page to feature products and services of interest to our
            group.   telecommunications 
      products and services
 
commercial members will be included in a
            monthly marketing newsletter with the opportunity to provide special
            offers, pricing, etc to members. 
there are two links to our commercial 
      membership listing page on every state contractor listing page. 
 
telecommunications contractors available world 
      wide
 
please complete commercial membership application and start
            selling by clicking here!


commercial membership

up

contact us! we want to
        hear from you!



         
        

         
        

 


 



 





 
hit counters are re-set yearly
 
the telecom trader is a cooperative association of communications
contractors. www.telecomtrader.com  
customers welcome to browse our open access system for identifying and selecting 
communications products, services and contractors. all material is copyrighted 
and all rights reserved.  the organization accepts no responsibility for 
any business or financial transaction between members and beyond.  it is 
the responsibility of all who visit and use this site to verify the references, 
quality, and payment ability of all subcontracted work. all disclaimers and 
legal loopholes apply.  
 please visit our sister sites: 
www.conniescorner.org 
www.babyboomerbash.org
www.whitewitchbotanicals.com 

report any problems using this site to 
webmaster@telecomtrader.com


