





home :: bay-lake region planning commission






















































 




subscribe to our newsletteremployment opportunities



















toggle navigation







homeaboutservicesprojectssheboygan mponews & funding














 




 




 




 




 
















community assistance








economic development








environmental








mapping and visualization








transportation















what we do

the bay-lake regional planning commission (bay-lake rpc) is a multi-service agency within wisconsin that provides a variety of federal, state, and local programs. the bay-lake rpc is a public agency formed by executive order of the governor. wisconsin state statutes specify that regional planning commissions are to provide intergovernmental planning and coordination for the physical, social, and economic development of the region. the bay-lake rpc serves an eight-county region within northeast wisconsin consisting of brown, door, florence, kewaunee, manitowoc, marinette, oconto, and sheboygan counties.












serving brown, door, florence, kewaunee, manitowoc, marinette, oconto and sheboygan counties
the total area of the region we serve is 5,433 square miles, or 9.7 percent of the area of the state of wisconsin, which encompasses 186 units of government including:
- 8 counties        
- 17 cities                
- 41 villages
- 119 towns
- oneida nation of wisconsin
the region has over 400 miles of coastal shoreline along lake michigan and green bay, and contains 12 major watershed areas that drain into the waters of green bay and lake michigan.








public input & surveys
click on the icons below to participate in public review of documents and provide input via surveys.



surveys available:

sheboygan county along with bay-lake regional planning commission is
conducting this survey as part of “transportation planning/feasibility study” to better understand the transportation needs for the residents in sheboygan county. the study aims to develop specific recommendations for a suitable transportation service, as well as the fare structure, hours, and frequency of service. please click the link below to take the survey. 
https://arcg.is/oplp5



view all available documents for review and surveys










featured projects
 


manitowoc county parks
and open space plan


town of gibraltar
comprehensive plan


town of jacksonport
comprehensive plan


year 2050 sheboygan area
transportation plan (satp)

view all publications











what is a regional planning commission?
the primary function of a regional planning commission (rpc) is to study the needs and conditions of a region and develop strategies that enhance the region’s communities. an rpc provides technical assistance, including:     

conduct research studies; collect and analyze data and prepare maps.
create and adopt plans for the physical, social, and economic development of the region.     
publish objectives and findings.     
provide advisory services on planning to the local governmental units within the region.

view our staff directory











bay-lake regional planning commission
1861 nimitz drive
de pere, wi 54115
p: (920) 448-2820
office hours:
monday - thursday: 8am - 4:30pm
friday: 8am - noon



home
about
services
plans & maps
our staff
resources
newsletter
annual report
contact



bay-lake rpc apparel site

employee portal
commissioner portal






subscribe to our newsletter









our mission statement
providing cooperative planning and funding solutions to foster healthy and thriving communities within the region.






© 2025 bay-lake regional planning commission | sitemap | privacy policy
							 | website by leighton interactive 
















