














canadian lung association | canadian lung association







      skip to main content
    
















about us




contact







englishfrench 
















donate











 

search












lung healthhow your lungs workpreventing lung diseaselung diseases a to zliving with lung diseasevirtual pulmonary rehabilitationhow to use your inhalervaccinationsair qualityclimate change & lung healthradontraffic-related air pollutionforest firesindoor air quality: your healthy homesmoking & vapingsmoking & tobaccovapinglungs are for life!how to talk to your child about vapingcannabisresearchcurrent funding opportunitiesfunded research, 2017-2023the renascent programfeatured researchersadvocacyour prioritiesnewslatest newsdonatedonate todayplanned givingthird-party events









 print page






canadian lung association


















register now for renascent
 




nurturing communication and collaboration skills for early-career researchers since 2015


register today
external link















breathe better, stay strong!
 




our virtual pulmonary rehabilitation program offers education, exercise and resources to help those living chronic lung disease to live more confidently and with fewer symptoms.


learn more
external link















show your lungs some love
 




show your lungs how much you care by getting your recommended vaccinations


read more
external link















lungs are for life!
 




this free program for ontario teachers is an easy way to add vaping and smoking prevention to your curriculum.


check out the program
external link
















 
 




featured topics








smoking and tobacco
quitting smoking is the single best thing you can do to improve your health and quality of life.
read more








virtual pulmonary rehab
education, exercise and resources to help people living with chronic lung disease to live more confidently and with fewer symptoms
learn more








how to talk to your child about vaping
help your child make informed and healthy decisions about vaping.
read more








 




looking for lung health information?

the canadian lung association is a source of evidence-based, user-friendly patient resources, including fact sheets, videos and more! these are just the latest information and resources that we offer, on a wide range of lung diseases and conditions. 






                              copd
                            




new! about copd, treatments for copd and managing your copd
new! copd action and management plan






                            lung cancer
                          




new! about lung cancer, diagnosis and treatment of lung cancer and living with lung cancer







                            chronic cough
                          




preparing for your appointment (printable checklist/form)
chronic cough: a patient's perspective (video)
chronic cough: a doctor's perspective (video)
chronic cough (web page)







                            interstitial lung disease (ild)
                          




living well with interstitial lung disease (web page)
living well with interstitial lung disease (printable fact sheet)
living well with interstitial lung disease (printable checklist)
interstitial lung disease: a patient's perspective (video)
interstitial lung disease: a doctor's perspective (video)
interstitial lung disease: a caregiver's perspective (video)







                            asthma
                          




how to use your inhaler
asthma: a patient's perspective (josh c.) 
asthma: a patient's perspective (jazzmin h.)
asthma: a doctor's perspective 
adult asthma action plan (printable tool)
pediatric asthma action plan (printable tool)
healthy living with mild to moderate asthma (printable fact sheet)
asthma control and management (printable fact sheet and tool)
asthma medications (printable fact sheet)










 




what we do

we support people affected by lung conditions. we fund vital research so that new treatments and cures can help save lives. we promote greater understanding of lung disease and we advocate for positive change in lung health.











speaking up for change
advocacy and outreach
we ensure that government and policy makers have the the information and expertise they need to develop public policy that supports the lung health of canadians.
read more











bringing disease to its knees
lung health research
since 1959, the canadian lung association has funded vital research and research training at the national level.
read more











building a healthier canada, together
healthpartners
we are a proud member of healthpartners. healthpartners connects workplaces, employees and employers to the 17 most trusted health charities in the country — including the canadian lung association.
find out more











your healthy home
indoor air quality
as you start spending more time indoors this fall and winter, it's a good time to learn more about indoor air quality.
why is it important to test your home for radon gas? what else can i do to keep myself and my family healthy?
learn more








 























 
donate















© canadian lung association. charity registration number 106862998rr0001
privacy policy|contact|disclaimer















 











































