





exotic & luxury car rental in florida | auto boutique rental





































 









homecarsbrandsaboutcompanyfaqcontact usbloglocationsall locationsboca ratoncape coralfort lauderdalefort myershollywoodjacksonvillekey westmiamimiami beachnaplesorlandopalm beachsarasotatampavero beach(305) 804-4502
luxury & exotic car rental in floridaauto boutique rentalexplore our carsget a quote 

aston martin 



audi 



bentley 



bmw 



cadillac 



chevrolet 



ferrari 



ford 



gmc 



hummer 



jaguar 



jeep 



lamborghini 



land rover 



maserati 



mclaren 



mercedes-benz 



mini 



porsche 



rolls-royce 



tesla 





view all exotic carsview all luxury carsview all suv cars 

mercedes-benz glsreserve7 seats5.8 s130 mph 



ferrari 458 spiderreserve2 seats3.4 s198 mph 



bmw i8reserve2 seats4.2 s155 mph 



ferrari californiareserve4 seats3.6 s196 mph 



bentley bentaygareserve2 seats4.4 s190 mph 



mclaren 570sreserve$ 1099 / day2 seats3.1 s204 mph 




 
view all carsabout us
auto boutique rental offers exotic car rental and luxury car rental services in 22 locations across the state of florida. we are a premier name in car rentals services with 20 years in business based in miami and service the majority of cities in florida.
we are one of the top exotic car rental companies; we carry our own luxury and exotic cars and operate from a central place of business. our pick up and drop off services make your journey memorable and comfortable.
we service in miami, miami beach, fort myers, fort lauderdale, boca raton, cape coral, hollywood, jacksonville, key west, naples, orlando, palm beach, sarasota, tampa, and vero beach, including the airports available in these locations.
learn more about usdriving luxury carsa luxury car can be an great way to elevate your driving experience and add some glamour to your travels. with a range of high-end vehicles for rent, from sports cars to luxury sedans and suvs, renters can indulge in a taste of luxury without the long-term commitment of ownership.read more about luxury carsexotic car rental in miamirenting an exotic car can be a thrilling way to take your driving experience to the next level, especially in miami! exotic car rentals offer a range of high-performance vehicles, such as lamborghinis, ferraris, and mclarens, that are not typically available for purchase or ownership.read about exotic cars in miamiimportant tipswhich exotic car do i rent for my journey?we get it, exotic car rental can be paralyzing with so many super cars to choose from. not sure which car to go for? we’ll help you rev up your excitement and choose your ideal exotic car rental in just a few steps! start by reading our blog post on how to choose an exotic car to rent in florida.how to choose an exotic car?contact usplease enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.layoutname *email *message *submit 



fill out this field





please enter a valid email address.





fill out this field







submit


what our customers say about usthese are authentic reviews from our google business page. 

5 stars! i have used this luxury car rental company five times now. they are easy to deal with pick you up at the airport. the cars are clean and new. the funny thing is it’s not that much more expensive then renting a “decent car” from a regular car rental agency. for a little more than a full size vehicle you can get a bmw m3 convertible. so far i have rented a porsche 911, porsche boxster s, mercedes convertibles, bmw 6 series and m3 convertibles. there’s nothing like cruising around miami in style!
justin cook 



wonderful experience! professional, expedient and went out of their way to facilitate us! friendly and responsive, josef got back to me immediately and handled all the details with diligence. i highly recommend these guys! oh and the car…amazing! i’ll be back!!
mara di mattia 



i was vacationing in miami and wanted a exotic car for the weekend. i called auto boutique and they had a large line up of exotic and regular cars. i asked for a pickup at the airport and they came and picked me up. my car rental experience with this company was excellent. i would highly recommend every one to rent a car from them.
gabriel mckinney 









homeaboutblogcarspartnerspecialsget a quotemiamipalm beachkey westfort myerscape coralnaplessarasotafort lauderdaleorlandojacksonvilletampaboca ratonmiami beachhollywoodvero beachview all locations© 2023 – auto boutique car rental
4471 nw 36th st, miami, fl 33166 | info@autoboutiquerental.com | (305) 531-7990
facebooktwitterinstagramwhatsapp

 menu
















