




tristar monitoring, llc – "service with integrity and commitment"


















































skip to content
















homeresourcesmatrix logintoggle website search










menu
close





home
resources
matrix login
toggle website search




 








home 2

















attention tristar dealers 



















tristar upgrade bulletinimportant information 











 we are planning to upgrade the operating systems of tristar monitoring between the weeks of january 13 and march 1, 2025. a more exact date for each dealer will be provided in the weeks ahead. these upgrades will allow us to:redundant monitoring from the california and maryland centers.upgraded receivers and server technology.the industry’s most advanced dealer portal.access to our dedicated dealer support team. what will change?on the morning of your upgrade alarm traffic will begin reporting to tristar’s upgraded software platform insite, and signals will stop showing up in tristar’s legacy system dice matrix. to place customers on test, lookup accounts, etc. please login using the insite login button on either the dynamark monitoring or tristar homepage. we will be contacting you to confirm your authorized user list to create your web logins. we will continue to provide access to matrix to review archived data through april 1, 2025. what we need from youwe know change can be difficult and to make this transition as smooth and error free as possible, we need your assistance with a few items.phone lines not controlled and billed to you directly by the carrier (not by tristar)we may need to provide you with updated numbers to point voice and data traffic to.3rd party services not billed through tristar (alarmnet, alarm.com, m2m, etc.)if you provide us with logins to these platforms we will verify signaling.alarm.com and dmp dealers will be able to have access to data syncing and integration features.after hours on call informationwe are requesting everyone provide updated after hours on call instructions. emergency on-call lists can be managed by you within insite, but we would prefer to populate the initial instructions to make sure none are missed. how do i prepare for the upgrade?our teams have done everything possible to migrate your existing information from matrix to insite. prior to the move we ask that you take time to review important pieces of information to help make the transition easier for your company.insite training videosshort video clips showing how to perform common tasks through our dealer web portal. these can be accessed at both tristar and dynamark’s web site.insite login and practicelogin to insite one week prior to your upgrade date to verify your login is correct.lookup an account and place it on test.explore support tickets and other areas of the site.new dealer welcome packetthe new dealer welcome packet provides an overview of important information, procedures, phone numbers, and other reference information.  if you have a question, it is likely addressed with this document. please provide a copy to important staff members.if you have any special account needs, questions, or require anything please contact us at   tristar@dynamarkmonitoring.com  where do i go to get help?in the weeks leading up to and following the upgrade, our entire team will be available to address any issues or concerns. a directory of contacts is available in the welcome packet.during the week of the upgrade our entire dealer support departments in both ca and md will be focused solely on assisting you with any issues that may arise or questions you may have. there are multiple ways to reach them in addition to creating support tickets. please note that dispatchers cannot make edits to your account or perform advanced tasks. for data entry or support please use the numbers below.  











emergency (4am-10pm pst)
non-emergency
dedicated tristar line
dealer support electronic
1-855-656-4870
﻿tristar@dynamarkmonitoring.com






instant connect alarm chattristar customers will have access to dynamark’s award-winning instant connect alarm chat platform at no cost. a demo of how the technology works can be found on our website. instant connect has reduced false dispatches for dealers and their customers by over 40%. this feature will not be turned on for the first 30 days as the default option. if you would like to begin utilizing it right away instead of waiting please let us know.  











other important notesbosch non-modem formats and other pulse format accounts.some accounts signaling over phone lines require special handing. we are working to identify these and route their signals to our bosch receivers. we believe we have identified these accounts but if you know you have some still active please let us know just to be safe.customer reportsif you have a customer subscribed to reports we will need to replicate those. please let us know if you have any accounts requiring this or wish to add them.ul fire accounts and historyaccess to matrix will end in april of 2025. account history prior to the upgrade will not be transferred. please download or export any history you would like to save or your records.our entire team is here to help you. while upgrades can be a distraction, this upgrade will unlock vastly improved technology for you and your team. you will also now have access to a much larger team with the resources to help you in real time. we appreciate the trust you have placed in us and we will continue to work hard for you each day.thank you,trey alter  












 




login to matrix 








 




insite videos 








 




click to download 































 




dynamark monitoring website 











































				copyright tristar monitoring llp  2023 - ca lic aco7211			














































