the pacific coast of mexico








the

pacific

coast

of

mexico












this website features information on the pacific coasts of oaxaca, jalisco, and colima mexico, including the towns of huatulco, puerto angel, zipolite, puerto escondido, barra de navidad, melaque, and manzanillo.  there is information about hotels, travel, food, surfing, snorkeling, scuba diving, fish, turtles, history, native dances, and the spanish language.  there are maps and aerial photos.  travelers and residents share their knowledge and experiences in the visitors' comments sections.  there you will find advice from many sources on what to enjoy and what to avoid.



quick links:

main index
beach index
visitors' comments
aerial photos
barra de navidad
melaque
   

about tomzap.com
puerto escondido
oaxaca city
huatulco
tomzap the band
what's new?





oaxaca

the oaxacan coast is a region of rugged, tropical beauty set against a background of mountainous jungle.  for the traveler, it offers a variety of settings from the plush resorts of huatulco to remote, low-key beachfront hideways.  an inland excursion can take you to a coffee plantation or to oaxaca's capital, a unique cultural center surrounded by craft villages and archaeological sites.



to translate this page:







jalisco

jalisco has a lengthy coastline known as costalegre that stretches from puerto vallarta at the northwest end to barra de navidad to the southeast. it's many resorts and villages offer a variety of settings for the visitor.




colima

the tiny state of colima is where you find the city of manzanillo, an important seaport and resort area.  manzanillo is known as the sailfish capital of the world.  inland cities offer volcano tours and feature botaneros, a type of bar/restaurant offering a stream of appetizers with your drinks.


please note that this page may be updated frequently.  if you are revisiting this page checking for updated information, you will probably need to use your refresh or reload button on your web browser to see the current version.  otherwise you may be viewing cached material on your hard drive.



what'snew?





a gravesite decorated for the day of the dead in puerto escondido, oaxaca


events in february 2025 in puerto escondido, oaxaca.

13 february 6 p.m.   
music for kids in papalote school , free entrance kids and 
adults.  $250 pesos tickets. school papalote how to get there check w gina. 

14 february 8 to 5 p.m.  
art craft sale. in macondo restaurant tortugas at rinconada 

fire works and cultural event in chila. la fiesta del pueblo be there by 9 ish p.m.  
10 k from puerto escondido. you may need private transportation, ask me i know. gina 

15 february 6 p.m.  
music de barro  live music. hotel cabane la barra 1. entrance fee $500 pesos tickets w gina 

rodeo in  chila 

16 february noon  
horses race. you need a hat sun glasses. drink agua. 42 hectares in the area. take a moto taxi from downtown.  /

22 february 3 ish p.m.  
bodas comunitarias communitary weddings free to enjoy.  be at club bacocho pay a drink and enjoy the sunset.  local weddings just for people who register in civil casa. 

bajos de chila 8 p.m.  
rodeo of the fiestas 2025

if you need more information please stop at the tourist booth in adoquã­n in front hotel rocamar in puerto escondido, oaxaca, with gina.












. . . always something new in the visitors' comments

top of page | main index | beach index | search | about | links

send comments, corrections, articles to:

tom penick:  tom@tomzap.com









