






marnie's keepfresh | the secret to keeping fruit and vegetables fresh for longer.

















































 
























1300 661311
info@keepfresh.com.au



facebook




rss


 





facebook




rss



my account
checkout
cart

0 items
 












profile
proven science
storage tips
q & a
shop

store
refer a friend
affiliate marketing
eshop terms & conditions
privacy policy


blog
contact

trade enquiries


 





select page


  
 



 



 

















the secret to keeping fruit and vegetables fresh for longer.


 







“across 23 kinds of produce tested there was an average 60% increase in fresh storage life.”
dep’t of food technologyuniversity of newcastle (n.s.w.)






australian households throw away more than $20 million per week in rotting fruit and vegetables. that’s more than $1 billion per year of mostly avoidable food wastage.
 
keepfresh have been proven to reduce fresh produce wastage by up to 80%


by simply placing a green keepfresh fridgit in your refrigerator produce drawer you can reduce your fruit and vegetable wastage by up to 80% and save hundreds of dollars per year.
keepfresh has been proven to keep fruit and vegetables fresh for up to 6 weeks longer.
we don’t really want you to keep your fresh fruit and veg for 6 weeks but we do want to help you stop throwing away  fruit and veggies every week and keepfresh is proven to do this.
 
completely safe & non-toxic
keepfresh is completely safe & non-toxic and is so easy to use. each keepfresh fridgit works for 3 months.  after 3 months simply replace the sachet inside your keepfresh fridgit with a keepfresh refill  sachet for another 3 months working life.
 
university tested and proven
keepfresh has been tested by independant universities around the world and proven to work.  that’s why we support our product with a satisfaction guarantee whenever you buy keepfresh.






“try it, you’ll be amazed. broccoli lasted 5 weeks!“
the west australian newspaper (fresh liftout)






keepfresh is a scientific instrument disguised as a kitchen gadget
 keepfresh has a proven scientific pedigree and it has been used commercially for decades to help produce growers and wholesalers keep their fruit and vegetable fresh for longer. what marnie’s keepfresh does is make this available to households so you can reduce your waste and save money.


keepfresh is simple, it’s safe, it’s convenient ….. it works!










 











facebook




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 




 

































