


madstage - theater, dance, and comedy in wisconsin













 

madstage - live theater, dance and comedy in wisconsin.

 
we thank 
		   for helping to support madstage! 
          find out how you can help.

 




advertising sponsors



 









join the new madstage email list!










 
support madstage
make a donation to madstage! 
click here to find out how...


			or you could just buy me a coffee! 
 
 






















 



this week on madstage...



 

opening this week 

  

  

closing this week 

  

  

upcoming auditions 

 



  



hello, dolly!
									
								


i love you, you're perfect, now change
									
								
 
 
 


 
 

henry the fifthwisconsin, non-equity, diversity auditionscyrano de bergeracforward theater annual non-equity auditions 

  



 
 
               for full show listings, check the calendar.
               to list your show on madstage, use this
                   handy form.
                
 
 
 
for
               a full list of auditions, 
               check the auditions calendar.  to
               list your auditions on madstage, use this
               handy form.

 


"good theater
           anywhere is good for theater everywhere."
- frank
      schneeberger







advertising sponsors





 
 

 


 
 
 

 


 


latest paid jobs listings • 
      submit new job listings 

lead usher at myarts - children's theater of madison - posted 
  1/3/25
older listings

latest class listings • submit
	 new class listings

no body like jimmy, a farce - denim 'n' dessert readers' theatre - posted 
		  10/8/24shakespeare monologue workshop - madison shakespeare company - posted 
		  10/4/24new open improv workshop - ark improvisational theatre - posted 
		  4/29/24ballet, pointe, jazz, lyrical, hip hop,poms,tap,competition team - life dance academy - posted 
		  8/17/06creative movement and drama for 3-6 year olds - donna peckett - posted 
		  4/16/06
older listings

 
about madstage.com
send information, comments, comp tickets,
             and corrections to webmaster@madstage.com.
this site is provided as a free service.
             if you'd like to help spread the word, please link to our site from
             yours and mention it in your programs and mailings! if you find
             it useful and would like to help make it even better, contributions
             will be applied toward expenses and publicity for the site.
all material copyright 1997-2024 toad
               hall productions. logo designed and created by maciek smuga-otto.
               all information is subject to change. while every effort has been
               made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained in these
               pages, madstage.com assumes no responsibility for any inaccurate
               information including times, places and prices. please inform
               us of any corrections or updates! we will post them as soon as
               they are brought to our attention. last update: 
               tuesday, january 2, 2024 12:14 am.
               as of today, madstage has had more than 3309435 visitors!
 

































