






cogdell's general store – cogdell's general store



































  












about      nrhc
ranching heritage association
contact us





















about      nrhc      ranching heritage association      contact us






























welcome to cogdell’s general store, the official store of the national ranching heritage center





the purpose of cogdell’s is to complement the educational program of the national ranching heritage center. profits benefit the ranching heritage association, a non-profit member organization that supports the programs of the nrhc.





















cogdell’s general store




cogdell’s general store is the official store of the national ranching heritage center, located in lubbock, texas, on the texas tech university campus. the national ranching heritage center is a unique museum and historical park comprised of 50 authentic dwellings and ranch structures from some of the country’s most historic ranches. we offer a wide variety of western-themed merchandise, including books and many products with the national ranching heritage center’s brand.





cogdell’s carries a variety of texas-branded products,
western and ranching non-fiction books and western gift products.











 



















































































































national ranching heritage center




mission: preserving and interpreting the history of ranching in north america and addressing contemporary ranching issues.
dedicated on july 2, 1976, the nrhc is a 27.5-acre facility established to preserve the history of ranching, pioneer life and the development of the livestock industry in north america.
authentic ranch structures have been relocated to the nrhc from some of the west’s most well-known ranches and show the evolution of ranch life from the late 1700s through the mid-1900s. each building reflects the geography of its original location and the materials available for construction.
visitors to the national ranching heritage center will see historic windmills, dugouts, barns, corrals and pens, a bunkhouse, one-room school house, blacksmith shop, ranch headquarters buildings, a locomotive, stock cars, depot and examples of such unique early architecture as a cabin made of cactus stalks and mud chinking and an elegant two-story ranch home ordered from a mail-order catalog. each building has been authentically restored, furnished or outfitted to reflect period correctness.
















  





visit the national ranching heritage center







































  





visit the ranching heritage association














ranching heritage association




the ranching heritage association, originally known as the ranching headquarters association, was conceived by ranchers and historians who recognized the need to preserve ranching history and tradition.
founders of the organization sought to address the loss of historically significant ranch structures to time and the elements. chartered as a texas non-profit corporation in 1969, the association’s stated purpose is to preserve the physical, social and cultural aspects of ranching and to assist in developing, interpreting and maintaining public interest in ranching history.
maintaining this legacy remains the focus of the ranching heritage association today. it strives to keep alive and perpetuate the traditions, intrinsic values and authentic history of the ranching industry.



















 cogdell’s general store is located within the national ranching heritage center.   3121 4th street | lubbock, tx 79409   our hours of operation are   monday – saturday, 10:30 am to 4:30 pm and 1:00 to 4:30 pm on sunday.   if you have any questions for us or would like to place an order, please give us a call at 806-742-0498.  













© 2025 cogdell's general store. 
					   			 














    



 

 


















