




champion homes | champion homes - north carolina



























homebuyer assistance





                            1-877-201-3870
                        

8am-8pm est mon-sat












            find a home

                    




            our homes

                            







                        customer design collection
                    



                        manufactured & mobile homes
                    



                        modular homes
                    



                        construction process
                    







            galleries

                    




            about us

                    




            careers

                    




            contact us

                    












                champion homes
            




        search our homes
    

enter "city, st" or "zip"






search














our homes are made for living.
with a history of more than 40 years, our champion homes facility in lillington, north carolina, is one of the most recognized and respected manufactured and modular home builders in the southeastern region of the united states, providing high-quality but affordable homes to families in north carolina, south carolina, virginia and west virginia.















            customer design collection
        

            designing your home is as easy as 1-2-3! pick from a range of floor plans, exteriors, kitchens, master baths and more to create a home just for you.
        










            radiant spa bath
        

            take your bath regimen from routine to indulgent. the radiant spa bath's royal level of luxury makes it possible.
        










            home point
        

            you and your home connected. home point’s suite of smart homes products from trusted brand names makes this easy.
        












                        flexible floor plans, radiant spa bath, ultimate kitchen and everything in between. see the latest designs and decor options that makes a champion home from lillington a must-have for any family.
                    


see all galleries




























copyright © 2025





our homes


manufactured & mobile homes


modular homes


construction process






about us


find a homes


galleries


contact us







privacy policy
california residents:  notice at collection and personal information rights
do not sell or share my information
terms of use
disclaimer








we use cookies on this website. by using this website, you consent to all cookies. you can review our privacy policy to learn more.












