dean edwardsdeanedwardsaboutshowscontactvideoswatch dean on tiffany haddish presents: they readywatch now onfollow dean on social mediadean edwards is an american actor, comedian and writer. most notably recognized for his two year tenure as a cast member of nbc’s saturday night live, edwards is best known for his multitude of remarkable celebrity impressions that include denzel washington, dave chappelle, jay-z, mo’nique, chris rock, 50 cent, and eddie murphy. recently, dean showcased his amazing talents in his first comedy special, netflix’s tiffany haddish presents: they ready, season 2.
edwards’ filmography includes supporting roles in top five, spiderman 3 and tony ‘n’ tina’s wedding. he has had guest appearances on hulu’s supernatural comedy series, deadbeat, as well as hbo’s the sopranos. dean also spent 2 years creating and workshopping the character of “donkey” in dreamworks’ shrek the musical on broadway. this led to his being chosen as eddie murphy’s vocal double, voicing the role of donkey in dreamworks’ animated halloween special, scared shrekless and countless other shrek related projects. dean has also built an extensive career as an in demand voice over actor for video games and commercials, as well as television and film.
most recently, dean wrapped filming the independent film, write it black. on television dean voiced corey booker, common and various roles on the 2nd & 3rd season of showtime’s television series, our cartoon president. his talents were also just showcased on multiple episodes of robert smigel’s new fox series, let’s be real as well as appearing on hbo’s game theory with bomani jones.
as a stand-up comedian, dean is an in-demand headliner at comedy clubs worldwide: with his 2019 tour making stops overseas in qatar, china and saudi arabia. dean was also one of the highlights at recent dubai comedy festival.
dean is currently starring in race: the movie: the play, which premieres during the new york theatre festival in june, 2022. he is also producing a historic project and a lifestyle, cooking show, both in various stages of development with silent crow arts productions, as well as a writing a project with tiffany haddish’s, she ready productions. stay tuned.get email updatesget updates in your inboxsubscribe upcoming shows view more showscontact deanyour nameyour emailmessagesubmit messagefor booking inquiriesagent (touring)the gersh agencytj markwalter · tjmarkwalter@gersh.com310.205.5895managementbarry katz entertainmentbarry katz · bk@barrykatz.com423.238.2300merch coming sooncheck back soon for dean's merch store in 2023tiffany haddish presents: they readysaturday night livesaturday night livetony n' tina's weddinglet's be realscared shrekless© 2024 dean edwards. all rights reserved

