







        center for excellence in disabilities 
        | center for excellence in disabilities
    





















skip navigation






search












center for excellence in disabilities







                view menu
            


main site navigation

about
education & training
services
research
health & wellness
transitions
resources
give


wvu home
health sciences center
maps & directions
campuses






center for excellence in disabilities at west virginia university


building a strong network.
the wvu ced leads efforts to provide better services to west virginians with disabilities through training, research and services.





ask a question

                                        ced staff can help answer your quick questions.
                                    













get ced services

                                        individuals and/or families who may be interested in receiving ced services.
                                    













providers connect

                                    service providers referring someone who would receive one or more ced services.
                                















news




ced ability grand rounds - march 11, 2025





2025 mountain state conference on disabilities call for proposals





wvu ced partners with mocrazy strong foundation and others to host award-winning documentary about professional skier who suffered a traumatic brain injury





positive behavior support program offers free three-day adverse childhood experiences (aces) training on february 11-13, 2025





ced introduces new transitions website featuring tips and resources for supporting individuals with disabilities





mind the gap: parent education & support group announces new virtual registration and meetings




view all news





profiles and quicklinks


marleigh bays is a graduate student from charleston, wv, pursuing a master’s degree in occupational therapy.read more about our trainees.



mary buffington is a post-graduate student studying to be a family nurse practitioner. a native west virginian, she grew up in the eastern panhandle of wv.read more about our trainees.



jobs at wvu ced
staff directory
upcoming trainings & events
give to ced







navigating medical transitions from pediatric to adulthood



the transition from pediatric to adult health care has been identified as one of the top challenges for children with special health care needs and their families who live in west virginia. this short documentary features transitional experience insights from individuals with disabilities, families and providers.
view more from this video series.
learn more about navigating medical transitions from pediatric to adult health care.




disability facts

adults with disabilities in west virginia are more likely to:

• be inactive (43.9%)
• be obese (44.6%)
• have high blood pressure (48.9%)
• smoke (42.7%)








in the united states, 25.6% of adults have some type of disability.









in west virginia, 39.2% of adults have some type of disability.








dd network links












contact & feedback


ced north
959 hartman run roadmorgantown, wv 26505phone: 304-293-4692(888) 829-9426tty: (800) 518-1448hours: monday - friday 8:30 am - 4:30 pmfax: 888-510-3125cedcontact@hsc.wvu.edu
get directions to ced north

ced south
the equities house900 virginia street eastcharleston, wv 25301


feedback



the wvuced is committed to ensuring accessibility for all trying to access the information and services we provide. it is the goal of wvuced to ensure timely meaningful access to individuals with limited english proficiency, who are deaf/hard of hearing or need other accommodations. if you need assistance, please ask about our language access plan.







follow wvu ced on:
























footer navigation

wvu home
wvu health science center


disclaimer- inclusion of resources and/or providers on our site does not imply endorsement nor does exclusion mean we do not think it is valuable. we work to keep our list of resources current and relevant but it is not exhaustive. if you have suggestions or updates, please email cedcontact@hsc.wvu.edu.
© 2025 west virginia university.










