



	entropic ™ communications



























home





history





moca® technology





patents





contact us







copyright 2022 entropic communications ©
















            entropic communications, llc’s ("entropic") rich patent portfolio results from years of cutting-edge research, development, and significant investment that provided foundational technology and processes for the satellite television and cable television industries.  
            
            










            these inventions revolutionized how providers deliver signals to customer homes, distribute signals within customer homes, and send critical information back to the provider. 
            
            
    
            these inventions remain in widespread use today. amongst the revolutionary technology includes but is not limited to:
            
            
            







            full band capture
            
            





            satellite digital channel stacking
            
            





            remote spectrum analysis

            





            multimedia over coax alliance ("moca®") technology 
            
            (click here for more information on moca® technology)

            



            these innovations are utilized by virtually every satellite and cable provider to deliver enhanced and expanded services to their customers, which in turn has increased revenue for these providers while also reducing costs.  click here for the history behind entropic.
            the entropic portfolio includes 298 patent assets across 80 different patent families (click here for a list of the patents in the entropic portfolio).  this portfolio covers various aspects of the provision of satellite and cable services and home networking, including moca® 1.0, moca® 1.1,  moca® 2.0, and moca® 2.5. information regarding moca® technology may be found here.
            
            


                please contact entropic at +1 214-308-1724 to discuss licensing opportunities.
            








home|history|moca® technology|patents|contact us


the entropic trademark is a trademark of maxlinear, inc., used under license.  all rights reserved.  unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.  all third-party trademarks, including logos, referenced herein remain the property of their respective owners.  use does not imply affiliation with or sponsorship by them.  moca is a registered trademark of multimedia over coax alliance in the united states and other countries.















