


san diego beachfront hotel | catamaran resort hotel and spa







































skip to main content



























accommodations


rooms & suites


gallery


offers


accessibility


resort policies


faq




eat & drink


oceana coastal kitchen


easter sunday brunch


moray's


lava java


seasonal dining


private dining




activities


resort activities


spring activities


water sports


attractions


meet the birds


resort map




spa & wellness


spa services


spa specials


how to spa


catamaran spa members+


rewards program


book online




weddings


ceremony


reception


wedding packages


celebrations


real weddings


request a quote




meetings


venues


group amenities


meeting services


team building


event catering


submit an rfp












rooms & suites


dine


spa


weddings


meetings


offers
























































your browser does not support html5 video.



 

















 

discover the catamaran resort hotel a san diego beachfront resort 



welcome to the catamaran resort hotel and spa, a tropical hideaway in san diego’s pacific beach community. our polynesian-themed resort, only 8 miles from san diego international airport, offers casual elegance with palm trees, lush vegetation, tiki torches, koi ponds, waterfalls, and exotic birds that like to strike up conversations with guests. with mission bay as our backyard and the pacific ocean across the street, there's no better choice among pacific beach san diego hotels.


whether you enjoy sunbathing at the beach, relaxing by the pool, rejuvenating in the catamaran spa’s hot tub that overlooks the bay, paddle boarding, or cruising up and down the boardwalk on a bike, we have something for everyone. when you’re ready to venture out into america’s finest city, you are just 3 miles from seaworld san diego, 12 miles from the world-famous san diego zoo, and 28 miles from legoland california.

























look inside our rooms & suites

settle into your welcoming accommodations with postcard views of either mission bay, the pacific ocean, or lush tropical gardens.
explore



















sunset luaus


a san diego summer tradition on the shores of mission bay
learn more















best rate promise

when you book direct with us.






   





















 

your ultimate san diego adventure awaits
be spoiled with endless activity options both on-property as well as in the surrounding pacific beach neighborhood. relax at the resort with a waterfront meal and renewing spa treatment, or check out the exciting nearby attractions. from an on-site spa to award-winning california cuisine and a vibrant beachside community, enjoy the luxury you want and perks you expect from this top-rated beachfront hotel in san diego.





















 




 



dining on the bay

savor award-winning california cuisine paired with gorgeous bay views.










 



fun in the sun

explore the charming beachside community and best local attractions.









 



spa and wellness

unwind and focus on your health at san diego's only beachfront spa.






 
 










 

a spectacular setting for every occasion
make it your best event yet with an unbeatable pacific beach location. experience the best of both worlds at our renowned san diego beach resort with beautiful indoor and outdoor spaces that accommodate groups and occasions of all sizes. plan your corporate meeting, dream wedding, or any social event at the catamaran’s beautiful and versatile venues.























meetings

an unforgettable location for your convention or group meeting.



















weddings

romance is in the air at the knot’s best of weddings winner.



















celebrations

all special occasions deserve a memorable setting to match.

























when you book direct on catamaranresort.com preferred ratessave big on your next san diego vacation and receive the lowest room rates when you book direct.customize your experiencetailor your getaway with in-room amenity deliveries, discounted attraction tickets, and more.exclusive offersjoin the email list to receive information about flash sales, room packages, and special event announcements.







 

contact us
3999 mission boulevard
san diego ca 92109
reservations (858) 488-1081

modify my reservation





 

the hotel


location


about


press room


we care


contact


careers


live cam


gift cards


blog


magazine





 


 
 
 








sign up for our newsletter or follow us, and never miss a thing


  sign up  








we’d like to know more about you
please fill in your full name to receive information about promotions, packages, and events at catamaran resort hotel & spa.




   
 i acknowledge the use of my personal information in accordance with the  privacy policy  and notice at collection to california consumers.
subscribe












©
          2025
          evans hotels. all rights reserved.
 
disclaimer


web accessibility


privacy rights


sitemap


terms











top











