















ozark, mo - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 










     





 
 












search







 
 
 


    living in ozark      how do i...      visiting in ozark      doing business in ozark  


 

 

 

 





 




 














your destinationfor recreation








water / sewerbill pay










 
 














employment








city maps










 
 














city newsletter








photo submission










 
 
 



























  
 
 







departments







mayor & board of aldermen








city admin








public works








police department








planning & development








parks & recreation








utility billing








municipal court










 
 
 









 














city news & updateswhat’s happening
 






  
 
 















your voice matters: ada accessibility survey 


the city of ozark is updating its ada self-evaluation and transition plan.						read on...







city of ozark announces new community development director 


the city of ozark is pleased to announce randall whitman has been appointed as the new community development director.						read on...







winter weather preparedness: stay safe and keep your home protected 


as winter weather settles in, it's important for everyone to stay weather-aware and take the necessary steps to protect themselves and their home.						read on...







message from the mayor - december 2024 


december is always a special time as we gather with our loved ones to celebrate the christmas season.						read on...







message from the mayor - november 2024 


normally, at this time of the year, i would be saying i am hoping that you are enjoying the cool, crisp fall weather, but since we have been averaging 15 degrees above our norm, i cannot say that in 2024.						read on...







city of ozark announces new assistant city administrator 


the city of ozark is pleased to announce cameron smith has been appointed as the new assistant city administrator. the board of aldermen voted unanimously monday night to approve the recommendation from city administrator eric johnson.						read on...







greet, meet, repeat: being a good neighbor 


in september 2024, ozark mayor don currence signed a proclamation designating the week of september 28 to october 4 as missouri good neighbor week in the city of ozark.						read on...







city acquires a game-changer for underground repairs 


the city of ozark is taking a significant leap forward in its infrastructure maintenance capabilities with the recent acquisition of a new state-of-the-art hydro excavator truck, promising to benefit both the city’s workforce and residents.						read on...







city of ozark secures grant for infrastructure and transportation connectivity 


the missouri department of economic development has awarded $1.97 million in grant funds to the city of ozark.						read on...







tracey hasler appointed as new human resources director 


the city of ozark is delighted to announce tracey hasler as its new human resources director.						read on...







message from the mayor - september 2024 


where did the summer go?						read on...







ozark community 2024 survey results released 


in may 2024, the city of ozark, through great lakes marketing research, distributed 5,000 community surveys to randomly selected residents and all 430 listed businesses in ozark. we are pleased to share the results of these surveys with the community.						read on...







garrison springs community forest opens to the public 


the city of ozark is thrilled to announce the opening of the garrison springs community forest.						read on...







fema shelter upgrades enhance accessibility and security 


the ozark community center fema storm shelter has undergone a significant upgrade, enhancing security and accessibility for those needing protection during severe weather.						read on...







ponsar named parks & recreation director 


the city of ozark is excited to announce hayden ponsar as our new parks and recreation director.						read on...







ozark police department promotes two to sergeant 


ozark, mo. - two ozark police department officers have been promoted to the rank of sergeant.						read on...







city of ozark announces new city administrator 


ozark, mo. - "i am very excited to announce eric johnson has been hired as the new city administrator. he brings a wealth of experience from blue springs, missouri, that will benefit the city of ozark," said ozark mayor don currence.						read on...







chadwick flyer update | june 2024 


get ready to lace up your hiking boots and dust off your bicycles because exciting news is rolling in from the public works department!						read on...







adopt-a-class program moves the classroom outside 


ozark, mo. - if you attended ozark middle school in the last eleven years, you likely shared the same experience roughly 160 current sixth graders had last week.						read on...







message from the mayor: may 2024 


i would like to welcome our returning and new aldermen representing you on the board of aldermen for the city of ozark.						read on...







opd honored for missouri police chiefs charitable foundation accreditation 


the missouri police chiefs charitable foundation (mpccf) is once again honoring the ozark police department for its excellence in policing.						read on...







ozark community center upgrades security 


the ozark community center (the oc) is taking steps to increase safety and security for everyone entering the facility						read on...







ozark welcomes maria neider and benjamin ward to the communications team 


the city of ozark is pleased to announce the hiring of maria neider as its new communications director and benjamin ward as its new communications manager.						read on...







ozark installs new storm siren to aid residents 


ozark residents now have an additional layer of safety in the event of severe weather.						read on...







ozark police department offering paid academy training to new recruits 


investing in excellence: the ozark police department (opd) is proud to announce the launch of a new hiring campaign that offers paid academy training to new recruits.						read on...







city of ozark adopts 2024  strategic plan 


ozark, mo -- the city of ozark adopted a strategic plan in 2024 that will serve as a guiding document for city leaders and elected officials for the community's future.						read on...







ozark police adds donated motorcycles to fleet 


ozark police department to strengthen resources and improve mobility with donated motorcycles.						read on...







parks & recreation: city plans to replace removed trees 


the parks & recreation department plans to plant new trees at finely river and neil grubaugh parks after a tree company removed 24 trees in the fall of 2023 thanks to a grant the city received from the missouri department of conservation (mdc).						read on...







ozark police begins mpccf reaccreditation process 


the ozark police department is being evaluated this morning to receive its accreditation from the missouri police chiefs' charitable foundation for the third time.						read on...







public works crews prepare for winter events, remind citizens of policies 


our city's crews are committed to providing efficient snow removal services while being mindful of expenses. to achieve this, we have established clear policies that prioritize safety and accessibility for residents.						read on...







onward ozark virtual open house now available 


city of ozark announces next public input opportunity to guide corridors’ future						read on...







city of ozark hires interim city administrator 


ozark, mo. -- the city of ozark has hired an interim city administrator to aid in carrying out city operations while the process of hiring a permanent city administrator is in progress.						read on...







protecting our parks: city of ozark awarded mdc grant to remove dead trees at local parks 


the city of ozark is thrilled to announce it was awarded a?community forestry cost-share grant through the missouri department of conservation (mdc) to remove green ash trees under threat from emerald ash borer (agrilus planipennis).						read on...







ozark conducts regular maintenance on water towers to ensure clean and safe drinking water 


crews are doing regularly scheduled maintenance on the city's elevated storage tanks. these water towers hold the water you use daily, so we want them to be clean.						read on...







city reminds residents to avoid placing signs on utility poles, right-of-way 


code enforcement staff kindly requests residents to refrain from using utility poles and right-of-way areas to place their business or personal signage, as these signs, flyers, and posters can cause a hazard for utility and landscape crews.						read on...







how to prepare your home for colder weather 


cold temperatures have arrived in the ozarks. make sure your home is prepared to handle these lower temperatures and that you are equipped with the information you need. here are a few helpful tips.						read on...







onward ozark: city of ozark launches corridor plan with emphasis on public input 


community involvement is crucial to the success of onward ozark. the first step is to gather public input to better understand what residents and stakeholders desire for the future of north state highway nn, south 3rd street/highway 14, and south street.						read on...







mccracken road project completed: unveiling the restored historic mill pond bridge 


the mccracken road project is not just about improving the physical infrastructure; it's about creating a safer, more efficient, and aesthetically pleasing environment for the community.						read on...







city administrator visits third graders to talk about local government 


during the visit, childers explained how decisions are made that impact the community, including how ordinances are created. the students had excellent ideas of what should be an ordinance in the city of ozark.						read on...







a message from the mayor: a privilege to serve ozark 


mayor don currence reflects on six months since becoming mayor of the city of ozark.						read on...







protecting our trees: battling the emerald ash borer beetle 


hidden within the tranquil beauty of our surroundings lurks a dangerous threat that can devastate our cherished ash trees - the emerald ash borer (eab) beetle. what you need to know and how you can help.						read on...







pedestrian, driving path installed at garrison springs 


read on...







street resurfacing begins in oak st. & west downtown project 


pardon our progress: road resurfacing begins in oak st. west downtown area wednesday, aug. 30						read on...







be water wise: city requests customers conserve water 


read on...







city establishes storm debris drop-off site 


the city administration and public works collaborated with the mayor on this alternative option to bring a practical solution during this challenging time, and we are optimistic that it will provide much-needed relief to our citizens.						read on...







beating the buzz: mosquito management tips 


to ensure a safe and enjoyable summer, let's explore some effective mosquito management tips.						read on...







crews closer to reconstructing streets on oak street & west downtown 


water main improvements are completed, sewer main improvements are nearing completion, and streets are next.						read on...







indoor aquatic facility to reopen on aug. 10 


improvements to the indoor aquatic facility at the ozark community center (the oc) are moving along swiftly and efficiently.						read on...







mccracken road being prepared for asphalt 


the excavation of mccracken is underway and being prepared for asphalt						read on...







work begins on garrison springs culvert project 


the garrison springs project is moving forward.						read on...







scam alert 


the ozark police department has been notified about fraudulent calls being made using the department's phone number.						read on...







ozark police department announces its 8th citizen's academy 


the ozark police department is proud to announce its 8th annual citizen’s police academy starting on august 22.						read on...







bridge rehabilitation and intersection project nearing completion 


read on...







the benefits of composting and how to get started 


compost can be a valuable addition to your garden, providing numerous benefits.						read on...







opd chief graduates from fbi course 


selection for the ncc is competitive and is limited to executives who hold the position of police chief or sheriff. session #4 was comprised of 42 police chiefs and 6 sheriffs from 27 different states.						read on...







energy efficiency: saving energy and money 


environmental division: building a sustainable community						read on...







ozark police department welcomes new officers 


welcome to ozark officer ramirez and officer rodgers.						read on...







view all articles




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 


  
 
 




 














upcoming eventsmark your calendar
 






  
 
 








calendar






february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












mon, feb 17



city hall closed --president's day 




kids day off





tue, feb 18



board of alderman meeting








view full calendar




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 







 



 














making ozark better every day
 






  
 
 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







205 n. 1st streetozark, mo 65721p.o. box 295city hall: 417-581-2407the oc: 417-581-7002fax: 417-581-0575
 






  
 



  
 







stay connected







facebook








instagram








tiktok








twitter








youtube










 
 



  
 







quick links







news flash



online bill pay



receive notifications



permits & licenses



calendar of events









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







using this site







site map



accessibility



copyright notices



photo gallery



employee page









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close





















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









