


our little patch of light




   welcome to our little patch of light!
  









        here's whatwe're up to!
        



         











        more on light...
        christmas lights are on all over the usa.
 where can i see christmas lights in 2020?








        files available on ourdownloads page 
        include genealogy utilities, windows utilities and some funny photos we've received through email.








deb's monthly review
featuring festivals for travelers
        (currently a few old issues are archived online.)

        what do writers do all day?
        some of deb's short stories.

        deb has begun her genealogy section 
        with surnames seifried and naughton.
        sometimes people just need a little web space to show
        their wares--art, music, crafts or other creations.
        several of our friends have small businesses or special
        interests, and we've provided them with some space.
        please take time to visit 
lightpatch gallery



                      
      



        ron's genealogy 

        start at battles family chronicle.

 photos from gadsden, alabama and centre, alabama.


email archives, 
        arranged by surname.

        map of 
        garrett-cardon cemetery along with  
        information and links to pictures.
        a document of the history of the 
        battles' migration from "england to alabama"

        some very large 
        scanned documents might be of interest.

        family gedcom from paf in browse-able web pages
        is now available.
        i plan to make the gedcom downloadable soon.
        the trip to alabama cemeteries back in 2000 provided much additional information for surnames battles, garrett, cardon, carden and mcspadden












        we both sang with the bayside community chorus
        it's been quiet lately. we miss it.



 local color spotlighting
       the beautiful central coast of california.










  lightpatch.com belongs to
  ron and deb thompson.
last update may 12, 2020











