



   






home | civil and environmental engineering | university of south florida




















skip to main content


university of south floridacivil & environmental engineeringcollege of engineering



search






search for: 







main navigation
menu



give now


about us
undergraduate
graduate
research
faculty & staff
donate to cee




myusf
directory








home | civil and environmental engineering | university of south florida



previous
slide 1
slide 2
slide 3
slide 4
slide 5
next


                           				usf engineering undergraduates win first place in the florida water environment association
                           student design competition
                           			
                        				a team of undergraduate students from the university of south florida’s department
                        of civil & environmental engineering won first place in the fwea (florida water environment
                        association) student design competition. 
                        			


                           				daniel yeh named as aaees kappe lecturer
                           			
                        				promoting and sharing knowledge about the latest trends in environmental engineering
                        has been the purpose of the kappe lecture series since its inception in 1989 by the
                        american academy of environmental engineers and scientists. this year's kappe lecturer
                        is university of south florida college of engineering professor daniel yeh.
                        			


                           				civil and environmental engineering faculty receive outstanding research achievement
                           award
                           			
                        				cee faculty, maurico arias and maya trotz received a 2023 outstanding research achievement
                        award
                        			


                           				anaerobic processes fuel carbon dioxide production in tonle sap lake 
                           			
                        				a new study led by a university of washington research team that included cee's mauricio
                        arias had its findings published feb. 14 in the journal proceedings of the national
                        academy of sciences.
                        			


                           				a usf-led team awarded nsf convergence accelerator grant
                           			
                        				cee professor maya trotz is the lead researcher on the project "linking the green
                        economy to the blue economy at the coast"
                        			







            					student services
            				

            					newsletter
            				

            					career services
            				

            					seminars
            				

            					equity and inclusion
            				

            					contact us
            				




cee newsusf microbiome research awards granted to usf faculty: daniel yeh & jody harwoodtuesday, december 10, 2024engineering faculty spotlight at 2024 florida inventor’s hall of famemonday, november 25, 2024usf college of engineering faculty honored as 2024-2025 fulbright u.s. scholarswednesday, november 6, 2024

            department research
            
dr. owusu recently spoke about his collaboration with usf faculty to engage ghanaian
         students in science research related to water and sanitation.



            usf calendar
            








university of south florida





menu

about usf
academics
admissions
locations
campus life
research


administrative units
regulations & policies
human resources
work at usf
emergency & safety
title ix


usf health
usf athletics
usf alumni
support usf
usf libraries
usf world




4202 e. fowler avenue,  eng 030, tampa, fl 33620, usa813-974-2275

facebook
x



youtube
linkedin
instagram



copyright © 2025, university of south florida. all rights reserved.
this website is maintained by civil & environmental engineering department.

privacy
contact usf
visit usf
accessibility



  

