





















sugar land, tx - official website | official website


 






  















skip to main content























    about      residents      government      business      visitors  




 































  
 
 

























 
















search





 
 




 
 



  
 














get help and informationyour one stop for non-emergency service requests or general questions.










 
 
 



 




  
 




  
 
 




  
 
 



 














city action center
 






  
 




 do it online
 other city services




 do it online














pay water billeasy and convenient ways to pay your water bill.








permits and inspectionsapply, pay, schedule inspections and check status.








garbage & recyclingview pick up schedules, guidelines and report a missed pickup.








parks and recreationfind parks, reserve a facility, sign up for a class and more!








apply for a jobview city job opportunities, benefits, and apply online.








see adoptable petslearn more about pet adoption and find that forever friend!








my neighborhoodenter your address and see customized information for your area.








city meetingsagendas for previous and upcoming city meetings.












 other city services














apply…building permitscity jobsirrigation permitrental licensingvolunteeringconnect…sign upemergency notificationsnotify me (email)txtmygov (text)social mediavolunteer opportunitiesfind…community parksimperial park recreation centereldridge park pavilionmunicipal courtt.e. harman senior center
 




pay...emergency medical service (ems)other bill paymentspermit and/or inspection feespay court fees / traffic citationsreport…code violationmissed trash/recycling servicelost petlost propertywater and sewer utility related problemrequest…home fire-safety surveyopen recordsstart/cancel water servicesthe sugar cube (block party trailer)mayor and/or city council appearancewater utility emergency services
 






 



 

  
 














imperial historic district updatesugar land announces plans to acquire the imperial historic district.learn more >>








like.  follow.  share.








2024 sugar land bond electionvoters approved five general obligation bond propositions learn more >>










 
 
 



 



 














recent news and highlights
 






  
 














city of sugar land announces plans to acquire imperial historic district 		



			posted
							on february 14, 2025


the city of sugar land has announced plans to acquire the imperial historic district, home to the former imperial sugar site and the iconic char house.			






sugar land to celebrate black history month with dynamic performances, art, and culture 		



			posted
							on february 14, 2025


the city of sugar land invites the community to an inspiring black history month celebration on saturday, february 22, 2025.			






sugar land unveils innovative pet finder application to reunite lost pets with their families 		



			posted
							on february 11, 2025


the city of sugar land has launched sugar land pet finder, a new virtual tool that allows the community to take an active role in reuniting pets and their family.			






sugar land unveils strategic action plan to shape the city’s future 		



			posted
							on february 5, 2025


sugar land is proud to announce the launch of its strategic action plan, a bold roadmap designed to guide the city’s evolution into a thriving, innovative, and resilient community.			






city of sugar land launches first-ever artist in residency program with celebrated houston artist 		



			posted
							on february 7, 2025


the city of sugar land civic arts division is proud to announce the launch of its inaugural artist in residency program, which will feature groundbreaking multidisciplinary artist bevin biggers.			






new water exhibit promises more family fun 		



			posted
							on february 3, 2025


the city of sugar land continues a partnership with the houston museum of natural science at sugar land to offer an educational, interactive water exhibition.			






sugar land municipal court to celebrate love at the first free wedding event this valentine’s day 		



			posted
							on january 14, 2025


the sugar land municipal court is excited to announce a special valentine’s day event: free wedding ceremonies on friday, february 14, 2025.			






sugar land civic arts division announces collaborative mural project at mayfield park 		



			posted
							on january 24, 2025


the city of sugar land civic arts division is excited to announce a transformative mural project for the basketball court at mayfield park.			






general election scheduled for city council 		



			posted
							on january 16, 2025


a general election filing period for the positions of sugar land city council mayor, at large positions 1 and 2 opened on january 15, 2025, and will close february 14, 2025, at 5:00 pm. the election will take place on may 3.			






sugar land opens applications for commercial revitalization and residential improvement grants 		



			posted
							on january 3, 2025


applications for sugar land’s great homes update program and commercial revitalization grant open on jan. 1, 2025.			






sugar land civic arts division unveils "reading is art" little libraries across the city 		



			posted
							on december 20, 2024


the city of sugar land civic arts division is proud to announce the official launch of its "the art of reading" campaign, an initiative that merges art and literacy to enrich our community.			






plug and play and sugar land announce new location at the 2024 silicon valley summit 		



			posted
							on november 19, 2024


plug and play, the world’s leading innovation platform recently announced the opening of its new flagship houston-metro location in sugar land, texas.			






city council canvasses election results for bond propositions 		



			posted
							on november 19, 2024


sugar land city council canvassed the results of the nov. 5 bond election at a recent special meeting.			






illuminate the magic of winter wonderland 		



			posted
							on november 12, 2024


get ready for an evening of joy on friday, dec. 6, from 5-8 p.m. as the city of sugar land invites the community into the heart of the city for the annual christmas tree lighting at sugar land town square.			






sugar land launches engagement tool to increase transparency, trust 		



			posted
							on november 4, 2024


the city of sugar land recently launched a new resident feedback website – an online platform intended to enhance engagement with the sugar land community.			










/civicalerts.aspx


  
 













view more news










 
 
 



 














sugar land insightsget to know your city through its data.
 






  
 














sugar land performance 


take a look at strategic planning efforts and outcome areas, vision and values, organizational priorities, and performance metrics.			






permits and inspections hub 


data and insights into the performance of sugar land’s permitting process.			






mobility master plan 


the plan aims to achieve the city’s vision of superior mobility for the city, its residents, businesses, and visitors.			






gis hub site 


geospatial datasets, dashboards, interactive web and story maps applications.			






community crime map 


an easy-to-use online map to access crime and police report data from sugar land and surrounding jurisdictions.			










/civicalerts.aspx


  
 













view more data










 
 
 














city calendar & community hub
 






  
 




 city calendar
 community hub




 city calendar









february 2025




s


m


t


w


t


f


s




26
27
28
29
30
31
01

02
03
04
05
06
07
08

09
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
01










tue, feb 18  

city council meeting







tue, feb 25  

city council meeting






view city calendar




/calendar.aspx





 community hub





the sugar land community hub is where you can find information about local offerings, events, and activities in our community. stay up-to-date with the latest news and connect with other members of the community. 












 
 
 





 
 
 



  
 
 



 



  
 
 















 






  
 



  
 





notice of adopted tax ratecity of sugar land adopted a tax rate that will raise more taxes for maintenance and operations than last year’s tax rate. the tax rate will effectively be raised by 1.71 percent and will raise taxes for maintenance and operations on a $100,000 home by approximately $3.21.



 
 






contact information







the city of sugar land2700 town center blvd. northsugar land, tx 77479phone: 281-275-2900
 






  





quick links







city council



city management



city departments



fire-ems department







parks & recreation



police department



open records request



privacy and disclaimer







accessibility



have a question or suggestion?



site map









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



  
 
 



 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









