








apartments for rent | find and furnish an apartment | apartmentsearch























toggle navigation
                            menu 

 





sign in
register






search
$200 reward
favorites
furnish it!
moving
resources












the site that locates your next apartment and helps furnish it.




get $200 for furniture and whatever you need.




learn more
claim reward


learn more
claim reward







everyone


short term                                

student
military


location





go 


go 




 


i'm also interested in being contacted by cort regarding furniture rental











it couldn't be easier

            just list apartmentsearch.com as the way you found your apartment
            on your rental application and you get a $100 visa gift card for
            whatever you need and $100 cort bucks to buy or rent furniture.
            that's it. no catch. we can even help you find movers.
            why would you search anywhere else?
        

learn more



register to get it all

            register to get extra features and emails for
            available properties, add favorite properties
             and be eligible for your $200 rewards.  it's fast,
            free and we never share your email without your consent.
        

register





it couldn't be easier

            just list apartmentsearch.com as the way you found your apartment
            on your rental application and you get a $100 visa gift card for
            whatever you need and $100 cort bucks to buy or rent furniture.
            that's it. no catch. why would you search anywhere else?
        

learn more



register to get it all

            register to get extra features and emails for
            available properties, add favorite properties
            and be eligible for your $200 rewards.  it's fast,
            free and we never share your email without your consent.
        

register




resources






apartment safety and security

                                feel safe in your own apartment by following these tips on apartment safety and security from apartmentsearch.
                            





apartment safety tips for summer vacations

                                going on summer vacation? make sure your apartment, pets, and car are safe by following these 12 apartment safety tips!
                            





tips for apartment emergency preparedness

                                stay safe in your apartment during an emergency with these tips for being prepared from apartmentsearch.
                            





apartment parking safety & etiquette tips

                                don’t let apartment parking ruin your day! read these quick tips and tricks from apartmentsearch to stay safe and stay respectful in the parking lot.
                            





new apartment security & safety checklist

                                moving into a new apartment in a new city? when you're not familiar with your city, neighbors, or even the ins and outs of your apartment, things can get scary... fast. don't let your fears get the best of you. follow these tips to rest easy at night knowing you're safe and sound in your apartment.
                            





baton rouge moving guide

                                make your baton rouge move easy. start with this insider's guide to baton rouge, with info on the best baton rouge apartments, neighborhoods, and activities!
                            





detroit moving guide

                                detroit is making a cultural comeback, will you be there for it? check out this moving guide to determine if detroit is the right city for your next move.
                            





moving to music city? nashville moving guide

                                every day, 80 to 100 people move to nashville, tn. is it your turn? learn more about the city's best neighborhoods and top attractions, with apartmentsearch.
                            





louisville ky moving guide

                                thinking of moving to louisville? check out apartmentsearch.com’s guide to derby city’s neighborhoods, transportation, and what to do in louisville. 
                            





birmingham, al moving guide

                                hey y'all! moving to birmingham, al? make your move easier. check out apartmentsearch's top tips for birmingham apartments, entertainment, and transportation!
                            





moving to chicago: a city guide

                                make your move to chicago an easier one with apartmentsearch's help. check out our chicago city guide & list of chicago apartments for rent.
                            





mobile, al moving guide for renters

                                moving to an apartment in mobile, al? get your bearings ahead of time with a handy guide to neighborhoods, rent prices, and top things to do in mobile, al.
                            





best of austin, texas city guide

                                learn more about the great city of austin, texas before you move here. find out about the best restaurants, parts of town, & apartments.
                            





san francisco, ca moving guide

                                relocating? san francisco, ca is calling your name! check out san fran's best neighborhoods, transportation options, and top attractions, with apartmentsearch.
                            





corpus christi moving guide

                                wanna live by the beach without high rent prices? corpus christi might be the town for you. read our moving guide on what to know before you move to corpus! 
                            





charlotte, nc moving guide

                                considering a move to charlotte, nc? here’s apartmentsearch.com’s guide to charlotte neighborhoods, transportation, and what to do in charlotte.
                            





the renter's salt lake city moving guide

                                there's more to salt lake city than the mormon tabernacle. discover everything the crossroads of the west has to offer in apartmentsearch's salt lake city moving guide, specially prepared for renters in search of the best salt lake city apartments. learn about neighborhoods, things to do and more!
                            





moving to boston

                                moving to a new city is stressful. that's why apartmentsearch has created a boston moving guide to help you find an apartment and new things to do.
                            





minneapolis, mn moving guide for renters

                                wondering if minneapolis, mn is right for you? find the best neighborhood, transportation options, and attraction in minneapolis before your move!
                            





memphis, tn moving guide for renters

                                thinking of moving to memphis? make sure you’re ready to seize all the city has to offer! read up on memphis neighborhoods & attractions before you go.
                            





washington d.c. moving guide

                                relocating? find out why washington d.c. should be at the top of your list, then search for an apartment, with this ultimate guide from apartmentsearch.
                            





new brunswick moving guide

                                thinking of moving to new brunswick, nj? in apartmentsearch’s new brunswick moving guide, you’ll find intel on top neighborhoods, local attractions, and more!
                            





fort myers moving guide

                                wanna know if a move to fort myers is right for you? read our fort myers moving guide before your move for tips on neighborhoods, transportation, and more.
                            





cleveland moving guide

                                stop stressing about your move to cleveland, and let apartmentsearch help you with our cleveland moving guide, tips and apartments.
                            





moving to atlanta, georgia: advice for life in atlanta

                                if you're planning a move to atlanta, ga, use our handy guide to find the best neighborhoods, perfect apartment, and suggestions on what to do. trust apartmentsearch with your move!
                            





apartment staging tips

                                staging a model apartment for renters to tour? use our quick and easy guide to home staging for potential new tenants.
                            





what is the cort personal service guarantee?

                                renting furniture for your apartment? choose a company that respects its clients. cort furniture rental is dedicated to upholding its personal service guarantee. 
                            





the benefits of cort furniture rental for military members

                                are you a military service member moving to a new home? cort furniture rental is easy & convenient. learn more!
                            





student furniture rental

                                want to outfit your new apartmentsearch apartment with stylish, affordable furniture? learn more about cort’s rental furniture options.
                            





renting an apartment without us citizenship

                                renting an apartment in the u.s. when you’re on a visa or green card can be confusing! learn how to rent an apartment without citizenship, with apartmentsearch.
                            




‹
›




all
shortterm
military
student









contact us


broker license information


legal and privacy


property managers








texas real estate commission consumer protection notice  | 
                texas real estate commission information about brokerage services








                        © 2025 cort business services, inc. all rights reserved.  equal housing opportunity
                    

















×
sign in









one moment pleaseattempting to sign in



email address









password
forgot password?

show password




sign in
switch to register




having trouble?

                                need additional help or have questions, don't hesitate to contact us!  you can reach us at 1-800-apartment or
                                simply send an email to info@apartmentsearch.com and we will be glad to help.
                            
















×
register









one moment pleaseattempting to create account



registration is free and. . .
							registered users enjoy many more features
						



first name



last name





email address









password



confirm password











register
switch to login




                            by registering on apartment search, you agree to cort’s terms and conditions and privacy policy. registering allows you to save favorites, notes, and qualify for get my free $200 in rewards. when you like or favorite a property, you consent to cort sharing your personal information with the apartment community you like or favorite for revenue sharing purposes.  
                        



 © 2025 cort business services, inc. all rights reserved. equal housing opportunity























						searching for your next apartment....
					













						your session has timed out, you are being signed out.
					
ok













						your session will time out in 60 seconds.
					
extend
log off






















