












music garden bands - wedding music bands, party bands, and corporate events bands 800-689-2260

























    


































 







 










 1.800.689.2263







 wedding music bands • corporate bands • college bands • prom/homecoming bands • private party bandsdj • national bands • specialty acts






 








 

 





 




home






find a band

 






back




browse






search






wedding music bands






corporate event band






college band






high school band






private party band












blog






careers






about us

 






back




faq's






meet our agents












contact

 






back




submit your event






contact us






need an agent?

















bands available on my date »






 





 




home






find a band

 






back




browse






search






wedding music bands






corporate event band






college band






high school band






private party band












blog






careers






about us

 






back




faq's






meet our agents












contact

 






back




submit your event






contact us






need an agent?

















bands available on my date »







 











"the band. best decision we made. hands down."







"the band could not have been any better."







"they don't just play. they entertain."






homepage banner 1
test 3
test 2




 






 







browse by event type:wedding • corporate • college • prom/homecoming • private parties • dj • nationals • specialty acts












live wedding bands • party bands • corporate event bands




you deserve the best band
we'll make it happen
music garden is a booking agency that provides all styles of bands for events such as wedding receptions, private parties, corporate events, college parties(fraternity/sorority) fundraisers/charity events, mardi gras balls, and festivals.  booking the very best regional bands and national acts, music garden books talent at every level of stature in the industry. we have given our stamp of approval to an elite roster of the most exciting and professional bands in the united states.
as you view the bands and djs on our site, you will find that you recognize most of them.  our selection is now the most requested in the south (particularly alabama, georgia, florida, mississippi, north and south carolina, louisiana, tennessee, and virginia) .  over the last several years, we have had requests for the bands to play all over the north america!















 





view bands »
we understand that the band sets the tone for a wedding reception. the band defines the occasion. quite simply, the reception band is what makes the evening a success.









view bands »
we have been providing bands for social chairs, campus concerts, homecoming parties and alumni parties for nearly 30 years.









view bands »
music garden makes the job of the company event planner much easier. our roster of bands are experienced in entertaining guests at company holiday parties, conferences, conventions, and other corporate events.









view bands »
we provide national acts for all types of events. through the years, we have booked headliners and support acts for concerts, release tours, city festivals, large corporate events, and college concerts.









view acts »
no matter what your target audience is, we have acts to fit your needs. we book comedians, hypnotists, piano players, just about any type of specialty act to entertain for events such as company parties, private parties, and even for casinos.








 










featured acts
powerhouse
take three former members of “the tip-tops” and add three former members of “hotwire” and put a couple of new singers on board and this is what you get - one of florida and alabama's hottest bands! from the cities of mobile, alabama, pensacola, florida, fairhope, alabama, and biloxi, mississippi, powerhouse band is a high energy dance & party band that plays motown, top 40/pop, classic rock, oldies and variety songs - with songs that span 40 years, this dance group is a a great choice to please by entertaining guests of all ages. assembled in 2003, this party band has taken off and never looked back. don’t be left out.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
fountain city players
fountain city players is a six piece to nine piece musical picturesque adventure into sound, sight, and mind. with a wealth of performing experience, georgia cover band, fountain city players and its members collectively and individually have performed in some of the hottest clubs, prestigious wedding receptions and events in the region. considered one of the best motown bands in the region!
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
big bling and the funk machine
get ready for a band that is capable of playing the hits from the swing and jazz era all the way to today’s hits! the one objective of this atlanta, georgia-based dynamic party band is to bring every guest to the dance floor to show off their moves and transition to a better and stronger tune every four or five minutes until there is nothing left but a fantastic memory.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
norris dates and power surge
need the perfect dance band? look out! norris dates and power surge has arrived on the party band circuit and this dance and show band is hot! norris, along with his support cast of rhythm section, horns and front line is full of energy that will keep your dance floor jumping as they play everything from the classic standards to r&b, funk, motown, rock, country, jazz to hip-hop, motown, disco, and oldies to today's pop hits.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
atlanta party band
atlanta party band's name almost says it all but there's even more to know. the band leader, a veteran musical-director in the atlanta, georgia wedding scene, has put together a group that is custom-tailored to bring an energetic "wow-factor" to your wedding event. they are a dynamic nine piece unit, with multiple singers out front: female and male, plus a five-piece band: keyboards, guitar, drums, bass and horn.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
main attraction
this atlanta dance band, the main attraction band is one of the hottest party bands in the land today. since 2009, the main attraction band has been wowing audiences all over the southeast with their entertaining show. the band's song list includes motown classics, swing, yacht rock, funk, and top 40 hits. consisting of 5 accomplished musicians and 4 amazingly talented singers/dancers on the front line, tma is ready to dazzle your guests. horns can also be added(up to 4) for an extra cost! call or email music garden to book the main attraction today.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
4 barrel funk
some of the best vocalists and musicians in the gulf coast area assembled to bring some of the best showmanship in the southeast united states. glowing reviews come back week after week as the band plays over 50 shows per year. if you are looking for a band that will make your event unforgettable, use 4 barrel funk, from pensacola,florida, mobile,alabama and biloxi, mississippi, one of the panhandle's top motown bands, and dance and party bands.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
big night dynamite
big night dynamite- a georgia wedding band gets their name honestly because their performance is dynamite and makes for a big night! this dance and show band has three awesome front performers: two incredible male vocalists who dance with the best of them and tedra, who is an award winning dance and vocal phenom. big night dynamite's fantastic band has previously traveled with the temptations, platters, and coasters. for a lot of occasions you can add their explosive horn section. get ready for the night of your life! your reception!
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
creativity
creativity band is capable of playing a huge variety of music and will give you a dance and party set that you won't soon forget! one great georgia cover band! creativity band from atlanta, georgia is a high energy dance & party band that plays motown, top 40/pop, classic rock, oldies and variety songs. this band is perfect for wedding receptions, fraternity parties, sorority parties, mardi gras balls, high school proms, company parties, fundraisers and other events.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
trotline
trotline has become the #1 choice in the south for country to variety parties. started in the 90s playing clubs and fraternity parties, the georgia country band has become a household name. the band has played for celebrities, athletes, festivals, fundraisers, receptions and corporate parties while still remaining one of the top choices on campus!
learn more +
  learn more +





featured acts
2nd coming
an alabama dance and show band that has performed hundreds of private events over the last decade, 2nd coming is the result of the hard work and genius of entrepreneur and front man, jerome mcqueen. with male and female vocals, horn, and an outstanding band, each member brings all they have to the stage every night. 2nd coming band members, either collectively or individually have played for or with steve harvey, al green, usher, percy sledge, four tops, alabama, and commodores.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
city heat
city heat is a versatile cover band that offers a variety of musical entertainment. musical choices include r&b, motown, blues, funk, jazz, rock & roll, 80's, and standards. one of your favorite georgia cover bands! city heat has been playing in atlanta, savannah, macon, columbus, dalton, statesboro, and thomasville, georgia for years.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
compozitionz
you have to see it to believe it. with an explosive chemistry that cannot be duplicated, compozitionz has fused rhythm and blues, gospel, jazz and classical genres of music and created a blend that will leave you captivated. these jackson, ms natives, having traveled the nation performing with and for such musical icons as michael bolton, grace bumbry, cassandra wilson, peabo bryson, ronald isley, and an array of artists from germany, sweden and italy.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
ty reynolds band
ty reynolds is breathing new life into a timeless sound with his personal brand of reminiscent rock that is brand-spanking new. backed by a four-piece band, ty’s soulful singing and pop-inspired guitar riffs grind each melody right into your heart with a definable familiarity that will stick in your head for weeks. whether they’re jamming on originals or bringing their own brand of mojo to familiar cover tunes, ty always leaves you wanting more.
learn more +
learn more +





featured acts
five star funk lounge
atlanta’s own five star funk lounge is second to none. this is the perfect band for any planner or bride who wants to "wow" their guests. whether your event is in atlanta, georgia, las vegas, nevada, dallas texas, napa valley, california, palm beach, florida vail, colorado, charleston, south carolina, or any city in the united states, this band will travel! even exotic locations such as cancun or cabo san lucas, mexico, portugal, the caribbean, paris, or any other international event- this band can make it happen in a big way.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
accent
accent has been playing for company parties, formals and receptions since the mid 90s. their showmanship and professionalism has made this band one of our most requested bands.great alabama cover band! this band is perfect for mardi gras balls, company parties, conventions, fundraisers and other events.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
az izz
az izz is known as one of the most versatile, high energy dance and show bands around. the band has become a top choice for corporate parties and wedding receptions. for quite some time, az-izz was the top choice for carnival cruise lines corporate shows. having played for dozens of celebrities, the band has shared the stage for first dance songs with the likes of tim mcgraw, and vince gill.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
musical fantasy
with musicians from the mobile, alabama, pensacola, florida, fairhope, alabama, daphne, alabama, spanish fort alabama, and biloxi, mississippi, musical fantasy has become the first choice for high end weddings all over the region. so far, this band is batting a thousand in getting great reviews from each bride's wedding reception. this wedding band goes out as an eleven member group that is phenomenal at what they do! musical fantasy plays a complete variety of music from big band era to hip hop and top 40.
learn more +
 learn more +





featured acts
park band
the park band came together for the first time in the summer of 2008 and has been playing for hundreds of fans since. the alabama cover band's amazing vocals, unforgettable harmonica, incredible guitar riffs, and hard hitting rhythm section gives the park band a sound like no other that has no particular genre but their own. with their energetic performances, they bring fun and excitement everywhere they go. the park band is always playing something everyone can enjoy, everything from the beatles to journey and tom petty to led zeppelin.
learn more +
  learn more +





featured acts
fly by radio
this 80s, 90s rock band has a show that includes 4 great performers, a huge sound and light package and a fantastic female lead vocalist
learn more +
 learn more +





 






 




by type
wedding reception bands • corporate bands • college bands • high school bands (proms/homecomings) • private parties • djs • nationals bands







by style
motown bands • r&b bands • jazz bands • 70s bands • 80s bands • 90s bands • beach bands • beach & shag bands • luau bands • hip hop bands • top 40 bands • country bands • rock bands • jam bands • tribute bands • oldies bands • dance bands • party bands • funk bands • swing bands • bluegrass • acoustic bands • latin bands • cajun bands • zydeco bands • cover bands • live bands






search for bands










all bands
college bands
corporate event bands
dj

high school event bands
nationals
private party bands
specialty acts
wedding reception bands





search




advanced search





 






 









                                bmw

                                                            






                                al power

                                                            






                                easter seals

                                                            






                                chevy

                                                            






                                brasfield & gorrie

                                                            






                                dr horton

                                                            






                                marines

                                                            






                                marriott

                                                            






                                jackson thornton

                                                            






                                uab

                                                            






                                sca

                                                            






                                crc

                                                            






                                amcon

                                                            






                                baptist

                                                            






                                mannington

                                                            






                                novelis

                                                            






                                peopletec

                                                            






                                nap

                                                            






                                southland

                                                            






                                chickfila

                                                            



 






 




live bands near me - cover bands near me



1-900 band
17th floor
1964 tribute band
2 guys dj service
2krunk band
2nd coming band
2nd groove showband
3lau band
4 barrel funk band
4 on the floor band
5 & a dime band
8th street band
a1a band
accent band
act of congress
aer
afroman band
albert simpson and the contingent
all funk radio band
american flyers band
andy smith band
anutha level band
atlanta party band
atlanta pleasure band
atlanta sound band
atomic party shakers
az-izz band
b.o.b.
baby black band
badstick
bag of donuts band
balloon artists
bama breeze band

band 24/7
band x
basics band
ben sutton band
benjy davis band
big bling and the funk machine
big gigantic
big nekkid
big night dynamite
big sam band
billy scott & the prophets band
bird peterson band
black jacket band
blackberry breeze
blanton callen
blanton reed band
blue denim band
blues factor band

bo henry band
bob cummings & the reflections band
bobby j & stuff like that band
bobby moore and the rhythm aces
bonus round
boogie freaks band
booty shakers band
bottoms up band
bourbon street the band
boy named banjo
boyz ii men
breeze band
brent gafford band
bridge walkers
brother 2 brother band
brothership band
cadillac high band
cam pyle band
candyland band
caribbean cowboys band
caricature artists
casino night
caution band
cbdb
chairmen of the board band
charlie muncaster
cheesebrokers band
chee-weez band
cherub
chevy 6 band
chris roberts
chubby carrier and the bayou swamp band
circling venus
city heat band
coconut cowboys band

comedians
complete desire band
compozitionz band
cool rayz band
cooper trent
corey smith band
creativity band
crescent city soul
crime mob
crystal clear band
culture dred band
culture sol band
custard pie
dark side of the dead band
dave matthews tribute band
dean dollar band
deja blue band
delicious band
delta house band
deputy 5 band
diane mcintosh band
divines
dj alx
dj ob1
doug clark's hot nuts band
dr. zarr's amazing funkmonster band
drifters (bennie anderson's drifters) band
dropouts
dueling pianos
dustin lynch
dwanna hughes & prime time band
dysfunkshun junkshun band
d'zyre band
eagle pritchard murray band
educators band

elite ovations
emerald city band
equinox jazz orchestra band

eric lee beddingfield
established
even odds
excalibur band & show
executive soul
fabulous classics band
familiar faces band

five finger discount band
five star funk lounge
flame bartenders
flavor big band
flow tribe band
fly-by radio band
fountain city players band
funktion band
future & sir lazenby

ghostland observatory
gino band
goat hill string band
gorilla zoe
gr8fldüde & frenz
gramatik
grasshopper stringband
groove merchants band
groovethang
grooves
gwen hughes and the retro jazz cats
haute chile band
headliners
heart to heart band
heartbeat dance band
heather hayes experience
heit band
high frequency band
higher ground band
highly kind
hightide blues
highway 55 band
hip service
hogg mountain luggnuts band
honeywood band
hot wire
hollywood band
hot sauce

hypnotists
impersonators
infinity show band
jamey johnson
jason jones band
jason miller
jaystorm project
jaz - the beat rider
jazz masters band
jeremy davis and the equinox jazz band
joe muscolino band
johnny white & the elite band
jon langston
junior's band orchestra
juvenile

kane and the catalina kings
kenny and dustin
kontraband
ktg entertainment band

kung pow band
lamont landers band
last waltz band
lava lamp band
layne
lc rocks band
lionel richie
little raine band
live by satellite
livewire band
living statues
living toy soldiers
london calling band
loose chain
love jones band
lucky town band

magicians
main attraction
malemen band
mama's love
mamasita band
mariachi
marshall tucker band
massive impact band
matchmaker band
matt carroll and the browncoats
matt jones
max headroom band
meet the press band
michael mcdonald
michael stacey band
mighty untouchables
milkman dj
mimes
mother funk
mo jiles band

mojeaux band
molly ringwalds band
montgomery jazz orchestra band
moon dance band
mother funk
mothership band
mr. big band
muddy sandals band
murder mystery theater
muscadine bloodline
musical fantasy band
nappy roots
nationwide coverage band
negotiators band

neil clayton band
neutral snap
new york minute
newsboyz band
night shift band
no idea band
norris dates and power surge
o'kaysions
orange krush band
papa c & the slammin' horns
park band
parrot tales band
party crashers
party nation band
patrick smith band

peace and love band
permagroove
permanent vacation band
phase 5
phat hat band
philly party band
pigeons playing ping pong
platinum band
plato jones
porta party dj
powerhouse band
pretty lights
professor d band
r funk and the groove sharks band
radio star band
rebel
red wine band
redshirt freshmen

reliance band
remix
respectables
return
rexton lee
rez
rhythm nation band
rich boy
riff raff
riley green
rise band and show
river dan band
rob kent & the texas t band

rollex band
rollin' in the hay band
rolling tones
roscoe dash
rubiks groove
rudy and the professionals
rupert's orchestra band
ryan kinder band
salsa

sammy o`banion with mardi gras band
sandy b & the allstars band
sapphire sky
sapphire twist
satisfaction
savoy band

scott johnson band
sid phelps
simply amazing
siren's crush
skizzy mars
skyline drive band
sol definition
souled out band
southern charm & swing band
southside of the tracks
special edition band
standard time jazz combo band
steel toe stiletto
stephanie-n-style band
steven padilla band
sticky fingers
still cruzin' band
stolen faces
stonewall station
stringbenders band
style
summerdaze band

super mash brothers band
super t (tyrone smith review) band
superfunk fantasy band
sweet young'uns band
swingin' medallions band
swizzlelink
syndicate band
taboo austin band

tams (original) band
tapestry band

teenage daddy band
tekneek band

the city party band
the brook and the bluff
the deadfields
the pictures band
the prom knights

the regulars band

the shakedown band
the sly band
the vegabonds band
the white panda

third language band
thomas rhett
throwback band

tim tyler's piano experience
time to move band
time trax band
tip tops band
to the 9s
todd simpson & mojo child band
tony howard band
too much sylvia band
too white crew band
topcats band
total assets band

trance illumination
travis allison band
trent turner band
trey lewis
trinidad james
trotline band
troy laz and 2 hipnotic
t.u.b. the unknamed band
twisted hip band
two friends
tyler farr
u.b.u. the band
ultra nexus
underground railroad band
undergrounders band
u-neek flavur band
union road
unity band
uptown entertainment band
u.s band
ultra nexus
vanic
vieux carree band
vintage soul band
waka flocka
wes loper band
whiskey river band
wildcat band
windstorm band
wonderfuls
yachtley crue
ying yang twins
yung joc
z & the party faktory band1-900 band
zewmob
zoso



find motown bands near me - find r&b bands near me - find 70s bands near me - find 80s bands near me - find 90s bands near me - find acoustic bands near me - find beach bands near me - find beach & shag bands near me - find blugrass bands near me - find country bands near me - find dance bands near me -find funk bands near me - find hip hop bands near me -find jam bands near me -find jazz bands near me -find luau bands near me -find oldies bands near me - find party bands near me - find rock bands near me - find top 40 bands near me - find tribute bands near me - find zydeco bands near me


find wedding bands near me - find corporate event bands near me - find college bands near me - find djs near me - find high school bands near me - find private party bands near me - find national bands near me


search for wedding bands by style - search for corporate event bands by style - search for college bands by style - search for djs by style - search for high school bands by style - search for private party bands by style - search for national bands by style









find a band | blog | careers | about us | contact us| sitemap


wedding music bands | corporate bands | college bands | high school bands | dj | nationals | specialty acts






 


















 

music garden • 241 mendel parkway east, montgomery, alabama 36117 • 1 (800) 689-2263 • 1 (334) 260-0407 • 






 
	copyright ©
		2025
			music garden
	

















