


college of arts and science | miami university





















































	skip to main content
	







universal utility links



















main menu























top destinations

 mymiami

 workday

 news and events

 pay my bill

 one stop

 libraries




connect





























sitewide links
























										college of arts and science
									


academics


admission


inclusive excellence approach


research


cas means careers


student resources and opportunities


explore all of cas


about



























solving problems for people and planet.











        					    immersive courses. engaged faculty. inspired scholars. these are the heart of miami university’s diverse arts and science curriculum. the college of arts and science (cas) fosters a climate that promotes intellectual discovery and personal development through 50+ undergraduate majors and co-majors, dozens of minors, and 40+ graduate degree programs. whatever your passion, cas will equip you to obtain a great career that enables you to live your dreams, enact meaningful change, and become the person you desire to be.
 
        					




            						request information
            						







quick links

academic advising


support cas


faculty and staff resources


alumni resources


view our 2024 themebook


departments, centers, institutes, and programs


cas news and events


2025 recognition ceremony












shape your own path to tomorrow
















where passion and talent create change and opportunity 


discover why arts and science graduates are sought by top employers.

discover your possibilities




1 in 3

                                                                                                                                                                                    undergraduates doing research in experiential environments alongside leading faculty
                                                                                                                                                        




98.4%

                                                                                                                                                                                    of may 2022 graduates are employed or enrolled in graduate school by fall
                                                                                                                                                        




92%

                                                                                                                                                                                    of 2022-23 senior miami applicants were accepted to law school (compared to 80% national average for the same period)
                                                                                                                                                        




60.4%

                                                                                                                                                                                    of first-time applicants were accepted into medical school; around 20% higher than national average
                                                                                                                                                        







explore the scope and diversity of our majors and opportunities. prepare for a fulfilling career.








natural and biological sciences





explore programs in biological, physical, and environmental sciences, data science, and mathematics that ignite your curiosity with hands-on research, real-world experiences, and career-driven opportunities—propelling you toward success in graduate school and dynamic, fulfilling careers.






social sciences





dive into the dynamic world of social sciences, where you'll explore human behavior, society, and culture through immersive studies, hands-on research, global experiences, and transformative resources like the sue j. henry center and the social justice internship program—empowering you to shape impactful careers.






humanities





the humanities invite you to delve into the essence of human experience through engaging research, immersive internships, and interdisciplinary opportunities—empowering personal growth and launching impactful careers in fields like business, healthcare, and beyond.













        				        why arts and science?
        				    

        				        
        				        at miami university's college of arts and science, you’ll get a broad and diverse education that offers the "best of both worlds" — opportunities and resources typically found at much larger universities in a more intimate, personalized, interactive environment. you’ll gain critical thinking and communication skills through our rich diversity of rigorous academic opportunities and experiences. you'll cultivate intellect and creativity as we work toward the common good. and you'll develop the key building blocks to a happy, successful career in our ever-changing, globally minded workforce.
        				        
        				    




                					undergraduate programs
                					





                					combined and graduate programs
                					















news and events in the college of arts and science






        			    read more cas news
        			    














alumni success
                         •                                                                                                                             campus announcements
                         •                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     oxford and beyond



                										distalmotion ceo greg roche ‘95 to share his career path with students 
                									


2/17/25















oxford and beyond
                         •                                                                                                                             campus announcements
                         •                                                                                                                                                                                         excellence and expertise



                										cincinnati reds interpreter to provide career insights for spanish majors and minors
                									


1/24/25















excellence and expertise



                										miami physician associate studies program earns honor from orha
                									


1/01/25




















see more events




submit an event
 










this is our story. make it yours.
want to know what the miami experience is all about? meet the people who make miami such a special place.








                                                                            chanakya pandya '25
                                                                    








                                                                            abby rineer ’25
                                                                    








                                                                            evelyn morrison '25
                                                                    














meet some of our accomplished students






        			    see more spotlights
        			    













        								        										lehua hoops '26
        								


        							                                                                                                                                                                                                     biology 
                         •                                                                                                                                                                                         mallory wilson center for healthcare education 
                                            							










        								        										ann bixel '27
        								


        							                                                                                                                                                                                                 english 
                         •                                                                                                                                                                                         psychology 
                         •                                                                                                                                                                                         gramelac 
                                            							










        								        										april sanders '26
        								


        							                                                                                                                                                                                                 geography 
                         •                                                                                                                                                                                         institute for the environment and sustainability 
                         •                                                                                                                                                                                         geology 
                                            							


















meet our teacher-scholars 





























steven conn
w.e. smith professorhistorycollege of arts and science

"what i most enjoy about teaching at miami is the extent to which i am able to experiment with new methods and to try out new ideas with students who are keen to try new things too. i have the flexibility to explore things that i think students will find interesting or which are driving my own scholarly interests at a given moment. i think my scholarship has enriched my teaching but i know beyond a doubt that teaching miami students has enriched my scholarship."





        							teacher-scholar profiles
        							









rodney coates
professorglobal and intercultural studiescollege of arts of science

"as a teacher-scholar, i actively engage my students in research, knowledge production, and critical reflection. miami university encourages excellence in its students and its faculty. it is a place where the teacher-scholar model becomes how we foster critical inquiry and maximize student achievement. at miami, it is not through indoctrination and memorization, but student engagement and scholarship by which learning is accomplished."





        							teacher-scholar profiles
        							









renate crawford
adjunct professorphysicscollege of arts of science

"the teacher-scholar model enables me to lift complicated concepts out of the textbook and show real-world examples to reinforce the underlying physics. students are introduced to contemporary translational and applied research as they learn the basic principles of physics. faculty at miami are both teachers and scholars, transforming their classrooms through research, creating a vibrant teaching and learning environment, introducing students to what researchers and scholars are thinking about in their disciplines."





        							teacher-scholar profiles
        							









patrick haney
professorpolitical sciencecollege of arts and science

 





        							teacher-scholar profiles
        							









cameron hay-rollins
chair and professoranthropologycollege of arts and science

"research is an adventure. as an anthropologist, i seek to understand how people cope with suffering, illness, and inequity.  whether in indonesia, india, or indiana, i venture into the unknowns of research to find evidence of how we might promote resilience, well-being, and equity in the most vulnerable moments of people’s lives. research is an exciting activity, and miami’s teacher-scholar model allows me to invite students into scholarly conversations and the surprising joy of pursuing research adventures."





        							teacher-scholar profiles
        							









emily legg
associate professorenglishcollege of arts and science

"as faculty, it is so invigorating to find that miami students are reflective and active participants in their learning experiences, rather than just sitting back and passively consuming the materials i’ve provided. together, we all strive to create a knowledge-making community in the classroom, where i find myself both teaching and constantly learning from students in ways that grows my own scholarship. by challenging ourselves to become better teacher-scholars, we all can create spaces where community knowledge can happen and inclusive teaching begins."





        							teacher-scholar profiles
        							









wayne nirode
assistant professormathcollege of arts and science

“when i began thinking about leaving high school for the next phase of my professional career, it was important for me to go to a university that valued both teaching and research. to me, this is at the heart of the teacher-scholar model. after being at miami university for six years, i do not think that i could have found a university that better aligns with my views on teaching and researching — in short the teacher-scholar model. i am proud to say that miami is my professional home.”





        							teacher-scholar profiles
        							









arnold olszewski
associate professorspeech pathology and audiologycollege of arts and science

"as an instructor, my goal is to help future speech-language pathologists develop assessment and intervention plans using evidence-based methods. as a researcher, my goal is to work with students to develop, evaluate, and revise techniques for teaching early literacy skills. what i love about miami is the strong emphasis on both teaching and research. many schools prioritize one over the other, but i believe these go hand-in-hand. my favorite thing is getting a student who is scared of research to develop their own project and see the excitement they feel when they get their results."





        							teacher-scholar profiles
        							









rosemary pennington
associate professor, journalism area coordinatormedia, journalism, and filmcollege of arts and science




        							teacher-scholar profiles
        							









vaishali raval
professorpsychologycollege of arts and science




        							teacher-scholar profiles
        							









elizabeth wardle
roger and joyce howe distinguished professor of written communication and director english, howe center for writing excellence




        							teacher-scholar profiles
        							









ellen yezierski
professor and directorchemistry and biochemistry, center for teaching excellencecollege of arts and science




        							teacher-scholar profiles
        							









david berg
university distinguished professorbiologycollege of arts and science

"in biology at miami, we engage students in the classroom, in the laboratory, and in the field. our undergraduates have the rare opportunity to conduct novel and timely research under the guidance of talented graduate students and passionate faculty. our research on freshwater invertebrates both guides and supports conservation actions by numerous state and federal agencies."





        							teacher-scholar profiles
        							









             




the college of arts and science
representing nearly half of all students, the college of arts and science (cas) is miami university's largest division and the centerpiece of liberal arts — the wide range of subjects in the natural sciences, social sciences, and humanities crucial for the development of key professional skills desired by employers.















                                                                            contact us
                                                                    

100 bishop circle143 upham hallmiami universityoxford, ohio 45056cas@miamioh.edu513-529-1234
     






                                                                            related links
                                                                    


cas advising
cas inclusive excellence
give to cas
alumni resources
faculty resources
cas web change or profile requests











visit
there’s a lot to say about one of america’s most beautiful campuses. find out why so many choose miami for their most memorable years.




        				schedule a visit
        				









apply
the big question is, “where will you go after college?” with a degree from miami university, the answer is, “wherever you want.”




        				apply now
        				

























