



9-11 was an inside job - a call to true patriots








dvds
 
rubber stamps
 
911 books



t-shirts


buttons

our contact info:

		 911sharethetruth.com
        po box 600
        bayside ca 95524


email regarding orders:resources@
        911sharethetruth.com

gabriel speaking along withjan hoyer of www.digitalstyledesigns.comin oklahoma city about the blossoming 9-11 truth movement.
more photos and reports from the speakers forum, ten years later event
http://okc.digitalstyledesigns.com/speakersforum/index.html
 

11 remarkablefacts cards
9/11 info cards


find the clues
disprove the mythof 9/119/11 postcards











 


  we hope our website provides a helpful range of information, resources and networking to empower the blossoming 9/11 truth movement. since 2003 we have been trying to develop and help distribute resources addressing this momentous issue. we greatly appreciate all the efforts that so many of you are courageously undertaking to expose the lies in the official story of september 11th.



visibility posters




and banners!

9/11 stickers






9/11 mini-stickers
full color stickers





deception dollars


 9/11 and theamerican empireby david ray griffinavailable on cd


 globaloutlookmagazines




free downloadable poster





















dvds | 
audio/media cds | 
dvd/cd sleeves | 
books | 
magazines | 
brochures
stickers | 
full color stickers | 
mini stickers | 
buttons | 
deception dollars
info cards/sheets | 
postcards | 
posters/banners | 
t-shirts | 
rubber stamps
quotes/free banners |
video for viewing/downloading | 
grassroots local groups
order form | 
about us | 
recommended links | 
contact us


9/11 truth for dummies cards!
  
mix and match with our other 10 cards!


newest deception dollars (version 13) now available!click the image to view the details.




inside job? plastic roll bannersare pre-emptive messages to expose false flag events such as 9/11.
each banner section is 3 feet by 2 feet and comes on a perforated roll, which makes it easy to make long banners!








the "forever vigilant" 9/11 mailer
features subversive stamp design, a .41-cent forever stamp, an astounding 9/11 quiz, a provocative cartoon/illustration, and empty space for your personal message.






foreknowledge of wtc7's collapse analysis at wtc7.net


 
 here's a brief statement on the opportunity that is before us:


 
  we are on the verge of an important milestone in our world's political history. state-sponsored false flag operations, the central weapon of governments seeking a pretext for war and domestice repression can be eliminated forever. george santayana wrote: "those who do not learn from history are condemned to repeat it." today we have an opportunity to learn from our past and forge a new era in human sovereignty while righting the scales of justice. horrible crimes against humanity were committed on 9/11 and the true criminals need to be identified and removed from positions of power in our world.
  modern people-to-people global communications provides the potential for building a worldwide awareness of these previously hidden sinister acts and a level of transparency of governance never before imaginable. it is our hope that as this millennium develops, we here in america will once again make a significant contribution to the progress of human freedom and self-determination by freeing ourselves and the world from this malevolent empire propped up by deceit and propaganda.
  at our birth as a nation we fought against a militaristic empire bent on dominating us. now it is time for us to put to the test the strategies of nonviolence that dr. king and gandhi have urged us to pursue. once again we must struggle for freedom from oppression. this time we must overcome an orwellian media and global network of forces in the shadows that have tried to control us through these false-flag "terrorist attacks" which have included the 1993 wtc bombing, the oklahoma city bombings, the london attacks of 7-7 and the vile crime of september 11th, 2001.
  at the emergency truth convergence in the summer of 2005 (www.truthemergency.us) we said: the fear ends here. we urge you again to throw out your fears and embrace the joy and glory of working together as brothers and sisters in a common cause. let us unite with all who choose to join us and sound an alarm as well as a declaration that we are free and in charge of our own destiny as awakened and empowered citizens shaping a better world. a post-9/11 truth world has a huge upside for all of us - let's keep our eyes on that silver lining beyond the dark clouds currently surrounding us.




a call to all true patriots to investigate september 11
  we have actively studied the questionable nature of the official version of what happened to our nation on september 
          11, 2001. throughout the first year after 9-11 we ignored and did not 
          believe those who asked us to question the official story. like millions 
          of americans we believed america had been attacked by terrorists from 
          abroad. sadly, we are now convinced that rogue elements within our government 
          committed a vicious criminal act against its own citizens for the larger 
          purpose of swaying us to support both domestic and foreign policies 
          mapped out in the late 1990's. 9-11 was hitler's reichstag fire of 1933 
          and roosevelt's pearl harbor masterfully coordinated to achieve the 
          desired ends of an imperialistic role for america in the world, patriotic 
          support at home and the erosion of our constitutional rights. in a nutshell, 
          the war on terrorism is a cruel hoax by a misguided, out-of-democratic 
          control small group of individuals sabotaging the best of american values. 
          we are in the midst of a constitutional crisis combined with severe 
          domination from an orwellian corporate media knowingly or unknowingly 
          being of service to the true powerbrokers behind the curtain.

  we feel like we are 
          living in the "matrix" where we can blend in, but knowing 
          something is horribly wrong and must be exposed. the quality of life 
          for all of our loved ones is at stake along with the hopes of millions 
          of people for a world of peace, freedom and ecological sustainability. 
          if just a few of you take the time to study a little more and become 
          involved in the 9-11 truth movement we will be greatly appreciative. 
          we strongly feel that everyone should involve themselves in this effort 
          to expose the truth about 9-11 and in the greatest push ever from the 
          grassroots to nonviolently replace our current despotic leadership. 
          it would have tremendous positive consequences, if similar to the fall 
          of nixon over watergate, that the bush administration was exposed on 
          this and replaced. this outrageous criminal act must be brought to justice 
          and our freedoms restored. we need to reach out now to all those who 
          may be willing to hear, break the silence and take courageous action.
- gabriel day and supporters



unplug the war machine 
by facing the disturbingtruth behind the events of september 11, 2001
 they lied about iraq and afghanistan and just about everything else.
why are we willing to accept their version of 9/11
that made it all possible?

initially, most of us fell for their version of the events.but then came the slip-ups.  the leaseholder of the world trade center admitted on pbs in 'rebuilding america' that wtc-7 was 'pulled' on 9/11 (see video here in windows media format), which is the standard slang for controlled demolition.

look at the tapes from that day when tv anchors, aaron brown and dan rather first said the very same words about the collapses.  firefighters and rescue workers talked about explosives and bombs going off, all over in the buildings.
recall the horrific images of the over 100-story towers coming down at free-fall speed, defying the laws of physics.
recall the engineers who first stated that the planes and fires alone could not have caused the deadly collapse.
now the evidence is gone, witnesses silenced, and an independent, real investigation never happened. 

sure, it is hard to accept that we have all been fooled so long,
but only discovering and facing the truth will set the u.s. free.
- 9-11 truth activist of northern california
join the 9-11 truth movement and expose the lies
that will pull out the bottom card in theirhouse of cards.




 a great place to start to learn and understand more about the 9/11 truth movement is at www.911truth.org





























