

island information, island travel tips and island reviews - itsislandtime.com






island information, island travel tips and island reviews - itsislandtime.com - welcome
















 




   itsislandtime.com
 

 









 
home page








articles
 
st. john
hillcrest guest house, st. john, us virgin islands
vacation rental suites with ocean views and nearby to downtown cruz bay.
mar 19, 2013, 19:58
st. john
more mongoose junction st john usvi
up to date information on mongoose junction on st john usvi
nov 12, 2009, 08:41
ambergris caye
ambergris caye, belize 

oct 19, 2009, 19:49
island time
island time design
inspired by the tropical outdoor lifestyle, markus lehtovirta brings generations of furniture building experience to florida suncoast.  


oct 11, 2009, 20:14
galveston island
a vacation favorite
galveston island is our favorite place to vacation.  the ambiance is great, the people friendly. very laid back, very texas, but 'more so'. something extra.
may 13, 2009, 15:44
st. john
fish trap re-opens with new/old chef-owner
the fish specials are the way to go. enjoy!
aug  7, 2008, 15:10
st. john
sweet plantains
great food and music! only authentic island food on st.john
jul  8, 2008, 22:28
paros
all you need to know about paros island
find it all out about paros island! you can read about the following: 

- where is exactly paros? (map of the cyclades) 
- how can i get there? 
- climate (check out the weather) 
- a bit of history
- getting around - paroikia (map of paros)
- naoussa
- marble quarries (marmara)
- lefkes
- the eastern coast
- alyki
- antiparos (map of paros and antiparos 2.) 

feb 23, 2008, 16:28
st. john
fish trap, st. john, usvi, has gone downhill badly
our recent experience confirmed what locals warned us about. fish trap restaurant on st. john has gone downhill badly. dinner took two hours to arrive, no glasses for water, first basket of bread arrived after the first hour, second basket about 25 minutes later. the management was defensive and unfriendly, commenting only that "you did not have reservations," even though half the tables were empty when we arrived.
feb 14, 2008, 10:47
bali
bali island
bali, a tropical island in the indonesian archipelago, is so picturesque and immaculate it could almost be a painted backdrop. (http://baliglobal.webng.com/)
dec 31, 2007, 01:40


more articles


















share your experience












advanced search










 latest headlines 











site map

© copyright 2003 by itsislandtime.com
top of page












welcome to itsislandtime.com, an interactive website for sharing island experiences and island information, as well as island vacation reviews and travel tips. to view published articles, choose the article from summary lists or headline lists, or use the dropdown menus at the top of the page to select an island.

what is "island time"? when we hear that expression used, we are sometimes inclined to think things aren't moving fast enough, but perhaps, we need to move a bit slower ourselves. when we travel, we can have a much more pleasant time if we adopt a "when in rome, do as the romans do" approach to life. if things move a bit slower, and we slow down ourselves, we are able to participate and communicate with what is going on around us. the "island time" category is for general comments about "island time", and each island may have its' own variation.

tropical islands may be the starting point of the itsislandtime.com website. however, any island is fair game, even coney island.  the atlantic ocean, indian ocean, pacific ocean, caribbean, mediterranean, and gulf of mexico are broad areas of possible island review and travel tips, but by no means are they regional limits. the islands listed are also intended to be reference points, and not limits. any island in any body of water, whether ocean or lake or bay is worthy of your review and shared experience. did you get there by plane, or on a cruise, or did you drive? did you go shopping, and where? where did you do your dining? did you take in the sights and go to the beaches, or just relax? where did you stay? do you prefer resorts, hotels or villas, or do you go camping. was your experience good, or not so good? do you live on an island? share your experience

if your island is not yet listed, click add an island, and choose the category 'other'. fill in the 'other island name' field and the 'other island location' field, and proceed with entering your article.

while the goal of itsislandtime.com is to be fun and informative for the visitor, shared island experiences and island reviews can certainly be across the spectrum, from great to not so great, and article size can vary from brief island travel tips to lengthy and detailed island reviews, complete with pictures and links to other sites.

for places that are not islands, enter the not an island section of itsislandtime.com. click here to share an experience about a place that is not an island.
this is a moderated site. the moderator will review all articles prior to final publishing. this will result in a slight delay, but usually not more than one day, between original authorship and final publication. with the exception of adding links where deemed appropriate, the moderator will not edit any content, and in general only articles that have nothing to do with islands, or that contain material that could be considered offensive will be rejected.

it is not the object of itsislandtime.com to collect any information about visitors or those who share their experiences. feel free to use your real name or a pen name. if you want to communicate with other visitors, feel free to include your e-mail address in your article.
to contact the webmaster, send e-mail to the beachcomber. no information provided outside the actual published article will be shared with anyone without your express permission or instruction.

to share your experiences, simply click on the share your experience link which can be found on every page of the itsislandtime.com web site. this will bring you to the user interface. the (?) links on the user iinterface provide help files. click here to preview the printer friendly help file.

sometimes it's easiest to compose an article off line on your local computer, using any word processor or text editor. once complete, the article may be copied and pasted into the 'content' area of the guest writer user interface, in a separate internet session.

 


visit our puzzle pages.

st. john

more to come.










