


hardwood flooring, stairs, railings: diy info for professional installation









  






  home 











wood addicts' guide book
dedicated to the love of wood & 
                    home rennovation perfection!
this information is the accumulation of what 
                    we have learned after 30 years of running a wood shop in northern 
                    ontario. we are sharing with you, the knowledge to build beautiful 
                    furniture and decorate your home with fine woods on the floors, 
                    wood trim at the floor or around the ceiling, or in building 
                    a deck out the back. .... basically anything to do with playing 
                    with wood and home rennovation. 
hardwood flooring: 
                    all the things you want to know to buy a hardwood floor, install 
                    it and keep it looking like new.
hardwood stairs: 
                    how to recover an existing set of steps and make them look 
                    new again all for the price of good barbeque.
exterior 
                    decking: this information i researched after a client 
                    had a very expensive western red cedar boat house rot out 
                    from the bottom up and wanted to know why, and what he should 
                    do moving forward. ipe 
                    wood seemed to be the solution
wood mouldings, or for our american cousins 
                    "wood moldings" .. this section is in production
wood railings: 
                    safety is everything, do it right the first time and prevent 
                    accidents and get your insurance company off your back.
woodworking 
                    tools: for information on all the tools of the trade. 
                    we'll add content as we get request.. let us know what you 
                    would like to see.
if you are missing our old site and wish to 
                    purchase product please visit us at lacassefinewoodproducts.com


subscribe to our free wood & rennovation newsletter
 for woodworking and rennovation 
                      knowledge you need.....







 

 

 







 




