














texas municipal courts education center

































 





    skip to content




                tmcec
                texas municipal courts education center





store
login
tmca
about us

about us
contact us
employment


 search 






×










conferences & events

academic schedule
registration
enrollment faqs
exhibitors
general enrollment information 
webinars
course materials


publications

books
journal
other publications


resources

bail resources
blog
charts
complaints
faculty
fines, costs, & fees
jury charges
listserv
mental health
other sites of interest
pamphlets
truant conduct
videos
youth diversion
s.b. 4 information


clerk certification

clerk certification
municipal court guide


traffic safety

municipal traffic safety initiatives


 






tmcec creates unique learning opportunities and specialized resource materials for judges and court personnel.
tmcec is nationally recognized for its work in judicial and law-related education.
tmcec is passionate about serving courts in urban cities and rural towns throughout all regions of the lone star state.
tmcec is committed to the rule of law and ensuring justice in the texas courts that serve the most people.






judges program
clerks & court administrators
juvenile case managers
prosecutors
court security officers
 









latest news
announcements
stay up to date with what is happening at tmcec. click below for important announcements related to conferences, publications, resources, and current events.
youth diversion 
all municipal courts must adopt a youth diversion plan by january 1, 2025. tmcec developed a youth diversion resource page to help courts navigate the new requirements.  
connect with tmcec
tmcec interacts with constituents across multiple platforms. click one below to join the conversation.

facebook
twitter
youtube
tmcec blog
tmcec app





get started
online registration & personal profile
to review your personal profile and academic transcript, register for events, and review your clerk certification status, click the login button below. new to the court? please fill out a new personnel form. 


online learning center (olc)
access tmcec’s online learning center (olc) for webinars, course materials, magistrate duties: setting bail in criminal cases (s.b. 6), and more.
listserv
the texas municipal courts education center sponsors a listserv for municipal judges, clerks and court administrators, juvenile case managers, and prosecutors. for more information click here.
android mobile app privacy policytmcec has a mobile privacy policy which is required for android apps. for details, click here.


tmcec initiatives
c3 (councils, courts, and cities)
c3 is a public information and education campaign created by tmcec that aims to help fill the information gap between city halls and municipal courts in texas. click here for more information and to access issues of the brief.
procedural justice
with funding from the state justice institute, tmcec has partnered with organizations like the center for court innovation and the national center for state courts on special projects related to procedural justice. click below for more information on these projects and related resources.

“we want to hear from you!” municipal courts survey kiosk project
texas municipal court face of justice: building trust and confidence through model court websites & signage
 court user surveys (access and fairness survey, fairness in legal financial obligations survey)



number of days left to complete hours of continuing education:

  







 address
2210 hancock dr.
austin, tx 78756
phone: 512.320.8274
toll free line: 1.800.252.3718
fax: 512.435.6118

 



privacy policy
 
            copyright 1996 – 2025 texas municipal courts education center.  funded by a grant from the texas court of criminal appeals
        





















