
















susan polgar foundation





















































 






 











homeboardmissionprojects

free curriculum chess benefits chess for peace
donatecontact usspf events

spfgi spfno spice cup
 


































































donate now

who is susan

mission








the susan polgar foundation, inc. is a non-profit 501(c)(3) corporation supported by charitable donations. the foundation was established by gm susan polgar – hall of famer, the winner of 4 women’s world chess championships ,12 olympic medals (5 gold, 4 silver, 3 bronze), and the first woman in history to break the gender barrier in chess.
the foundation began back in 2002 with the passion and commitment of moving the benefits and worthwhile lessons the game can bring to life. the benefits of chess such as developing decision making, critical thinking, logical thinking, evaluating, planning, problem solving, and perseverance skills are just a few beneficial rewards of playing the game. chess also improves concentration, memory, intuition and self-control while promoting independence, imagination and creativity.





“chess is combining so many important qualities in life, such as concentration, focusing and planning ahead, research, calculation, psychology, time management, and a number of other very important life skills that we deal with on an everyday basis. i believe chess teaches you to be more responsible.” states susan. 
since the foundation was started, many events have blossomed and become the benchmark events for young girls and boys across the united states. events such as the susan polgar foundation girls’ invitational, spf national open championship for girls and boys, spf world open championship for girls and boys, susan polgar all-star girl’s chess team, and the “get smart! play chess!” series all represent the finest in young competitive chess found in the world. in addition, we also support elite annual events such as the spice cup and the spice spring invitational.





“chess can help a child develop logical thinking, decision making, reasoning, and pattern recognition skills, which in turn can help math and verbal skills.”
 
— susan polgar



 








donate donating to the susan polgar foundation is a worthwhile way of showing your support.

donate

who is susan polgar? visit susanpolgar.com to find out!


mission the mission of the susan polgar foundation is to promote chess, with all its educational, social, and competitive benefits throughout the united states, for young people of all ages, especially girls.
mission

 







all rights reserved





 







×
your ticket for the: home


















title
home


usd



























close
print




 





















