




  




cash advance® - official cash advance since 1997


 

















 
 

our service is free, but we may be compensated for sharing your info and marketing non-loan products | privacy policy






   
1-800-380-cash m-f 6am to 7pm pst

us






   




start here


state info


rates & fees


requirements


questions


responsible lending


ad disclosure


why choose us


contact







official cash advance®
since 1997
get a cash advance on your mobile device today





request up to $10,000





by clicking the button above, you consent and agree:
for cashadvance.com to lookup whether i have an existing account with its affiliated websites and utilize my existing account information for this request.
to receive marketing communications for both loans and other credit-related products like debt relief, credit repair, banking, and credit-monitoring.
to the privacy policy, terms of use, ad disclosure, credit authorization, rates & fees, responsible lending, and  e-consent.






1 safe & secure 
we use 256 bit encryption to keep your information safe.


2 easy online form 
our form can usually be filled out in less than 5 minutes. you will also see ads for other credit-related services.


3 get started today 
fill out our simple online form and you could be connected with a lender!




navigation


- start here


- rates & fees


- locations


- requirements


- questions


- contact us


- why choose us


- responsible lending










							is cash advance® right for you?
you need money, and you need it quickly. we've all been there -- we know what it's like to feel like there's nowhere left to turn. whether it's an emergency situation or an unexpected expense, that's where cash advance® comes in. we provide a free service that aims to quickly connect customers with lenders that offer loans that may work for them. to help keep our service free, we may also connect you with offers for other credit-related services like debt relief, credit repair and credit-monitoring.
remember that short-term loans should only be used as last resort options in situations of financial emergency. make sure to review all terms before agreeing to a loan offer. 

every cash loan request is secured with high-grade 256 bit secured encryption.
your information is shown to multiple lenders who can choose whether to offer you a loan.
submit your request from the comfort of your home, office, or mobile device and you may receive a response from one of our lenders in just a few minutes.
we have a variety of resources on our site which can help you determine whether a cash advance® is right for you.

how does cash advance® work?
our online service is entirely free and works to find potential lenders in our network and in our extended network of non-lender third-party lender networks. simply fill out our secure online form, then hit the submit button. if we find a possible lender, you will be presented with the next steps to complete your loan request. if you are presented with a loan offer, you will have the option to review the terms of the loan, which you may approve or decline. in addition to traditional loans, some lending partners in our network may offer lines of credit. we encourage you to always read the terms of your loan thoroughly before accepting them, no matter where you get your loan. if we can’t find a loan offer for you, we may pass some limited information about you to our marketing partners so you can receive offers for credit repair, debt relief or similar services.
   


representative apr range
cash advance® is not a lender and does not provide short-term loans but refers consumers to lenders who may provide such loans. for this reason, we are unable to supply you with an exact apr (annual percentage rate) that you will be charged if you choose to accept an offered loan. the loan interest rates are determined solely by your lender, with specific amounts determined based upon the information you submitted to the lender. your lender provides the apr, loan fees, and other terms. for help in understanding and using our services, consumers may refer to the questions section or contact us.
the apr on a short-term loan can vary greatly depending on how the apr is calculated (nominal vs. effective), the duration of the loan, loan fees incurred, late payment fees, non-payment fees, loan renewal actions, and other factors. keep in mind that the apr range is not your finance charge and your finance charge will be disclosed later on, if applicable. see a see a representative example
cash advance® has no control or knowledge of the loan details between you and your lender.  if you are presented with a loan offer, you will have the option to review the terms of the loan, which you may approve or decline.

borrow $200 for 14 days with a $30 to $60 lender fee. your estimated apr is 391% to 782%* cash advances are relatively expensive when compared with other loan products. cash advances are not recommended as a long term financial solution and they should only be taken for emergency financial needs. *calculation: (lender fee / loan amount) x (amount of days in a year / duration of the loan) x 100 low end of range: ($30 / $200) * (365 days / 14 days) x 100 = 391.07% high end of range: ($60 / $200) * (365 days / 14 days) x 100 = 782.14% 
      


implications of non-payment and other considerations
all lenders are required by law to provide the consumer with specific loan terms, conditions, and practices prior to the consumer's acceptance of the loan. we recommend that you carefully review the terms and conditions of any loan offer presented to you and compare it to all of your other options. for further details about the above considerations see our rates & fees and responsible lending web pages.
						

implications of non-payment, late payment, or partial payment
when you accept the terms and conditions for a loan offer, you are agreeing to pay back the loan principal and finance charges in the amount of time shown in the documents supplied by your lender. additional fees or charges by your lender may request in the event that you are unable to repay your loan in full or if you make a late payment. we cannot predict the amount of the fees or charges that you will incur as a result of non-payment, late payment, or partial payment. additionally, we have no knowledge of the loan details between you and your lender. please refer to the late payment, partial payment, and non-payment policies detailed in the loan documents provided by your lender. all lenders and debt collectors are required by federal law to engage in fair debt collection practices. if you have a complaint about a specific lender, please contact us and one of our agents will look into the matter further.
fees and interest
before you accept a loan offer, your lender is required by federal law to present you with the exact fees and interest rate of your loan. cash advance® has no control or knowledge of the loan details between you and your lender. you are under no obligation to continue with the loan request if you find a particular lender’s loan terms unsuitable. 
credit score impact 

									cash advance® does not make credit decisions nor does cash advance® conduct a credit inquiry on consumers. some lenders on the cash advance® network may conduct a credit check in order to determine your eligibility for a loan. lenders typically do not conduct a credit inquiry with the three major credit bureaus: transunion, experian, or equifax. if you do not repay your loan on time your lender may report this delinquency to one or more credit bureaus, which could have a negative impact on your credit score. we encourage consumers with credit problems to consult a credit counseling company.
renewal policy information
loan renewal policies are largely governed by state regulatory legislation. before you accept a loan offer, the lender is required to make certain disclosures to you regarding loan renewal. please make sure to diligently read the renewal policy presented to you prior to signing the loan documents. cash advances are intended to be a short term financial instrument. cash advance® encourages all consumers to repay the loan on time and in full in order to avoid late payment and/or non-payment fees. if you suspect that you may be unable to pay off a loan, we would recommend that you explore 
										loan alternatives before submitting a loan request.
collection practices
cash advance® is not a lender and does not collect any debts. before you accept a loan offer, your lender is required to make certain disclosures to you about their debt collection practices. if you are unsure of the collection practices used by a specific lender, we recommend that you discuss this issue with your lender directly. all lenders and debt collectors are required by federal law, including the fair debt collection practices act, to engage in fair debt collection practices.

    





top 5 questions























state info

learn about local laws to make an informed decision.


debt collection scam alert
have you been called by someone claiming you have defaulted on a loan?it might be a scam.
find out more 




ola consumer hotline

1-866-299-7585
		as a proud member of the online lenders alliance (ola), cash advance is serious about protecting your personal information.  the ola consumer hotline is a key consumer resource, for questions on lending or reporting possible occurrences of fraud.



follow


+1


like



your security is important to uswe use 256 bit encryption




  





home
how it works
faq
why choose us
rates and fees
disclaimer
consumer resource
scam advisory
start here
privacy policy
e-consent
ad disclosure
terms of use
credit authorization
affiliate program
online lenders alliance
sitemap
contact us
unsubscribe
california residents: do not sell my personal information


© 2025 cashadvance.com all rights reserved.


consumer notice: cash advances are short-term loans, and can typically range from $200 to $10,000.  they are intended for short-term financial relief and do not constitute long-term financial solutions. for example, they can generally be intended to be repaid within a year.  consumers facing debt and credit difficulties should seek out debt and credit advisory help.  federal and state laws cover certain types of lenders and loans, including short-term loans.  if a lender is wholly owned and operated by a federally recognized american indian tribe and sovereign government, applicable tribal and federal law governs its loans and related contracts, requests and documents. tribal lenders’ rates and fees may be higher than state-licensed lenders, and are subject to federal and tribal laws, not state laws. consumers are encouraged to research laws that may be applicable to short-term loans, and to ask their lenders for more information.
legal notice: cashadvance's terms & conditions and privacy policy apply to the use of this website and its services. the privacy policy also acts as your privacy notice.
not a lender, broker or creditor: the owners and operators of this site and the network(s) used by this site are not lenders or brokers, are not creditors, do not offer loans, do not make loans, do not broker loans and do not make any credit decisions. our only involvement with loan offers obtained through lenders or lending partners in our network is to show your loan request information to these lenders or lending partners and to connect you with them if they choose to offer you a loan. we exercise no control over the lenders or lending partners in our network and are not responsible for any of their actions. we are not their agents or representatives. the loan request you submit on cashadvance.com is not a loan application.
we are paid by lenders, lender networks and other marketers: cashadvance.com offers a free, for-profit, advertiser-supported loan connecting service to consumers. lenders in our network pay us if they offer you a loan after reviewing your information through our service. we utilize other third-party lender networks that may pay us if a lender in their network offers you a loan. many factors impact which lender or lending partner we connect you with, but how much the lender or a third-party lender network pays us has a big impact.  we often use a “ping-tree” model similar to google adwords to connect the highest bidder to a consumer. so, if you receive a loan offer, it is likely from the highest bidder and not from the lender or lending partner offering the best loan terms. always review all options available to you and never assume a loan offer you receive is the best loan offer available to you. we also get paid by other advertisers in other ways. see more in our ad disclosure.
availability: residents of some states may not be eligible for a short term cash loan based upon lender requirements. our company does not guarantee that completing an inquiry form will result in you being approved by a service provider or lender, being offered a loan product with satisfactory rates of terms, nor receiving a loan from a service provider or lender. the lender you are approved by may not offer the best possible terms and borrowers should always compare all available options before making any decisions.
cashadvance.com is a member of the online lenders alliance.















