







corrpro: people-powered cathodic protection
















our website has cookies enabled to improve the user experience. you consent to the use of cookies by continuing to use our site.

ok
learn more





















search



test



                                                                services
                                                            





cathodic protection surveys


corrosion engineering and design


structural corrosion prevention








                                                                products
                                                            



                                                                sales
                                                            




















search






common searches


careers




quick links


potable water rehabilitation


forcemain rehabilitation














                                            about us
                                        








our values


leadership


sustainabiliity


privacy








                                            brands
                                        








insituform


underground solutions


mtc


corrpro


environmental techniques


en-tech infrastructure


c&l water solutions


culy inc.


insituform linings uk


portland utilities construction company (pucc)








                                            services
                                        








cipp


potable water rehabilitation


forcemain rehabilitation


spray-in-place pipe | sipp


uv cipp rehabilitation


manhole rehabilitation


cathodic protection


close tolerance pipe slurrification | ctps








                                            products
                                        








cured-in-place pipe | cipp


vylon® slipliner pipe


fusible pvc®


primus line®


cathodic protection


carbon fiber reinforced polymer | cfrp








                                            markets
                                        








municipal


industrial


aviation


transportation


department of defense








                                            careers
                                        



                                            news
                                        













search toggle














reliable corrosion control.
corrpro
schedule a consultation















reliable corrosion control for the toughest environments








cathodic protection (cp) is essential for extending the lifespan of metal pipelines exposed to corrosive environments and is used across many industries. all our corrosion prevention products are designed by cp experts and undergo rigorous quality testing and inspections to ensure superior performance. when you work with corrpro for cathodic protection services, you get people powered cathodic protection that enhances the entire lifecycle of your assets.  















turnkey cp installation









pipeline integrity management program









engineering and design consultation









data analysis software














discuss your cp requirements with a corrpro expert

with over 50 years of experience and an extensive product portfolio, corrpro confidently manages large projects in high-profile and highly corrosive environments. we work tirelessly alongside municipalities, engineering firms, and contractors worldwide to protect valuable infrastructure effectively and at a lower cost. to find the best cathodic protection system for your application, contact our experts today. 

connect with an corrpro expert















control corrosion in any application

corrpro's cathodic protection solutions are effective in a wide range of environments and applications, from waterworks and municipalities to energy production and military infrastructure. our innovation and expertise allow us to install galvanic and impressed current cathodic protection systems on piping networks, refinery/chemical plant structures, storage tanks, and marine structures to help preserve your assets and protect the environment. 

explore markets we serve










connect with corrpro








thank you!
thank you for contacting azuria corporation. your inquiry is important to us and we will respond as soon as possible.












need spec support?
tell us about your project.














first name



                                                    looks good!
                                                

                                                    enter your first name.
                                                



last name



                                                    looks good!
                                                

                                                    enter your last name.
                                                



phone number



                                                    looks good!
                                                

                                                    enter your phone number.
                                                



email address



                                                    looks good!
                                                

                                                    enter your email address.
                                                



country

united statescanadajapanargentinaaustraliachilechinadenmarkel salvadorfranceindiamexiconew zealandomanotherpolandportugalrussiasaudi arabiasingaporesouth africachinaswitzerlandthe netherlandsunited arab emirates

                                                    looks good!
                                                

                                                    enter your country.
                                                





category


select a category
pipeline services
pipeline products
corrosion protection
other


                                                    looks good!
                                                

                                                    select a category.
                                                






                                                    yes, i'd like to receive updates via text
                                                










                                                    i accept the privacy policy and i give my express consent to azuria to treat my data for the purpose of sending of commercial communications and administration of the contracted services, as applicable.
                                                

                                                    looks good!
                                                

                                                    you must agree to our privacy policy before submitting.
                                                







                                                complete captcha challenge.
                                            




message



                                            looks good!
                                        

                                            enter a message.
                                        



submit
































stronger. safer. infrastructure.
















                                                    insituform
                                                



                                                    mtc
                                                



                                                    underground solutions
                                                



                                                    corrpro
                                                



                                                    contact us
                                                



                                                    cookies
                                                







                                                    privacy policy
                                                



                                                    terms
                                                

































© 2025 azuria





