






first baptist church | a community of grace






























 












contact
watch live
members
 












welcome

beliefs & values
staff
partnerships & affiliations
directions & parking
faq
calendar
news


worship

watch live
services
music


grow

children’s ministry

weekday education


student ministry
adult ministry

men’s ministry
morning prayer
small groups
sunday school
women’s ministry


library


serve

serve
missions
community garden
scouting


give
 





select page


  
 



 



 














first baptist church
 
griffin, ga






discover grace in a community of people committed to the way of jesus.









we invite you to worship

first baptist church of griffin is a community of grace that is rooted in jesus, empowered by the holy spirit, and committed to shaping lives for god’s kingdom. whether in person or online, we invite you to experience this community of grace for yourself.
check out our services online through the “watch now” link. you will find our services featured below. we would like to get to know you better. please consider signing our guest card.
you can learn more about us on the beliefs and values page.

you are always welcome in our morning prayer community online, which meets (live) at 8:30 a.m. monday through friday. if you cannot make it to the live session, drop in during the day to catch a replay. we are a praying people — participate with us by sending in your prayer request.
 





guest card



prayer request









watch your faith flourish through worship 
celebration service at 9:00 a.m.
lift your voice alongside a choir singing familiar hymns to piano, organ, and other instrumental accompaniment in our sanctuary. if you cannot join us in person, we invite you to “watch live.”
connexion worship at 11:15 a.m.
sing praises to the lord in a relaxed service alongside a worship team singing contemporary music in morgan hall. can’t make it in person? you can “watch live” on this site and on facebook.
formation & small groups
10:15 a.m. — grow in your faith with a formation group on sunday mornings, or join us at 6:00 p.m. on wednesday nights for small groups.









explore our ministries
from small groups to music groups, in play time or serious study, we want to engage you in community that nurtures your faith.

ministries









weekday education
welcome to first baptist church of griffin, georgia, and the weekday education program. we believe that a good beginning for every child is of great importance. in proverbs 22:6 it is written: “train up a child in the way he should go; and when he is old, he will not depart from it.”

learn more











upcoming events


































ready to read more? 
check out the rest of our news!

all news



 











contact us 106 west taylor street
griffin, ga 30223
phone: (770) 227-5517
email: info@fbcgriffin.org







new to fbcservices
directions & parking
calendar
contact
download our app
quick linksour staff
ministries
adult ministry
children’s ministry
student ministry
missions
weekday education
resourcesconnect
grace notes
members
scholarships
wednesday nights
 






facebook




instagram


copyright © 2025 first baptist church, griffin, ga  |  site by faithlab 






























