
wasteland.com - the bdsm porn & bondage video headquarters!﻿























    













wasteland.com, the web's oldest bdsm site, features content exclusively
for adults, including sexually explicit images, videos, and text. by
selecting 'enter', you are verifying that you are 18 years of age or older.















wasteland.com - the largest online bdsm, fetish porn, and alternative sexuality site on the net! 









menu





language:
	








home

exclusive features 

1500+
 original movies
curated bdsm movie collection
2,000,000+ image collection
japanese bondage & shibari movies
streaming interactive videos


wasteland 3d & virtual world
bdsm cartoons & illustrations


kinky fiction library
how-to bdsm guides & articles


members
join now
store

language 

english
dutsch
nederlands
nihon
italiano
francais
espanola








updated 3 times weekly for over 20+ years!




stunning bdsm submissives
performing acts of sexual depravation you've rarely seen before. 
learn more!





hot wax and shibari rope bondage?
here is the place to see it!
learn more!





femdoms in hot bdsm action
from submissive training to humiliation, wasteland doms do it all.
learn more!











real couples, real scenes, real orgasms, real bdsm
bdsm porn - bound & fucked videos - intense
orgasms - water bondage - fucking machines - electro-stimulation -
hardcore bdsm sex - strict rope bondage - mummification - erotic power
exchange - humiliation - suspension - cbt - shibari rope bondage -
fetish sex - face sitting - rough anal sex - public bondage - medical
fetishes - kinky perversions - punishment and training -
latex/leather/rubber - huge toys & objects - dungeons/cages/cells -
breast & pussy bondage - ponygirl training - trampling &
ballbusting - spanking/caning/flogging




join now for full access!








exclusive wasteland site features








1500+
 original bdsm movies
members enjoy unlimited access to over 1300 exclusive bdsm movies shot in 1080p hi-definition!learn more!








wasteland original vr movies
immerse yourself whatever your pleasure. watch with or without a headset. our movies are compatible with all headsets.join today!








large curated bondage movie collection
a massive collection of hand-curated bdsm movies including rare international titles.learn more!






















latest movie updates






cell 181
date added: this week

the cold blackness haunted her senses. her
pale skin trembled with every pounding beat of her heart. she tried to
free herself from her restraints, but failed each time. her captor
silently taunted her from the shadows, waiting for her to crumble
beneath his will…




the exploration of sicilia
date added: this week

 master eric x has sicilia just where he
wants her, spread eagle and bound to a wooden crate. sicilia must
endure having her labia pinched and pulled and having hot wax dripped
unto her perfect breasts until she has a thick layer of candle wax on
her skin…




punishment incorporated
date added: last week

poor miss ashley is having a difficult
time with her behavior. her attitude during classes is just appalling
and she just doesn’t seem to care. the dean of her school has had
enough and brings in some outside help. keni styles, the master of
punishment…




test pilot
date added: last week

deep in a subterranean facility, in a
secret location just outside london lies the labs and experimentation
facility of a secret organization. today, thanks to the a beautiful
volunteer from france, q and his men will be testing some new and
interesting equipment…




the innocence
date added: this week

she could barely think straight. her were
arms tied securely behind her back. her legs spread far part. the
constant sensations on her body were taking her to places she had never
been before. her labia and clit were swollen from all the orgasms she
was experiencing…




on the ropes
date added: last week

master shadrack invites ashley fires in to
his dungeon to play with two of his female submissives. the two gals
are tied back to back on a bondage bench with their arms suspended
above, leaving them very vulnerable to slapping, flogging, cropping and
pussy play...





join now for full access!















wasteland - your source for high quality authentic bdsm movies and more



wasteland.com is the web's largest bdsm collection comprised of
thousands of hours of high-definition original bondage and fetish
videos, tens of thousands of high quality pictures, full length feature
films, and so much more. our most prominent feature is our 100%
exclusive high-definition in-house productions. available to you for
direct download in 6 different formats including a stunning 1920 x1080
resolution and 4k. our photos are displayed in a vivid resolution of up
to 4000 x 2662. additionally, our thriving online community and
instructional video guides make wasteland.com the premier online
location for the bdsm & fetish connoisseur. 
the people in our movies are a part of the bdsm community and regularly
engage in the sex acts and activities depicted herein. consent and
respect are central tenets of the bdsm community and the details of
every scene we film are thoroughly discussed and agreed upon in advance
of filming. do not imitate activities you see on this site without
first learning how to practice bdsm safely. for more information on the
safe practice of bdsm, please contact your local chapter of the bdsm
community. wasteland has been exploring and celebrating safe, sane and
consensual kink through movies, photos and the written word created for
the bdsm and fetish community since 1994.









more exclusive wasteland features








japanese bondage & shibari
rare, authentic photos and movies from the masters of rope arts in japan.learn more!








streaming movies video vault
members get access to thousands of movies in our interactive streaming collection.learn more!








web's largest bdsm photo collection
we have over 2,000,000 bdsm and fetish images inside the site!learn more!








wasteland 3d & virtual
members get access to wasteland interactive features and friday night parties!learn more!








bdsm cartoons
we have a huge collection of animated cartoons, hentai and anime galleries.learn more!








kinky fiction library
thousands of original stories and novels of exquisite erotic fiction await you inside.learn more!














even more website features









podcasts & audio books

sometimes you just want to rest your eyes
and let your ears do all the work. fill your imagination and fuel your
need to know with wasteland.com’s original podcasts and audio books.
perfect for listening to whether on the move or just kicking back,
these well produced eargasms cover a wide range of leather/fetish/bdsm
topics and viewpoints...
learn more ↓



listen to a sample bdsm audio story:


bdsm audio story




























our kinky community


think you’re the only person with your particular fetish or love of a
kinky activity? chances are good that someone else on wasteland.com
shares your interest. find pervy compatible friends, play partners, and
lovers, perhaps even in your own geographical area! browse and rate
profiles, upload images and videos, create a blog, start a group, post
a personal ad, chat, or just search for an overnight sensation...
learn more ↓



popular topics and matches include
bondage, discipline, 24x7 servitude, impact play (flogging, caning,
etc), humiliation, fantasy role playing, water sports, body
modification, orgasm denial, cuckholding, public play and more.


























live webcam shows


it doesn’t matter what time the mood strikes you at wasteland.com. when
it’s the right time for you to video chat, it’s the right time for one
of hundreds of exhibitionistic dominant and submissive women and men to
join you. discard shame and inhibition during one-on-one or group chat
sessions that allow you to watch quietly or join in the fun of
dominating or being dominated, 24/7/365. 
learn more ↓



live performer categories and specialties
include domination, switches, submissives, feet, humiliation, bondage,
tattoos, findom, tease and denial, sissy training, smoking, role play,
leather, chastity, medical, fucking machines, anal, armpits, ab/dl,
joi-cei, electrical, impact play, hair, fetish, bbw, clamps and more.


























join now for full access!









membership options

members entrance
support/contact

not a member yet?
join now!

social networks

facebook
twitter





main menu

home
1500+ original movies
curated bdsm movie collection
2,000,000+ image collection
japanese bondage & shibari movies
streaming interactive videos
wasteland 3d & virtual world
bdsm cartoons & illustrations
kinky fiction library
how-to bdsm guides & articles
custom bdsm videos
live sex and hardcore bdsm training
phone chat bdsm goes even deeper
bdsm cams get even better
get kinky at sex.com
the best bondage videos
the best fetish cams
ai girlfriends on camsoda
great porn at a great price

press & media







twitter feed
tweets by @wastelandmovies







all images, designs and intellectual materials are ©wasteland inc 1994 - 2019
18 u.s.c. 2257 record-keeping requirements compliance statement
complaints
$$ webmasters - spicecash $$
privacy policy
terms of use

design by wyldesites












as seen on

awards and industry recognition



avn hall of fame


xbiz excellence in alternative erotica


xbiz executive progressive leadership award


web expo 1999 people’s choice award


adult internet awards - best educational site


free speech coalition leadership award


xbiz adult site of the year


xbiz specialty site of the year


xbiz alternative site of the year


punishments inc. voted best bdsm movie 2011




















