






welcome- official duke robillard web site































home | meet | news | 

 tour dates |
albums | sessionography |  store | links | guitar lessons | contact





new october 31st- duke's news
for bookings contact chip denton
duke's photo gallery - reminisce here!







roll with me
get yours here - for sale starting next week!
"roll with me is  a vibrant homage to postwar jump blues, showcasing robillard's exceptional guitar skills and featuring a stellar ensemble of musicians. 
the album includes tributes to blues legends such as clarence 'gatemouth' brown, big joe turner, and fats domino. the tracks were recorded in various studios across rhode island and mixed by john paul gauthier, a longtime collaborator of robillard."
 order from duke's store  also available on vinyl!





a smooth one
more or less the coincidence and the musical appreciation of each other brought the three musicians together to realize a joint studio project and record a classic organ trio album in italy. guitarist duke robillard on the album "a smooth one" by the duke robilard organ trio: "this album shows what can happen when you bring three like-minded musicians together for a few hours in the studio. i hope the fun we had recording it now carries over to the listeners.".  
 order from duke's store











six strings of steel
good news here folks! for starters duke robillard has signed with m.c. records and duke and his all star band have just completed a really rockin' album of blues, r&b, rock and roll and swing and it's hot!
it's called "six strings of steel"  duke's store!
*** now available on vinyl! - duke's store!





they called it rhythm & blues
the duke robillard band is set to release they called it rhythm & blues. joining the guitar maestro (who also produced) is an all-star cast of special guests, including john hammond, kim wilson, sue foley, sugar ray norcia, michelle willson, chris cote, bruce bears, marty ballou, mark teixeira, doug james, mike flanigin, mark earley, doug woolverton and matt mccabe.  
 order from duke's store also available-  vinyl lp for only $25 including shipping! please include $10 shipping outside the u.s.











blues bash!
ranked by online blues music magazine one the 10 best blues cds of 2021!
blues bash with dukerobillard & friends
"packed with plenty of bright
sounding fender guitar a la ike turner, lefty bates, etc. just a good listening or
dancing record like the blues records i bought when i was a kid."- duke

go to duke's store





swingin' again
tenor sax giant scott hamilton and blues guitarist duke robillard get together with the duke robillard band for a swingin' set of classic jazz and blues that are bound to make you tap your feet while mixing a classic cocktail. with special guests sugar ray norcia, jon-eeik kellso, sunny crownover and tim ray! 
go to duke's store











ear worms
produced by robillard and recorded at lakewest recording and duke’s mood room, ear
worms features duke (guitars, vocal) and his long-time band: bruce bears (piano, hammond
organ); brad hallen (acoustic and electric bass); and mark teixeira (drums). 
joining them on the sessions, besides some stellar additional musicians are several special guest vocalists: chris cote, sunny crownover,
mark cutler, julie grant, dave howard and klem klimek.

go to duke's store





duke robillard and his dames of rhythm duke plays classic swing tunes with madeleine peyroux, maria muldaur, elizabeth mcgovern and catherine russell!
pre-orders are being taken now! 
go to duke's store











blues full circle

duke's hot cd with special guests jimmy vaughn, sugar ray norcia and and kelley hunt is due for street release september 9th but you can get to here now! duke will gladly autograph it for you if you request it. blues-full circle is bound to be hailed as one of his greatest recordings.
go to duke's store





the acoustic blues & roots of duke robillard
the acoustic blues and roots of duke robillard was named  "acoustic blues album of the year" for the 2016 blues music awards and #45 of the 50 best blues albums of 2015 by living blues magazine. duke will gladly autograph a copy for you if you request.
a decade in the making, this latest album from multi-award-winning guitarist duke robillard  includes special guests maria muldaur, jay mcshann, jerry portnoy and sunny crownover.
go to duke's store












calling all blues on vinyl
big sale, while they last, "calling all blues" on 180-gram premium vinyl will ship within the us for $15.00. get yours now before they're gone! 
backing duke (vocals/various guitars), is his regular band of bruce bears (keyboards/vocals), brad hallen (bass/background vocals) and mark teixeira (drums/percussion/background vocals).
go to duke's store







duke's fine art photography
the years between 1990 and 2005 were the years where i devoted much of my time to traditional film photography. 
please visit my fine art photography page







duke uses
strings



 
check out many live performancs on youtube!

like duke on facebook! 






jesse finkelstein and myself would love you check out the cool music on both our blue duchess and shining stone labels.
great artists and recordings that deserve to be heard!








become duke's student on sonic junction


check it out








© 2001-23 duke robillard | all rights reserved |  for bookings contact chip denton

site designed & maintained by sakonnet web design |  contact the webmaster






