





enhanced healing counseling

































 




skip to content




opening hours : mon-friday 8am – 5pm

(305) 498-3442
enhance healingenhanced healingtoggle navigationhomeaboutservicesmusicrelaxing musicsleep musicaffirmationsresourcescontactcartmy accounttoggle navigationhomeaboutservicesmusicrelaxing musicsleep musicaffirmationsresourcescontactcartmy account
 





homeadmin2025-02-10t13:14:05-05:00 
enhanced healing counseling
improve your self-esteem, transform your lifeimprove your self-esteem, transform your lifedr. harry henshaw is a licensed mental health counselor specializing in drug addiction, alcohol dependence, depression, anxiety, and low self-esteem.
dr. harry henshaw is a licensed mental health counselor specializing in drug addiction, alcohol dependence, depression, anxiety, and low self-esteem.
schedule a consultationfree daily support groupcounseling assessmentsdr. harry henshaw provides assessments to anyone with substance use, addiction or mental health issues.
learn moreonline counselingdr. harry henshaw provides holistic outpatient individual, group and couples counseling through online sessions.
learn morecounseling servicesdr. harry henshaw also offers a variety of healing services that help you to transform your mind, body and spirit.
learn moremeet dr. harry henshawdr. harry henshaw has been providing mental health and substance abuse counseling services for over 38 years and online therapy for over 18 years. dr. henshaw is a licensed mental health counselor (lmhc) in florida, a practicing psychotherapist and a certified clinical supervisor in florida. dr. henshaw earned his human development and counseling doctoral degree from boston university.
dr. henshaw is currently in private practice at enhanced healing counseling in miami, florida.
read more about dr. harrya ebook by dr. harry henshaw
discover a groundbreaking perspective on addiction recovery. click below to buy and download prelude to a paradigm shift for addiction and explore innovative solutions to transform the way we understand and treat substance use disorders.prelude to a paradigm shift for addictiondiscover a groundbreaking perspective on addiction recovery. click below to buy prelude to a paradigm shift for addiction and explore innovative solutions to transform the way we understand and treat substance use disorders.
download nowenhanced healing resourcesrelaxation musicdr. harry henshaw creates therapeutic relaxation music designed to reduce stress, promote deep relaxation, and support mental well-being.
browsesleep musicdr. harry henshaw creates therapeutic sleep music to help you relax, fall asleep faster, and enjoy a peaceful and restful night’s sleep.
browsepositive affirmationsdr. harry henshaw creates positive affirmation recordings to help improve self-esteem, boost confidence, and support personal growth.
browse“the journey is what brings us happiness not the destination.”“the journey is what brings us happiness not the destination.”— dan millman, way of the peaceful warrior
schedule a consultationstart your path to recovery.start your path to recovery.discover personalized support to overcome addiction, substance use, and mental health challenges. take the first step toward healing and a brighter future.
learn about our serviceshow emotional support counseling can improve your lifecontinue reading
12 benefits of personal growth counseling you should knowcontinue reading
what therapies are used in substance abuse rehabilitation?continue reading
read all articlesschedule appointmentschedule your counseling session today with dr. harry henshaw to start transforming your life.
schedule a consultation



 
 
dr. harry henshaw
licensed mental health counselor
port charlotte, florida
(305) 498-3442
drharryhenshaw@gmail.com
useful linkshomeaboutservicesresourcescontactsubscribe to the newsletterthank you for your message. it has been sent.×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.×submit© 2012 - 2025 by enhance healing counseling.  •  all rights reserved.   •  website designed & maintained by hi5 biz solutions.   


 
 
page load link

 






 


go to top




