








rutgers school of management and labor relations |























skip to main content










 








close

search form

search 





 















apply now
career services
carey library
giving
search rutgers
rutgers.edu
 


search










academic programs
continuing education
faculty, research & engagement
news & events
about smlr
 



apply now
career services
carey library
giving
search rutgers
rutgers.edu
 






areas of study
undergraduate programs
graduate programs
graduate certificates
ph.d. program
online learning
smlr study abroad opportunities
continuing education
student organizations
scholarships
apply to smlr
course schedules
for current students
smlr teaching excellence awards
request information about smlr programs
rutgers smlr spring 2025 courses
 


labor education action research network (learn)
diversity, equity & inclusion programs
employee ownership
human resource management
labor & employment relations programs
 


smlr core faculty
smlr faculty areas of expertise
areas of impact
center for global work and employment
center for innovation in worker organization (ciwo)
center for women & work (cww)
center for the study of collaboration in work and society
education & employment research center (eerc)
institute for the study of employee ownership and profit sharing
nj/ny center for employee ownership
program for disability research
workplace justice lab@ru
 


smlr news
smlr experts in the news
a third of your life podcast
covid-19 in the news
dei in the news
media inquiries
upcoming events
smlr class of 2025 convocation and 259th anniversary commencement
 


contact us
faculty and staff directory
dean of students
diversity, equity & inclusion @ smlr
smlr mission
smlr's history
the smlr state advisory council
alumni
visit smlr
smlr learning objectives
carey library
career services
giving
 
 

 

























 


caption





explore our academic programs
learn about our versatile programs in human resource management and labor and employment relations
 

 learn more







 


caption





virtual open house schedule for smlr degree programs
connect with our faculty and student advisors to learn more and ask your questions
 

 read more







 


caption





smlr's official store
check out smlr apparel & accessories, along with our
new alumni merch!
 

 shop now







 


caption





smlr's new podcast: "a third of your life"
you spend a third of your life at work. we’re all about making it better. 
 

 listen now







 


caption





fall 2024 info & resources for smlr students
 
 

 learn more







 


caption





all work and low pay
a report by smlr’s center for women and work reveals what life is like for new jersey’s latina immigrants.
 

 read more







 


caption





bargaining for the common good
ford foundation is supporting smlr’s center for innovation in worker organization in the fight for racial and social justice.

 read more







 


caption





free online program supports business owners of color
our nj/ny center for employee ownership shows entrepreneurs how to save jobs and preserve wealth by selling the business to their workers.
 

 read more







 


caption





why employees quit and start their own business
smlr’s scott seibert, jie (jasmine) feng, and maria kraimer studied why some workers choose to become their own boss.

 read more







 


caption





just 1 in 5 people with disabilities works from home. millions without the option
smlr experts analyzed federal data before launching a major new research initiative.
 

 read more





 






















  our academic departments 

 






two perspectives on the changing world of work
rutgers school of management and labor relations (smlr) is the leading source of expertise on the world of work, building effective and sustainable organizations, and the changing employment relationship. at smlr, you will become a member of a global community that supports academic curiosity and can provide you with the critical skills needed to shape the world of work. are you ready to take the next step?

 







 


          explore human resource management (hrm)        


smlr's human resource management (hrm) programs educate students about the relationship between hr strategy and business success and prepare them to help shape the future of the global workplace environment. 
 




 


          explore labor studies and employment relations (lser)        


work is the central reality of most people’s lives. smlr’s labor studies and employment relations (lser) programs educate students about issues related to work, workers, and the employment relationship. 
 





 





 




explore our research & outreach 











































  student resources 

 





graduation information for the class of 2024 










 


career support for students & alumni

the smlr career services office provides comprehensive career development support for all students and alumni of the school of management and labor relations. our dedicated team guides individuals throughout their career journey toward meaningful career outcomes.
 

learn about smlr career services 
 







for current & prospective students

 




search our degree programs online learning continuing education  how to apply request more information resources for current students resources for seniors / graduating students 





































  news & events 

 






recent highlights

 







 
building wealth for the middle class: 60 minutes interviews joseph blasi may 5, 2024 


 
the center for women and work examines why moms have lower earnings may 9, 2024 


 
jie (jasmine) feng reveals hiring bias against former entrepreneurs april 29, 2024 


read more smlr news 
 





upcoming events

 








feb 18 

virtual open house: online professional master's in human resource management tue, 02/18/2025 - 12:00pm-1:00pm 





feb 20 

smlr spring 2025 networking & recruiting fair thu, 02/20/2025, 11:00am - 2:00pm 





feb 25 

smlr career services: career coffee chats tue, 02/25/2025, 12:30pm - 1:30pm 





feb 26 

master's in labor and employment relations (mler) in-person info session  thu, 02/26/2025 - 4:00pm-6:00pm 





feb 26 

virtual open house - b.s. programs in labor studies and employment relations wed, 02/26/2025 -  7:00pm - 8:00pm 





feb 27 

in-person mhrm virtual open house thu, 02/27/2025 - 12:00pm-1:00pm 




see more smlr events 
 











listen now: a third of your life, smlr's new podcast
episode 12: a ray of sunshine and hope
new jersey recently became the 11th state to enact labor protections for housecleaners, nannies, and other domestic workers. new labor organizer and smlr alumna jenifer garcia takes you inside the long campaign that made it happen. naomi r williams, assistant professor in the rutgers school of management and labor relations, leads the discussion.


 




listen and subscribe now 







smlr experts in the news


trump’s labor secretary pick is surprisingly pro-union. it doesn’t mean his administration will be
cnn business examines what the trump administration means for workers and unions, quoting todd vachon of the labor education action research network (learn).


why trump allies say immigration hurts american workers
the new york times interviews janice fine of the workplace justice lab@ru about the potential impact of president-elect trumps plans to limit immigration.


nj will require businesses to include salary range in job postings
the record reports new jersey governor phil murphy has signed a law requiring pay transparency in job postings starting in june 2025, quoting christopher to.


the rise of silent services
time reports on the growing popularity of silent book clubs, haircuts, rides, and other services, quoting jessica methot on the downside of eliminating human interaction.



 




more smlr experts in the news 






















 








 





















 
 






  information for... 



prospective students
current students
faculty & staff
alumni
online learning



prospective students







welcome!
rutgers school of management and labor relations (smlr) is renowned across the nation and world for our highly cited and published faculty, prolific research, and excellent student career outcomes. smlr is the place to study work, organizations, and workforce issues.
learn from leaders in the world of work, building effective organizations, and the changing employment relationships.

 




request more information 







undergraduate programs

 




b.a. in human resource management b.a. in labor studies and employment relations b.s. in labor and employment relations online b.s. in labor and employment relations 







graduate programs

 




master's in human resource management (mhrm) online professional mhrm master's in labor and employment relations (mler) online professional mler 



 

current students







resources for smlr students
we are so glad to have you as a member of the smlr community! these links will help you find the resources you need. our student advisors are available to assist you along your academic journey.

 






resources for current students course schedules scholarships james b. carey library 






caring for our community - links to resources smlr career services student organizations dean of students / student advising 



 

faculty & staff







resources for smlr faculty & staff

 




smlr faculty & staff resources (canvas site) caring for our community - links to resources smlr prospective funding information form smlr staff recognition form smlr professional development request form smlr department pcard request form smlr internal communications form 







  

 




contact smlr it support faculty & staff web directory 



 

alumni







interested in joining our community?
our alumni association is a community of graduates, practitioners in the fields of labor relations and human resources, and friends who share an affinity with smlr.


 






join our alumni network 



 

online learning







achieve your goals through flexible online programs
online learning is perfectly suited for highly motivated, independent students who are seeking the convenience of distance learning. explore your options through our degree programs, graduate certificate programs, and workshop offerings.

 




smlr online learning 





 

 

 








visit us on twitter visit us on facebook  visit us on instagram visit us on youtube 

94 rockafeller road
piscataway, nj 08854-8054
 
rutgers is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. individuals with disabilities are encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any accessibility issues with rutgers websites to accessibility@rutgers.edu or complete the report accessibility barrier / provide feedback form.
 


      copyright ©2025, rutgers, the state university of new jersey.    


 


 
 



