



sunsplash - family waterpark | cape coral - rates






























opening day march 8th! click here to exciting paradise cove wave pool updates!








plan a visit

park hours
buy season passes
buy tickets
dining
special events
faq
cabanas
birthday parties


attractions
group events
sponsorship
employment
contact us

contact us
group sales
sponsorship





buy season pass
buy tickets


























park opens in:





2023 experts’ choice award winner! 
click here for our preferred lodging partners







rides and attractions



drop slide
the drop slides offer a thrill factor by giving guests a similar feeling to free falling with nothing in the way to slow you down. adventure seekers may try these before proceeding to the steeper and more challenging speed-slides.minimum height requirement is 48″ tall.




main stream rivertube ride
for the maximum in relaxation, a favorite attraction of the young and young at heart is the main stream river tube ride. this quarter-mile river gently winds its way around the park, moving past lake kennedy and many of the other park attractions. so, grab a tube, get comfortable and relax as you float around the park!




pirate’s cove
pirate’s cove is an interactive water play structure for younger adventurers and features slides, a hydro storm, blasters, gushers, geysers and more. must be under “48 inches to utilize the slides.




terror tube, thunder bump and x-cellerator
test your nerves and choose one of three of the most thrilling water slides in the park. each offering the tallest, fastest and most exhilarating experiences. choose one or choose them all and find your favorite. minimum height requirement is 48” tall.





electric slide & power surge
the two twin slides drop  five stories, twisting and turning for 457 feet, sending riders on a 27-second plunge into its own pool. must be 48” to ride by yourself or without an adult 36”-47” must be accompanied by an adult, using a double tube, handles facing forward, child sitting in front, and child wearing a lifejacket.




sand dollar walk
test your strength and agility on our sand dollar walk. grab the rope above and see if you can walk across the sand dollars that float beneath your feet without falling in.




pro racers
youngsters have a blast on the pro racers! these child-sized slides are not as scary as the big rides giving little ones a chance to enjoy thrills made especially for them. height requirement is under 48″ tall.




cape fear
cape fear screams from a 30-foot-high platform through a darkened tunnel for a length of 215 feet, using single or double inflated tubes. minimum height requirement for single riders is 48″ tall. double riders must include an adult and children must be a minimum of 36” tall and must wear a life jacket.





fun-l-tunnel
the fun-l-tunnel is a slide on the wild side. this narrow darkened tunnel drops 30 feet without a tube. it’s just you and the water for 200 feet. minimum height requirement is 48″ tall.




zoom flume
watch the sky slip by as you zip down our open-air zoom flume. it descends from the same 30-foot-high tower as the cape fear and fun-l-tunnel and goes on for 200 feet. minimum height requirement is 48″ tall.


 

back to top







facebook
instagram
twitter



500 w lake kennedy dr., cape coral, fl 33991 | (239) 574-0558





copyright © 2025 sunsplash family waterpark   |   all rights reserved   |   privacy   |   terms and conditions


build a website


















