







institute for science and international security






































employing science in the pursuit of peace











	no, israel did not use a nuclear weapon in syria: institute fact check
february 3, 2025
some media reports and popular accounts on social media have claimed that israel detonated a low-yield tactical nuclear weapon in the region of tartus, syria, on the night of december 16th. this claim…


more ›









	response to bulletin of the atomic scientists article on iran’s short timeline to a bomb
january 24, 2025
on january 22, the bulletin of the atomic scientists (bas) published an article titled “how quickly could iran build its first nuclear weapon? look at china.” upon reading the article, we felt the…


more ›









	shipment of a controlled vacuum furnace to north korea via multiple states:  an hs code case study
january 15, 2025
a case we learned about via government sources from around 2022 involved north korea and a dual-use vacuum furnace suitable for uranium melting that wound its way from spain to north korea, via…


more ›









	new information on shenyang machine tool company’s illicit sales to north korea and russia
january 15, 2025
several years ago, the institute reported about the relatively large, multinational chinese company shenyang machine tools company supplying sophisticated computer numerically controlled (cnc) machine tools, equipped with western controlled software, to north korea…


more ›









	putin’s achilles’ heel exposed: now is not the time to weaken resolve  [1]
december 23, 2024
for a quarter of a century, the main guarantor of the stability and sustainability of russian statehood was an unspoken agreement between the government and society. 


more ›

see all reports ›







featured material


nuclear non-proliferation video course ›

sign up to receive the latest reports

click to subscribe



 
  


links

video vault
website dedicated to export controls 





featured material



peddling peril index (ppi) for 2023/2024 ›
institute book ›


book on illicit trade by david albright ›






















about us
staff
institute in the news
contribute
contact
subscribe
board
funders

institute for science and international security (isis)

home
countries


algeria
greater mena
india
iran
iraq
israel
japan
korean peninsula
libya
myanmar
pakistan
south africa
syria
taiwan
yugoslavia




satellite imagery


algeriaindiairaniraqjapankorean peninsulamyanmarpakistansouth africasyria




illicit nuclear trade
nuclear explosive stocks


global stocks of nuclear explosive material
fissile material control



weapons programs
more studies






tel: 202-547-3633
.(javascript must be enabled to view this email address)

institute for science and international security
1717 k street nw suite 900
washington, d.c. 20006
all contents copyright of institute for science and international security 1993-2025.        privacy and cookie policy









