



wwe



















    
	wwe
	
  











monday, may 01, 2006



	 
	 total nonstop action wrestling  - tna
	 
    


total nonstop action wrestling (tna) is an american professional wrestling promotion, founded by jeff jarrett and his father jerry jarrett in may 2002 and now owned by panda energy international. the company operates out of nashville, tennessee, with an office in orlando, florida. tna was originally a member of the national wrestling alliance and was also known as nwa-tna but withdrew from the nwa in 2004, in the process acquiring the rights to the nwa world heavyweight championship and nwa world tag team championships until the year 2014.tna is the first american promotion to exclusively use a hexagonal ring as opposed to the more conventional four-sided ring (the mexican asistencia asesoría y administración promotion also frequently utilizes a six-sided ring.). tna is also unorthodox in that championships can change hands as a result of a disqualification or count out, thereby nullifying the "champion's advantage," and heels and faces approach the ring via separate entrance ramps.tna historyafter the closure of world championship wrestling and extreme championship wrestling in march and april 2001 respectively, there was still a demand for southern-style and cruiserweight wrestling that vince mcmahon's world wrestling federation (now world wrestling entertainment) was not fulfilling. tna attempted to cater to this niche market by offering an alternative to the (then) wwf and by recruiting many former wcw and ecw performers who had not signed with wwe. on may 10, 2002, j sports and entertainment (a limited company with jerry jarrett as chief executive officer and jeff jarrett as president) announced the formation of total nonstop action.while several companies, such as world wrestling all-stars, had attempted to fill the void that the closure of wcw and ecw left, tna has experienced the greatest longevity. some suspect that a partial motive behind the creation of tna was to provide employment and mainstream exposure for jeff jarrett, the son of long-time wrestling promoter jerry jarrett, who was unemployed after the collapse of wcw and was unable to find work with the mcmahons (allegedly because he blackmailed vince mcmahon for a large sum of money to wrestle a single match after his contract expired while he held the intercontinental championship in 1999). tna business modelthe original tna business model was different from that employed by wwe in several key ways. by not touring like other major federations have done, tna was able to keep costs down. tna's original system of programming comprised of weekly cable pay-per-views.while most major promotions had aired monthly ppvs, not having a weekly network, syndicated, or cable show from the outset was a radical departure from the norm. the weekly tna ppvs were priced at $9.95 usd per week, much less than the monthly wwe ppvs. the weekly events were also transmitted free - albeit with a six-month delay - on the wrestling channel starting march 2004, this being the company's first foray into the international market.in april 2005, tna announced a partnership with youtube that would see tna supply youtube with exclusive video content in exchange for hosting. in the same month, tna also announced the debut of global impact, a weekly thirty-minute online video show to be hosted by jeremy borash. the first episode of global impact is scheduled to air on may 3, 2006.tna announced that they had secured a deal with spike tv to air impact! as part of spike tv's "slammin' saturday night" block, beginning in the autumn of 2005.on november 7, 2005, it was confirmed that tna has a video game deal with midway games. in the past, video games have been a major source of revenue for other wrestling promotions. the game, tenatively titled tna impact!, is currently scheduled to be released in 2007 for the ps3, xbox, xbox 360 and wii. [6]early in may 2006 rumors surfaced with a strong backing of many pro-wrestling news sites stating that tna will be getting a second hour of programing in late august early september 2006. this has also alluded to a better timeslot on thursday nights getting a major lead in from csi:ny and or ufc programing, the rumored timeslot places tna impact firlmly at 9:00 pm with csi at 7:00 pm and ufc at 8:00 pm. if this were to happen this would give tna more time to imbelish their storylines and to have a possible womens division.tna current championstna recognizes the national wrestling alliance (nwa) world heavyweight and world tag team championship as their top titles. traditionally, nwa world champions regularly defended their titles against local contenders in the various nwa territories. this has rarely been the case since tna began using the titles in 2002, but tna has leased the titles from the nwa until 2014, removing these obligations from the champion. the x division championship is the only championship created and owned exclusively by tna. wrestlers who win all three titles are said to have won the tna triple crown.tna x divisionthe x division is a high-flying, high risk style of wrestling (derided by some as being spotfests) seen in total nonstop action wrestling, it had been one of the key reasons viewers turned into the former wcw and ecw promotions. rather than emphasizing the fact that most wrestlers who perform this style are under 220 lb (100 kg) by calling it a cruiserweight division, tna wrestling decided to emphasize the high risk nature of the moves these wrestlers perform (there is no upper weight limit on the x division title, though in practice most of the champions have been cruiserweights). recently, the emphasis of "it's not about weight limits" was brought to light when samoa joe, weighing around 290 pounds, won the x-division title. to further emphasize this point, the slogan "it's not about weight limits, it's about no limits" was created by tna and is used to describe the division. although it was de-emphasized throughout 2004, the x division is generally regarded as one of the key attractions of tna, and was replicated in several independent promotions.



posted by george at 10:32 am
0 comments






friday, april 07, 2006



	 
	 edge - adam copeland
	 
    


edge aka adam joseph copeland (born october 30, 1973 in orangeville, ontario), is a canadian professional wrestler, better known under his ring name, edge, currently performing for world wrestling entertainment on the raw brand. originally a successful tag team wrestler, he has also made a name for himself as a singles competitor. at wrestlemania 21, he won a "money-in-the-bank" contract, giving him up to one year to challenge the world champion for a title match. he is the former wwe champion after defeating john cena at new year's revolution 2006 by cashing in that contract to win his first wwe championship. just three weeks after he won the wwe championship from cena, edge lost the title when cena made him tap out at the 2006 royal rumble.he gained some measure of infamy among wrestling fans after late february 2005, when he had a real-life adulterous affair with wwe diva lita, causing her and her long time boyfriend and wwe superstar matt hardy to split, when matt was contacted by edge's ex-wife.edge - personal lifeduring his high school years, copeland was voted, "most likely to win the wwf world heavyweight championship", something that he ultimately accomplished at wwe new year's revolution on january 8, 2006. as a teenager, he appeared at wrestlemania vi as part of the crowd, cheering for the then-wwf champion hulk hogan in the "ultimate challenge" main event against intercontinental champion ultimate warrior. on 17 march 2002, copeland would return to skydome for wrestlemania x8, participating and winning in his match against booker t. on 4 july 2002, copeland would team with hogan to capture the world tag team championship on an episode of smackdown!in 2000, copeland made a cameo appearance appearance in the film highlander: endgame as a road bandit. his scene saw actor adrian paul remark "looks like you've lost your edge, lad!" after defeating him.copeland's autobiography, entitled "adam copeland on edge", was published on november 4, 2004.copeland was first married to wrestler sean "val venis" morley's sister alannah, but divorced her 2004. he then met lisa ortiz (not to be confused with the voice actress of the same name) when he was having neck surgery and married her in october. he began an affair with fellow wrestler amy "lita" dumas in december 2004. when the news of the affair broke, copeland separated from his wife and sought a divorce which was completed in november. the status of copeland's relationship with dumas is currently unknown as copeland and dumas have neither confirmed or denied a relationship and many of their fellow professionals have declined to comment on the situation.copeland had a tattoo of a shark flexing its arm that happened to look like a cartoon named "the street sharks" on his upper biceps. he later replaced it with a sun.edge - careerthroughout the 1990s he wrestled for many independent promotions in ontario as well in the great lakes region of the united states under the name sexton hardcastle. as sexton hardcastle he was managed by johnny bradford and judd the studd and would go on to become a part of sex and violence with joe legend, a successful tag team in the detroit area. during 1997 sex and violence were a part of a bigger gang, known as thug life - legend, hardcastle, christian cage, bloody bill skullion and rhino richards. in his indy career, he also won the ssw tag title, the icw street fight tag title and the icw/mwcw midwest unified tag title, all with long time friend, christian cage they were known as the suicide blondes. he was signed by the wwf in 1998.edge was first introduced in the wwf as an enigmatic character, and was placed into a feud against gangrel. however, he started teaming up with gangrel along with on-screen brother and aforementioned real life best friend christian to form a faction known as "the brood". the group joined the undertaker's ministry of darkness.edge - the rated-r superstarshortly after this victory, edge suffered a torn pectoral muscle that kept him shelved for several weeks. during his layoff, he starred in his own show on raw entitled the cutting edge, allowing him to remain on air without actually wrestling while he recovered from his injury. edge then dubbed himself the "rated-r superstar" and began shooting on various wwe performers, including ric flair, sgt. slaughter and michael hayes. he became the number 1 contender for the intercontinental title and tried to take it away from ric flair at new year's revolution 2006.the feud between edge and flair heated up in december 2005, following flair's well-publicized arrest in connection with a road rage incident in charlotte, north carolina. on the january 2, 2006 edition of raw, edge played what he claimed was footage of the incident.however, it was clear that edge had created the video (i.e., dressing up as flair, wearing a wig and sequined robe, and beating up a plant (who was portraying the motorist) to mock flair. flair got his revenge, running edge back to the dressing room and putting a figure-four leglock on lita.at new year's revolution 2006, he was disqualified in his match against ric flair after using his trademark briefcase as a weapon and bashing flair in the head 3 times. however, it would not be his last appearance at the event.edge - finishing and signature moves   * spear   * edgecution/concussion on delivery (impaler ddt)   * edgeucator (inverted sharpshooter)   * one man con-chair-to (sandwich chairshot)   * edge-o-matic (sitout rear mat slam)   * downward spiral (reverse sto)   * winning edge (half nelson bulldog)   * missile dropkick   * electric chair bomb   * flying crossbody   * tornado ddt   * rear naked choke   * dropkickmanagers   * johnny bradford   * judd the studd   * terri runnels   * litanicknames   * "mr. king of the ring"   * "mr. money-in-the-bank"   * "the rated r superstar"



posted by george at 12:18 am
2 comments












previous posts

total nonstop action wrestling  - tna
edge - adam copeland
wrestling shoes
ufc - ultimate fighting championship
rey mysterio unmasked
big show paul wight
wcw sting wrestler
backyard wrestling byw
the rock - dwayne johnson
undertaker - mark calaway

archives

2006-01-22
2006-01-29
2006-02-05
2006-02-12
2006-04-02
2006-04-30


links

the making of a wrestling god
media bio
really top posts
really
set










 





















your ad here
