







rs fincher - welcome to rs fincher professional management services









































 









 



 a heart for successful community living












request a proposal
homeowners log-in
online payments
emergency services
home
services

community association management
office condominium association
financial management


homeowners

property care and maintenance
homeowner resources
emergency services
maintenance services


communities
real estate closings

lender questionnaires
document requests
home inspection reports
closing forms


about us

who we are
management team
blog


contact

request a proposal
customer feedback
employment opportunity


 





emergency services online payments homeowners log-in request a proposal

















 


















‹
›













successful community living
rs fincher & co., llc is dedicated to assisting hoa/coa boards with administrating and coordinating the business affairs of their association while remembering it is a community where families live. 








the offices of rs fincher & co. will be closed for the christmas holiday on monday, december 23, 2024 through friday, december 27, 2024. we hope the holiday season brings you joy. when our office is closed, owners who are experiencing a maintenance emergency can call our after-hours number at (919) 873-8705. please note that our on-call manager can only assist with emergency maintenance needs. you can also get more information on the “emergency services” page of this website (under homeowners).  








request a proposal  















emergency services online payments homeowners log-in 
















 

















welcome
rs fincher & co. provides professional management services to community and office condominium associations who want to experience a management team dedicated to making a difference in commuinty association living.  our company has built an outstanding reputation by helping our clients achieve their goals by implementing standards of excellence to meet the unique needs of each community or office building.  we cultivate a team working environment where board members, property owners and managers all contribute to the success of their communities. we have a heart for successful community living, and success can only be achieved by working together towards a shared goal.  our core values are founded in building authentic relationships, which is substantiated by our dedication to making communication and doing what we say we will do our top priorities.   alongside of these two priorities is professionalism and integrity of our company to carry out the management duties for our communities while at the same time support and maintain the building of “community.”   we encourage homeowners to contribute by becoming involved as board members or committee members.  our staff will serve your needs to put all the pieces together and help you develop as a volunteer in your community.  there are many ways that our company can benefit your community or office building when you partner with us.  we like to think of ourselves as “the glue that holds it all together.”  








contact us

	notice: javascript is required for this content.





 
















rs fincher & co., llc
 (919) 362-1460fax: 919-362-1462info@rsfincher.com
 








 



















emergency services 




proposal request 








online payments 




closing information 








homeowners log-in 




contact us 
































rs fincher & co. 


 


 



 

 

 



(919) 362-1460
copyright 2025 © by rs fincher & co. website design by cap3 




 





















































