


~ celebrity buzz ~
























~ celebrity buzz ~



...fueling your love of the precious and pampered of hollywood












 
 



about me

name:  staci 
location:  northern california, united states 
all the news, gossip and sillyness of hollywood packed into one site.  thanks for visiting!
view my complete profile

 





have some celeb news?  email me
























cost of the war in iraq
(javascript error)
to see more details, click here.








check 'em out


a hot mess
allie is wired
awful plastic surgery
baby bossip
barbie martini
best week ever
b!tch on the street
bricks & stones
buddytv
celeb diet
celebrity dog watcher
celeb glitz
celeb idiot
celebrity mound
celebrity nation
celebrity news
celebrity pictures
celebrity rant
celebrity religion
celebrity sailing
celebrity slap
celebrity smack!
celebrity week
cinnamon scope
d-listed
derek hail
distortrait *new*
earvolution
egotastic!
entertainment gossip 
entry level heiress
the evil beet
the famous guy *new*
fashion by jakel
the fashion v1
gabsmash
gallery of the absurd
glitterati gossip
gossip momma
hip hop ruckus
holy candy
holly scoop
hollywood heartbreaker *new*
hot momma gossip
hotonlinenews
if flats come back...
i'm not obsessed
juicy news
lepaparazzi
life as i know it
make us hot
molly good
newsblog
nosy snoop
paparazzi 24
past deadline
people we love to hate
perezhilton
pink is the new blog
pop shark
post secret
ragzines
reel hollywood *new*
seen on! tv
seriouslyomgwtf
the skinny website
slave to target
star suck
style critics *new*
swim at your own risk
the tabloid
tabloid whore
teddy & moo
thrifty boutique gossip
tmz
too curious
vip glamour
wire girl
yes but no but yes
young, black & fabulous
yummy celebrities *new*






recent entries



see it - "sicko"
disgusting
i love it... the fall of hollywood's pampered
rot in jail
help stop canada's cruel seal hunt
check her out!  amy winehouse!
it's time to grow up ms. spears
hi everyone....
rip:  anna nicole smith ~ you'll be missed
happy new year and best wishes for a peaceful 2007!







monthly archives



march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
february 2007
march 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007







thanks 



        
designed by: zoot






millionairematch.com- the best dating site for sexy, successful singles!  





who links to me?



















yet another web directory




































 


blogroll me!








disclaimer:  the contents that you read on this site are pure rumors and speculation. 
nothing on this site should be perceived to be actual news. 
all images used on this site are taken from the web.





















 


sunday, july 01, 2007






see it - "sicko"



"if we have the money to kill people (with war), we've got the money to help people."~ former british mp, tony bennlabels: sicko



      		posted by staci at 7:24 pm
29 comments








thursday, june 21, 2007






disgusting



nbc has agreed to pay as much as $1 million for paris hilton's first after-jail interview, which will appear on the "today" show, the post has learned.sources told the post the sit-down will be conducted by meredith vieira the day after the heir-head is sprung some time next week.the deal has infuriated abc executives, the sources said, because they were banking on hilton's first remarks as a free woman going to barbara walters, who has become close with hilton's mom, kathy.abc was the front-runner until nbc universal boss jeff zucker personally called hilton's father rick and made the pitch, the sources said.hilton agreed to the interview, but said she'd only speak with vieira because of "disparaging" remarks her co-host matt lauer made about her.a spokeswoman for nbc did not return a call for comment.nypost 



      		posted by staci at 8:49 pm
8 comments








saturday, may 05, 2007






i love it... the fall of hollywood's pampered



labels: spoiled



      		posted by staci at 7:46 pm
5 comments








friday, may 04, 2007






rot in jail



now if we could only get britney spears, lindsay lohan and all the other spoiled rotten "celebrities" to go away.goawayparislabels: hilton



      		posted by staci at 9:10 pm
6 comments








monday, march 19, 2007






help stop canada's cruel seal hunt



we need your help in stopping the seal hunt in  canada. last year, fishermen clubbed and shot more than 350,000 seals in the north atlantic. during the hunt, baby seals are shot or repeatedly clubbed. sealers bludgeon the animals with clubs and “hakapiks” (clubs with metal hooks on their ends) and drag the seals—who are still conscious—across the ice floes with boat hooks. an estimated 42 percent of the animals are skinned alive. hunters toss dead and dying seals into heaps and leave their carcasses to rot on the ice floes because there is no market for seal meat. veterinarians who have investigated the hunt have found that hunters routinely fail to comply with canada’s animal welfare standards.it is legal in canada to kill seal pups when they are about 12 days old. during last year’s hunt, almost all the seals killed were 3 months old or younger. many had not yet learned how to swim or eaten their first solid meals. baby seals are helpless and have no way to escape from the sealers’ clubs.please help today to stop the seal hunt forever by joining the canadian seafood boycott - sign this pledge @ hsus or peta.the sealing industry claims that it is killing more seals because of an increased demand for fur. although the u.s. banned the sale of seal fur in 1972, anyone wearing the fur of minks, rabbits, foxes, or any other kind of animal is responsible for creating a demand for fur, which pushes canadian hunters to club more seals each year.thank you all for joining me in ending this cruel hunt. sign the pledge today!~staciwant more information? click here.labels: seals



      		posted by staci at 10:48 am
10 comments








saturday, march 17, 2007






check her out!  amy winehouse!



amywinehouselabels: amy winehouse



      		posted by staci at 8:31 pm
6 comments















 
 

