



california baptist university | cbu




















































 skip to main
   				content
cbutoggle menu

academics

academics

overview
programs (program finder)
academic advising
faculty directory
schools & colleges
academic calendar
academic catalogs
library




academics
uncover your purpose in a christ-driven community committed to your academic, career
                              and spiritual development.
academics overview




admissions & aid

admissions & aid

overview
traditional undergraduate
graduate
online
international
pre-college credit
tuition & aid
military
request information
visit
apply




admissions & aid
you’ve been created for a unique purpose. cbu makes it our mission to help you realize
                              your role as a servant leader through a combination of faith-rooted academic programs,
                              a christian community invested in your success and financial support.
admissions & aid overview




life at cbu

life at cbu

overview
campus recreation
housing & dining
student support services
community life
career center
academic camps
spiritual life
explore riverside
reserve officers' training corps (rotc)
campus store
event tickets
wallace theater




life at cbu
pursue personal excellence and spiritual growth through cbu’s programs, clubs and
                              organizations and support services geared toward every stage of your journey.
life at cbu overview




athletics

athletics

athletics home
athletic camps




athletics
the mission of the university and athletic department are consistent with developing
                              student athletes who demonstrate the cbu motto to "live their purpose."
learn more about cbu athletics




about

about

overview
leadership
administration
offices
news & events
our faith
statement of diversity
contact us




about cbu
our beautiful 162-acre main campus is situated in the heart of riverside's historic
                              magnolia avenue district just a short drive from popular beaches and mountain resorts.
learn more about cbu






current students
alumni & parents


request info
visit
apply
give
event tickets



toggle search
searchgo



cbu
request info
visit
apply
give
event tickets





live your purpose.
california baptist university believes each person has been created for a unique purpose.
               cbu strives to help students understand and engage this purpose by providing a christ-centered
               educational experience that integrates academics with spiritual and social development
               opportunities.
apply now













academically prepared
learn your life’s purpose through quality instruction and explore in an educational
                     environment that fosters your heart and mind. 











biblically rooted
discover more about god's love through christian faculty, biblical teaching, weekly
                     chapel services, bible studies and small groups.











globally minded
be immersed in new cultural experiences and explore the globe through domestic and
                     international travel opportunities.











equipped to serve
serve your communities and those in other parts of the world through a wide range
                     of exciting service opportunities.







find your program
no matter the stage in your academic journey, cbu has a program to help you live your
               purpose, a modality to match your lifestyle and tailored support to serve your needs.
               


search by keyword



submit



undergraduategraduateonline

image highlight: physician assistant studies, m.s.




turn your passion into a purpose-filled life. 
cbu graduates are challenged to become individuals whose skills, integrity and sense
               of purpose glorify god and distinguish them in the workplace and in the world. 




hannah biltz aviation flight, b.s.  
select story



greg johnson '08 theory and composition, b.m.  
select story



marissa figueroa '19 athletic training, m.s. 
select story






i have wanted to be a pilot since i was 14 years old. at cbu, it was like a family
                        all four years throughout the program. after college, i worked to get the experience
                        needed for the airlines and eventually gained my current role as a first officer with
                        skywest.

read hannah's story





i feel very blessed that the thing that i love to do most in life also happens to
                        be the thing that i am best at and am fortunate enough to make my living doing.

read greg's story





i dreamt of becoming an athletic trainer in the nfl. in 2021, i secured a seasonal
                        internship with the buffalo bills as an athletic trainer. this led to the life-changing
                        moment of becoming an athletic trainer with the organization this year.

read marissa's story







big university feel, small college appeal. 
study at a thriving division 1 institution, but get the care, attention and support
               of a small, private faith-based college. with state-of-the-art academic and athletic
               facilities, more and more students are drawn to cbu each year–broadening the diverse
               campus community for the better.
visit cbu


placesspaces



expand item



the james building
with its prominent bell tower, this location named after dr. whitley e. james is a
                                    cbu landmark and has served multiple purposes over the years.




expand item



college of behavioral and social sciences
one of the oldest and largest schools at cbu, the college of behavioral and social
                                    sciences emphasizes faith as a foundation for community engagement, building relationships
                                    and serving society.


"i am interested in criminal justice, and psychology helps me understand people and
                                          how they function. i have been able to greater understand the complexity of the human
                                          mind and how intricate it is, proving that there must be a creator.”

drew cummins '18b.a. in psychology

about the college of behavioral and social sciences




expand item



bourns college of engineering
through a blend of faith, research, leadership and technical skills, the gordon and
                                    jill bourns college of engineering encourages all students to build a stronger, more
                                    sustainable tomorrow.


“the engineering program believes that service in the community is a great way to
                                          give back while using engineering skills, and they acknowledge different perspectives
                                          on certain ideas.”

darren gamble '21b.s. in engineering

about the bourns college of engineering






expand item



the cottages
there’s always something happening at the cottages — from contests to games to thought-provoking
                                    conversations. a series of front porches facing a large courtyard fosters a sense
                                    of community and collaboration among the roughly 200 students living here.
explore the cottages




expand item



college of nursing
in classrooms and simulated patient care environments, students prepare to meet the
                                    growing demand for skilled nursing professionals.


“while at cbu, i have gained great understanding for the basis of the human body and
                                          medicine. the professors at cbu have been amazing at explaining difficult concepts
                                          and striving to help me succeed.”

jewelee glomb '20b.s.n.

about the college of nursing




expand item



college of health science
from physician assistant studies to healthcare administration, college of health science
                                    students connect with their calling to serve society through compassionate patient
                                    care.


“all of the professors are great, and they've helped me connect with other professionals
                                          in my field. i've learned how to integrate christ into the workplace and how i can
                                          use what i've learned to be the best i can be."

raylene sadorra '19b.s. in healthcare administration

about the college of health science






expand item



yeager center
in visiting admissions or using the university’s support services, you’ll stop by
                                    the yeager center. here, a large marble globe in front symbolizes cbu’s commitment
                                    to the great commission.




expand item



cbu recreation center
reach your next fitness goal, test your endurance and form new friendships at the
                                    cbu recreation center. its 80,000 square feet encompass basketball and racquetball
                                    courts, a futsal field and free weights, plus facilities for intramural sports and
                                    planning your next outdoor adventure.
recreation at cbu




expand item



the cbu lancers
lance up lancers! cbu trains purpose-driven athletes who are academically prepared
                                    and come together through faith, teamwork and the drive to succeed on the court or
                                    field.


cbu student-athletes are purpose-driven champions who honor christ through excellence
                                          in athletics.


the cbu lancers










expand item



research labs
investigate theories and make discoveries alongside faculty in classrooms and research
                                    laboratories.


“the professors at cbu care and want you to do well. they are extremely helpful and
                                          always available for office hours.”

david martinez '19b.s. in biology





expand item



college of engineering labs and classrooms
immersive technical training, including four years of hands-on projects and internships,
                                    prepares college of engineering students for multiple career paths — from building,
                                    system and product development to management, education and academia.


“i had the opportunity to intern at an aerospace company over the summer and work
                                          in their materials and processes department, and i loved being able to study different
                                          chemical processes and how they affected small delicate aerospace parts.”

chloe winter '20b.s. in chemical engineering

experiential learning at the college of engineering




expand item



medical simulation rooms
before starting their clinical assignments, students preparing to enter the allied
                                    health professions learn to care for the whole person in simulation spaces outfitted
                                    with state-of-the-art equipment.


“i have had the opportunity to exercise my clinical practice on modern equipment,
                                          learn from notable professors, network with extraordinary medical staff and have gained
                                          relationships with those who aspire to similar goals as myself.”

janella gadea '19b.s. in radiologic sciences







expand item



athletic performance center
an extension of the recreation center, the athletic performance center supports the
                                    cbu lancers’ training regimen with a 10,800 sq. ft. weight room, larger strength and
                                    conditioning area, a 30-yard training area and dedicated nutrition space.
about the athletic performance center




expand item



courtyard at the cottages
the cottages’ large grass courtyard reflects cbu’s collaborative, welcoming campus
                                    culture, drawing students together for organized group activities and informal outdoor
                                    study sessions.




expand item



jabs school of business
from accounting and marketing to information technology and organizational leadership,
                                    the jabs school of business guides students toward their careers through a mix of
                                    technical and soft skills and an ethical foundation rooted in faith.


“i hope to build an empire with my degree, and this program is teaching me how to
                                          become a master with money. the professors are all wonderful and i have had a lot
                                          of deep talks with them.”

alexander sorrells '20b.s. in finance

about the jabs school of business






expand item



community life lounge
play, study and relax at the lounge, one of cbu’s many community-building spaces.




expand item



foosball in smith hall
cbu students embrace the power of teamwork and achieving results together — even for
                                    a quick foosball game in smith hall, the all-male freshman dorm on campus.




expand item



dining
across a wide range of meal choices, cbu’s dining centers invite students to build
                                    bonds over food and fellowship.
dining at cbu









 


connect with your calling
build your career on the depth, power and impact of your faith. see how cbu can help
               you pursue your god-given purpose.


applyrequest infostudent stories






cbuback to top

get in touch



california baptist university8432 magnolia avenueriverside, ca 92504

(877) 228-3615


campus maps & directions
request more information
employment




more info

insidecbu
lancermail
blackboard
student handbook
student calendar
campus store
faculty directory
emergency information


youtube
instagram
facebook
twitter

linkedin

copyright © 2025 california baptist universityprivacy accessibilitytitle ixclery reportcares actwebsite supportregister to vote








 ©
