







idle hand tattoo 
























































about


artists


appointments


contact


merch





menu








575 haight st
san francisco, ca 94117
415.552.4353


san francisco, california 




your custom text here











about


artists


appointments


contact


merch














about
idle hand, san francisco, tattoo, tattoo shop, traditional tattoos, portrait tattoos, lower haight, holly ellis, jason donahue, austin maples, ross jones, gary royal, derick montez






















































 if you have a specific tattooer you’d like to work with please contact them directly through the “artists” link in the menu  or select appointments for our next available appointment.owned and operated by holly ellis since 2007, idle hand has been a distinct presence in the lower haight for over a decade. we offer custom artistry in a professional environment, which reflects the deep and storied history of tattooing in san francisco. while staying true to the roots of tattooing in sf, we also work to push the envelope of our craft by constructing individualized adaptations of classic work in an environment which promotes the creativity of artists and clients alike.whether you walk in and browse our over five hundred sheets of flash, spanning a century of tattoo history, for a piece of art that you need to have, or make an appointment to consult with one of our artists for a more individualized piece, we’re happy to leave our mark on you.feel free to email us at idlehandsf@gmail.com, call us at +1(415) 552 4353, or use the info on our ‘artists’ page to contact the artist directly to schedule an appointment.if you’d like to keep up to date with what our artists are doing at the moment, check out our instagram: @idlehandsf



deposits & payment



we are a cash only establishment. our shop minimum is $150. in order to complete an appointment with us, we require a deposit. please note that appointments can not be confirmed until a deposit has already been received.we also adhere to a strict 72 hour cancellation policy. this includes rescheduling of said appointment. if not completed prior to 72 hours, the deposit will be forfeited. 



shop rules



must be 18 + and have a valid id or passportno cellphone conversations inside the shopbring cash. 





subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you!





due to limited space, and the high volume of inquiry, we have established an invite only policy for any guest artists who appear at idle hand. view artists  →



guest artists































powered by squarespace





























