




avoid bad lasik; list of evaluated surgeons; detailed information about risks, benefits, cost, etc.

















































 


how to choose 
                            a lasik doctor


find certified surgeon


50 tough lasik questions


 


ask lasik expert


lasik q&a forum


 


lasik 
                            top articles


what is lasik?


lasik cost


lasik results


wavefront custom ilasik 


bladeless lasik


lasik patient survey


 


lasik alternative 
                            top articles


monovision lasik


prk, lasek, epi-lasik


rle lens exchange


 


lasik groupon


$1,500 off  lasik


 


 


 


 


 



 
the usaeyes.org 
                            website complies with the  honcode standard for trustworthy 
                            health information:  verify here. 


 


 










nonprofit lasik patient advocacy usaeyes
avoid bad lasik; list of evaluated surgeons; detailed information about laser eye surgery risk, benefit, cost, etc.




      









 

 

 
 





detailed  information
nonprofit: services are free
make confident decisions
all about lasik
find a doctor
personalized answers



at usaeyes find 
                        detailed lasik laser vision correction information, a list of  doctors who 
                        have been certified to meet specific patient outcome requirements, informative steps that will help  avoid problems, and answers to just about 
                        all common lasik questions.

nonprofit: services are free
usaeyes is nonprofit, does not 
                        sell  lasik, doesn't accept advertising, 
                        and all 
                        patient services are free.

make confident decisions
have confidence 
                        in your decisions about conventional  lasik,  wavefront custom lasik,   bladeless lasik,  prk,  lasek,  epi-lasik,  p-iol, and  rle . all are discussed without a sales pitch. researched responses to specific questions about laser vision correction surgery  are provided at 
                        our  lasik forum. 

all about lasik
lasik is the most 
                        often performed surgery in the us. occasionally 
                        misspelled "lasic", " lasec", 
                        or "lasix", laser assisted 
                        in-situ keratomileusis is  laser vision correction surgery that changes 
                        the shape of the cornea (clear front) of the eye 
                        to reduce the need for glasses or contacts. lasik 
                        may correct myopia (nearsighted) or hyperopia (farsighted) vision, astigmatism, 
                        or reduce the need for reading glasses. it is medically 
                        safe and  recovery is usually fast and painless, but lasik 
                        is not right for everyone. the most you can expect 
                        from lasik is vision after surgery without glasses to be the same quality as vision before surgery with glasses. although it is possible to have vision after sugery that is better than with glasses, this would be an unreasonable expectation. because contact lenses tend to...   cont. 

looking for best lasik surgeon?
if you are ready to choose a doctor to be evaluated for conventional 
                        or custom  wavefront  lasik,  bladeless lasik,  prk, or any  refractive surgery procedure, we  recommend you consider a doctor who has been evaluated and certified by the usaeyes nonprofit organization. 
                        locate a usaeyes evaluated & certified  lasik doctor.

personalized answers
if this article did not fully answer your questions, use our 
                        free  ask lasik expert patient forum.






recent lasik news...

 
new study shows the percentage of americans with myopia increased 66% since the 1970s.  
 
lasik laser vision correction is approved by the us internal revenue service as a medical procedure that may be paid with tax exempt flexible spending arrangements (fsa) contributions.  
 
femtosecond laser lasik flaps resulted in complications in less than 1% of eyes that underwent the surgery, according to a study published in the journal of refractive surgery.  
 
getting lasik before the end of the year may allow the cost to be deducted as a medical expense from 2009 income taxes.  
 
patients of lasik provision in dewitt, a community in upstate new york were surprised to find the medical office closed without warning or explanation, yet another reminder that lasik patients need to select their doctors carefully.   





last updated 
                      













"consider 
                    and choose with confidence"tm


a few of the communities 
                  where lasik doctors are certified by usaeyes :



new york
los angeles
st petersburg fl
san francisco
chicago
orange county ca


new jersey
santa rosa ca
phoenix
 san jose
bakersfield
san gabriel valley


walnut creek ca
 
 
 
 
more lasik surgeons




 materials 
                    presented in this website are for informational purposes only and are 
                    not medical advice. see full  terms of use.
                    unless otherwise indicated, copyright 1997-2013 â© council for refractive 
                    surgery quality assurance, a nonprofit organization.
                    800/usa-eyes - 800/872-3937
                    no images, graphics, or text may be reproduced in any media without 
                    express written permission.
                    usaeyes, crsqa, council for refractive 
                    surgery quality assurance,
                    50 tough questions for your lasik doctor, and consider and choose with 
                    confidence are trademarks of the
                    council for refractive surgery quality assurance
                    all rights reserved.
google+














