


thailandtravelers.com, thailand and bangkok news blog
























    
	thailandtravelers.com thailand and bangkok news blog
	
  
recent news on thailand and bangkok in co-operation with thailandtravelers.com, news topics may vary from travel news to political and current issues.



monday, march 12, 2007




our main site is now completely upgraded, visit our thailand guidenews can now be found here and will be refreshed automatically.thank you for visiting this blog in the past.



posted by ken @ 1:45 am  
      
         0 comments






monday, may 29, 2006



	 news on main website
    


from now on all the newsheadlines will be posted and updated continuously on our homepage: guide to bangkok and thailandfurthermore we will be adding pictures from now on on our thailand pictures page



posted by ken @ 12:45 am  
      
         0 comments






monday, april 03, 2006



	 thaksin claims victory in thai elections
    


caretaker prime minister thaksin claimed victory last night as the results of the elections come in. mr. thaksin claims 16 million people voted for him (official results are not in yet) and he thus receive a new mandate from the people to lead the government. mr. thaksin announced before the elections he would step down if he received less than 50 percent of the votes.however these elections were a big blow to the ruling thai rak thai party as the majority in bangkok (50.1%) marked the "no vote" option on their ballot together with a strong no vote in the south. the north remains firmly under trt control as he is popular here due to cheap healthcare and loans.mr. thaksin announced he would ask an independent committee to look at the situation and step aside if asked to. it is widely believed however that he will hold on to power as long as possible. rallies in the capital are likely to continue after these elections and what happens from now on is all but certain.



posted by ken @ 7:48 pm  
      
         0 comments






sunday, february 26, 2006



	 thaksin dissolves parliament, rallies continue in bangkok.
    


pm thaksin dissolved the parliament on friday and announced a snap election on april 2. the move is widely seen as one to whitewash himself, a new mandate from the people would clear him from allegations over his legitimacy after the sell of of “shin corp”. critics however say that a new election will not solve the problem as it concerns mr. thaksin and not his thai rak thai party. yesterday 100000 people joined another rally demanding for him to step down immediately. analysts expect the trt party to win the new elections as his populist policies hand out vast amounts of money to the rural poor. furthermore the state owned tv stations either do not report on the rallies or play down its significance, itv reporters yesterday had to leave the rally site as they reported only 6000 people there. several reports came in from the rural areas that tv stations actually broadcasting the event were blocked for several hours.for the best real-time coverage we encourage you to visit the website of "the nation"



posted by ken @ 8:47 pm  
      
         0 comments






sunday, february 05, 2006



	 rally against thaksin ends peaceful
    


no major incidents occured at the rally to get prime minister thaksin out of office on saturday. as it is still unclear how many people attended the protest (bkk post reports 50000 and the nation 100000 people) it is clear however that this was a strong signal against the current government.sondhi, thaksin's main critic, handed over a petition which will be forwarded to the king and calls for the imidiate step down of thaksin.the pm already replied by saying he's not going to step down unless the king asks him to.



posted by ken @ 5:25 pm  
      
         1 comments






thursday, february 02, 2006



	 major rally against pm thaksin coming up
    


tomorrow there will be a major demonstration against prime minister thaksin and his government at the royal plaza in bangkok. analysts estimate the crowd could grow up to 100.000 people. this rally is the result of questionable deals the pm did involving his own corporation shin corp, he sold the company for 73.3 billion baht but did not pay a penny in taxes. several academics have called for his resignation as well as his biggest opponent mr. sondhi who is a media giant himself and saw his tv show been banned from thai television for anti thaksin retoric.mr thaksin himself denies all allegations and says he will clarify himself in a radio address to the people.people are advised to mind the area around the royal plaza as pro-thaksin demonstrators might cause a clash with the crowd. 3000 police men will be on guard tomorrow to keep an eye on the crowd.



posted by ken @ 9:42 pm  
      
         0 comments






monday, january 09, 2006



	 more smoking regulations for public places
    


more places have been added to the already long list of places where smoking is prohibited in thailand. in thailand you are not allowed to smoke in restaurants or shopping malls and from the end of this month smoking in both air-conditioned and non air-conditioned trains is also prohibited.we wonder if this rule also applies for the bar in trains, enforcement is often more difficult than changing the law.



posted by ken @ 2:19 am  
      
         2 comments






monday, january 02, 2006



	 nemo rescue operation a success?
    


in order to restore the "clown fish" population in thai waters the fishery department released 1800 of these better known as nemo fish into the ocean. unfortunately only eight survived because they could not adapt to the wild and got eaten within 24 hours. last year however only 2 survived after 4000 fish were released, the nemo fish is popular to keep in aquaria and are often illegally caught.



posted by ken @ 3:24 pm  
      
         1 comments






thursday, december 15, 2005



	 tsunami alarm set of day too early
    


locals were frightened yesterday when they heard the newly installed tsunami warning system siren. in blind panic they fled to higher ground not knowing this alarm was an accident, it is supposed to be tested today. luckily there was a farang to take the blame as an american engineer admitted he accidentally pushed the button. ohhhh, mai pen rai, no thai to blame and at least the system works.



posted by ken @ 6:14 pm  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, december 13, 2005



	 unclear how new bird flu victim got the virus
    


it is still unclear how a 5 year old boy who died of the h5n1 bird flu virus last week got infected. the boy from nakhon nayok (north of bangkok) would not have been in contact with infected poultry as all of the birds around his house tested negative for the virus.27 people are currently under observation as there is fear it might be a human to human transmission although there is no evidence for this either. a possible explanation would be that one of the pigeons around the house infected the boy.another suspected case of bird flu turned out to be another virus strain (h3n2) which is not bird flu.



posted by ken @ 2:53 am  
      
         0 comments






saturday, december 03, 2005



	 thai rak thai faces declining popularity
    


the thai rak thai party from prime minister thaksin faces falling popularity amongst the thai people after recent troubles in the south, slow economic growth and demonstrations against the government. this comes at a time when the battle between thaksin and sondhi (his biggest critic so far) is at an all time high. for a nice overview of these 2 mud throwing persons and their history visit this special website by the nation.



posted by ken @ 9:24 am  
      
         2 comments






tuesday, november 29, 2005



	 thai buses to be improved?
    


pm thaksin urged to improve conditions, safety and services of bangkok's public buses the bangkok post reports. not just the safety on board is a concern but the engines as well, if you ever been in bangkok you probably remember the cloud of black smoke coming from a bangkok bus. therefore he proposed to change the engines from diesel to natural gas.wonderful idea i would say, no need to clean your windshield anymore after you drove behind a bus!



posted by ken @ 7:27 pm  
      
         0 comments






sunday, november 27, 2005



	 thai katoeys a hit in hongkong
    


katoeys or lady boys are a hit in the new disneyland park in hongkong. they give shows to mainly mainland chinese tourists, up to 3000 visitors a day come to admire the thai beauties. the show is such a success that the organiser is even considering to hold a transvestite beauty pageant.the next step: a cartoon featuring a transsexual donald duck?



posted by ken @ 6:29 pm  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, november 23, 2005



	 thaksin strikes back
    


pm thaksin strikes back at his biggest opponent sondhi limthongkul by filing a sixth lawsuit against the media tycoon. they would have made accusations against thaksin by saying he helped his family owned businesses in acquiring goods. furthermore they brought up the party flight incident on tv (described below). earlier these lawsuits already succeeded in banning the distribution of vcd from the program.press freedom anybody?



posted by ken @ 6:36 pm  
      
         0 comments






sunday, november 20, 2005



	 solar system keeps pm thaksin silent
    


is it yet another trick to keep the media from asking difficult questions or has pm thaksin developed a strong believe in astrology? the bangkok post reported that on arrival back from the asia-pacific economic cooperation summit he said: ``mercury is aligned directly with my star. mercury is no good'' and thus he would not commet on questions asked.one of the questions reporters were eager to ask was about the trip to chiang mai described below.please make up your on mind on this one :-)



posted by ken @ 8:04 pm  
      
         0 comments






saturday, november 19, 2005



	 lets party in chiang mai and take my brothers plane
    


media tycoon sondhi limthongkul yesterday accused a younger sister of pm thaksin shinawatra of using a state aircraft to go partying in chiang mai the nation reports. apparently she went for a celebration of her birthday and her new luxurious house in the northern city. “does everything in this nation belong to you and your family?” was one of his quotes in the address he gave in lumpini park and we guess that quote was quite right.



posted by ken @ 6:40 am  
      
         0 comments






thursday, november 17, 2005



	 more alcohol restrictions in thailand
    


stores and other venues selling drinks in thailand from now on have to stop selling alcohol at midnight! this rule does not apply if you are a wholeseller meaning you can buy larger quantities. the time was 2am before and from next year other places like minimarts and gas stations are not allowed to sell alcohol either. one of thailand's main income sources is tourism, i doubt if tourists going to like this new rule (i don't at least)



posted by ken @ 6:45 pm  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, november 15, 2005



	 thai katoeys (lady boys) hit on unsuspecting businessmen
    


reuters reports that the thai police issued a warning on monday for unaware tourists who might get to close with a thai katoey, lady boy or transvestite whatever you would like to call them. the "transvestite gangs" as the police called them seem to have a new trick. once they tricked a guy to go to his room they engage in a deep and intimate kiss while at the same time spitting a sedative pill down his throat causing him to pass out and giving the katoey eough time to gather all his expensive stuff like laptop, camera and of course money.three ladyboys were arrested last week in bangkok after they admitted to have robbed a bangladeshi businessman of over 300.000 baht.we can only say: 10 points for creativity!



posted by ken @ 6:21 pm  
      
         2 comments






monday, november 14, 2005



	 another bird flu infection in bangkok???
    


in bangkok's suan luang district officials are awaiting the test results of a women who fell ill after she had contact with a dead bird in her house. the tests will reveal if the women is suffering from bird flu. this year there have been two suspected and one confirmed case of the bird flu virus in bangkok. in total 21 people have been diagnosed with bird flu in thailand of which 13 cases proved to be fatal.remember that there still has been just one case of bird flu in bangkok. people who are hesitant to come to thailand now should not be too worried (there are 15 million people living here). you better save your life by looking in every direction before you cross the street in bangkok.



posted by ken @ 6:48 pm  
      
         0 comments






sunday, november 13, 2005



	 moving people from isaan to south thailand
    


the thai government came up with an ingenious plan to move people from the north to the south of thailand to mix them with the southern people and hopefully easy tensions in the south. and what do you know??? a survey conducted amongst 4,476 people from around thailand shows that 68 percent opposes the plan.maybe we should consider moving some americans to iraq to ease tensions there?



posted by ken @ 9:03 pm  
      
         0 comments









	 young thai singer dies after playing fear factor
    


a young thai singer named vaikoon boonthanom died yesterday at the bitec exhibition center after being hit in the head by a wooden barrel, the bangkok post reports. the game based on the us series "fear factor" was organized by grammy for the 5th year already, this is the first time an accident occured.



posted by ken @ 8:51 pm  
      
         0 comments













about
on this blog you can read news on thailand and bangkok, it's a selection of news on all topics but will mostly feature news that stands out from the regular news.

thailandtravelers.com







subscribe yourself to our free newsletterand receive recent news stories from thailand every 2 weeks

email address: 











previous posts

our main site is now completely upgraded, visit ou...
news on main website
thaksin claims victory in thai elections
thaksin dissolves parliament, rallies continue in ...
rally against thaksin ends peaceful
major rally against pm thaksin coming up
more smoking regulations for public places
nemo rescue operation a success?
tsunami alarm set of day too early
unclear how new bird flu victim got the virus

archives

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
april 2006
may 2006
march 2007









 






 


