








american slate | slate tile roofing



































(888) 259-4249
info@americanslate.com















roofing
siding
readyslate
about
contact
 


select page


  
 
 











as of april 2, 2025 american slate company’s website will redirect to vermont slate company

our products





7










superior quality
slate roofing & siding products

let premium quality, handcrafted american slate inspire you to create one-of-a-kind, signature environments. mined from premiere quarries worldwide and selected for natural strength and dramatic beauty, american slate tiles are made from natural stone which thrives out in the elements and is ideal for slate roofs and siding.


explore our products







advantages
natural slate

slate is a natural material. it has incredible innate characteristics which makes natural slate the best roofing material known to man. it has a lifespan of more than 100 years and once installed it requires no maintenance and can consistently perform against extreme weather conditions. 


discover all advantages








superior durability
the most durable roofing material: more than 100 years of working life.








eco friendly
the production process is highly efficient, and it does not use any chemicals.










natural beauty
texture, shine, and beauty created by nature that cannot be imitated.  






n

low maintenance
slate maintenance is almost zero, which in the long run saves money. 











get in touch






name


email address


phone number


message




send






this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.



interested in receiving free slate samples and/or a quote? fill out the form and one of our sales reps will get back to you asap.

american slate co.500 s. acacia ave.fullerton, ca 92831(888) 259-4249info@americanslate.com​



 








contact us	 500 s acacia ave.
	 
 fullerton, ca 92831

	 (888) 259-4249
 info@americanslate.comuseful linksnatural slate roofing
slate siding
contact
suscribe to our newsletter








 



 ©﻿ ﻿﻿copyright ﻿2024 - american ﻿slate ﻿﻿company 












