












pronghorn | find a unique venue for rent and create a rental agreement
















 




pronghorn
try to envision the lifestyle you can experience at pronghorn, central oregon’s premier golf community. two championship golf courses crafted by legendary designers jack nicklaus and tom fazio. for each, their first venture into the great state of oregon. then move to the world-class private club. select one of the less than 300 homesites, where you’ll build your signature home. picture all of this in the heart of 20,000 acres of protected blm land. what more could you ask for?

 golf  jack nicklaus course tom fazio course troon golf academy golf specials tournaments memberships request a tee time  lodging  accommodations special packages book a reservation  weddings & events  weddings corporate retreats events at pronghorn events calendar  real estate  real estate at proghorn current listings lots tesana villas residence club virtual tours since its inception, property owners at pronghorn – an auberge resort have enjoyed watching the sun set behind the cascades, golfed on two of the best golf courses in central oregon and participated in the best social events in bend, oregon. we offer a variety of real estate options that meet a wide range of lifestyles and price points.
explore the remaining golf course properties located on the jack nicklaus or tom fazio courses, or travel through our current listings to view completed custom residences ready for occupancy. these home sites can host a variety of home designs and sizes. the homes weaving through the nicklaus and fazio courses have been designed to capitalize on breathtaking fairways and the cascade mountains range. architectural influences honor the richness of the area’s natural elements, while bringing an attractive unity to the community. membership is included in the price of most real estate purchases, offering access to all of pronghorn’s amenities.
our real estate offerings include:

estate homes
residence club (fractional ownership)
estate homesites
villas at pronghorn
auberge residences at pronghorn
tesana neighborhood

ideally suited for weddings, receptions and celebrations, pronghorn’s unrivaled amenities are graceful and comfortable. luxury lodging, spa and fitness, breath taking views of the cascade mountains and award-winning golf add pampering comfort and fun.
the most memorable day of your life should be held at an exceptional facility. our guests asked us several times, “how do we ensure that our wedding goes smoothly?” and we always answered that the best way to secure everything is to prepare a venue rental agreement. this document includes all the necessary details from the wedding location to the time period and may provide a contingency plan. our venue rental agreement was so well received that we requested our lawyers to prepare other rental agreement templates for your convenience.
rental lease agreement templates
a lease agreement is a contract between two parties (a lessor and a lessee) that outlines the terms of renting property. often, people use the terms “rental agreement” and “lease agreement” interchangeably. however, these are slightly different agreements. a rental agreement is short-term and signed, as a rule, for a month. also, a rental agreement is used when you want to rent the property for a wedding or other events. a lease agreement is a long-term contract and is usually used for residential purposes.
a simple one page rental agreement will work for individuals who want to get a fast solution to renting the property. the document contains all the necessary information to make it legally binding, but it doesn’t regulate many matters, like a pet and smoking policy, notice requirements, and landlord’s access terms. you should consider all the pros and cons before signing such an agreement. however, if the parties trust each other, it may work.
if you dream about your own real estate, a rent to own agreement can come in useful. this agreement allows you to lease the property with the possibility to acquire the ownership before the lease expires. the main advantage of such an agreement is that a certain percentage of rent payments is applied to the purchase price. the following information must be included in the document: tenant’s and landlord’s contacts, monthly rent, fees, purchase price, closing date, and required disclosures.
a tenant can gain some lessor’s rights and sign a sublease agreement with other tenants. the agreement allows the original tenant to rent out the part of the landlord’s property. however, to sign a sublease agreement, the tenant must always obtain the landlord’s consent. a sublease agreement must also comply with the original lease agreement terms. say if pets are not allowed under the lease agreement, the same applies to the sublease agreement.
a room rental agreement is similar to a sublease agreement, but both landlords and tenants can sign the first one. the landlord may use several room rental agreements to rent out every room on the premises separately. the tenant can sign a room rental agreement with other tenants if they want to sublease a room. it spells out both parties’ expectations and liabilities and binds them to those specific duties and obligations once signed.
as a rule, if a landlord and tenant sign a month-to-month rental agreement, the tenancy is automatically renewed at the end of each term. however, the landlord is not obliged to renew the tenancy every time. they may decide to terminate the tenancy and have the full right to do it with a lease termination letter. the landlord is expected to send the letter a specific period in advance so that the tenant will have time to find another place to live. the letter may not include the reason for the landlord’s decision.
the tenant may also terminate the tenancy earlier than planned. however, unlike the landlord, the tenant must have a reason for such a decision. the reason should be provided in an early lease termination letter to the landlord. among the most popular reasons are relocating to a new city or state, studying or working abroad, and purchasing a home. early lease termination may certain penalty fees depending on the lease agreement terms.
rental application templates
successful landlord-tenant relationships begin from finding a reliable tenant. that’s why a landlord should not hurry and thoroughly study all rental applications. a rental application gives an overall impression of the tenant. the landlord often requests the tenant to agree to a background check to get more information about the tenant’s credit or criminal history. still, there is a slew of federal and state rules that landlords should be aware of before asking for this or that information. according to the fair housing act of 1968, the landlord is forbidden to discriminate against their tenants and treat everyone who fills out a rental application equally. the fair credit reporting act, in its turn, governs how the landlord stores and disposes of information obtained from a rental application form, as well as any tenant credit reports. below, you will find specific rental application templates which comply with state rules and requirements.

rental application california
rental application florida
rental application massachusetts
nys rental application
rental application form nc
texas residential lease application
rental application wisconsin

lease agreement templates by state
lease and rental agreements specify the rights and duties of tenants and landlords in property leasing arrangements. these agreements’ structure is similar in all states. but the documents are governed by state-specific rules in terms of security deposit limitations and anti-discrimination statutes. for example, in alabama, a landlord may request one month’s rent as a security deposit. in california, a security deposit will depend on whether the property is furnished (three months’ rent) or unfurnished (two months’ rent). there are also state-required disclosures to include in lease agreements. for example, in california, a landlord must include the megan’s law clause in the agreement. otherwise, they can expect a time and money-consuming lawsuit. choose a state template from the list below to prepare your specific document and protect yourself from any possible disputes.

alabama lease agreement
arizona lease agreement
california rental agreement
commercial lease agreement california
month to month rental agreement california
room rental agreement california
sublease agreement california
colorado lease agreement
ct lease agreement
florida rental agreement
commercial lease agreement florida
month to month lease florida
georgia lease agreement
hawaii rental agreement
illinois lease agreement
chicago residential lease
indiana lease agreement
louisiana lease agreement
maryland lease agreement
lease agreement ma
greater boston real estate board lease
michigan rental agreement
mn lease agreement
missouri lease agreement
nevada lease agreement
nj lease agreement
new mexico lease agreement
rental lease agreement ny
sublease agreement nyc
nc rental agreement
ohio lease agreement
oklahoma lease agreement
oregon rental agreement
pa lease agreement
rental agreement sc
tennessee lease agreement
texas lease agreement
commercial lease agreement texas
lease agreement utah
virginia rental agreement
washington state rental agreement
wisconsin lease agreement

sample lease agreement:

lease agreements by type
the lease or rental agreement’s terms will depend on the property type you would like to rent and for what period of time. landlords and tenants may decide to sign a short-term, month-to-month, or week-to-week rental agreement. the tenant may seek to rent the place for their car and sign the parking lease or the place where they could hunt and sign the hunting lease. as we mentioned earlier, to ensure the smooth running of your wedding, you are recommended to prepare and sign a venue rental agreement. this will help you manage all the details, from the wedding location to the number of guests. if you want to arrange household responsibilities and duties with another tenant living with you on the premises, a roommate agreement is for you. check other lease agreement types below and choose the one that suits your needs.

commercial lease agreement
garage rental agreement
photo booth contract agreement
barber booth rental agreement
commercial sublease agreement
venue rental agreement
condo lease agreement
rental agreement between family members
hunting lease agreement
month to month rental agreement
parking lease agreement
college roommate agreement
roommate agreement
short term rental agreement
weekly rental agreement
eviction notice templates
no matter how reliable the tenant may seem, circumstances force the landlord to evict them. these circumstances include nonpayment of rent, violation of the agreement’s terms, or committing a crime on the premises. however, the landlord usually cannot evict the tenant immediately—they must provide an eviction notice, also known as a notice to quit. the notice gives the tenant a choice to improve the situation or move out. if the notice is ignored, the landlord may start the eviction process. sometimes, the notice does not provide the possibility to cure the problem. these notices are called incurable and sent due to severe violations, like illegal activity. the notice requirements should be indicated in the lease agreement, but they can be influenced by state laws as well. check the state-specific eviction notices below and create a quality document complying with your local requirements.

30 day eviction notice arizona
30 day notice to vacate california
california 60 day notice to vacate
florida lease termination letter
illinois 30 day notice to vacate
30 day notice to vacate ny
ohio 30 day notice to vacate
30 day notice to vacate oregon
30 day notice to vacate texas
20 day notice to vacate washington state

sample eviction notice:
.
other documents related to lease agreements
there are a few other documents that can be helpful for landlords and tenants. they include rent increase notice, landlord’s consent to sublease, and lease renewal agreement. a rent increase notice is needed to notify the tenant about the future rent increase. the landlord must send this notice to provide the tenant with the time to decide—agree to the new terms or find another place to live. a landlord’s consent is used by the tenant who wants to sublease the property. a lease renewal agreement is signed to extend the tenant’s current lease beyond its expiration date. note that a lease renewal may include new lease terms, so it’s crucial to negotiate everything with the landlord.

california rent increase notice form
rent increase notice
landlord consent to sublease
not renewing lease letter
lease renewal agreement

pronghorn club
once upon a time, a visionary looked upon the landscape and saw the spirit of golf. here in the heart of central oregon, jack nicklaus crafted an unprecedented links course, alongside a tom fazio masterpiece framed by the snow-frosted peaks of the cascade mountains. pronghorn- an auberge resort, a destination golf club and resort in bend, oregon, takes its place among the world’s legendary golf clubs. with a team of passionate and talented professionals, pronghorn continues to blaze a trail of luxury in the pacific northwest.
pronghorn is set amidst one of the oldest juniper forests in the world with a stunning panoramic view of the cascade mountains. this place is exceptional, and we take great pleasure in sharing our community.
we look forward to welcoming you!
golf
golfing in central oregon has never been better. this bend, oregon golf course has it all: ancient lava rock ridges and outcroppings, magnificent views of the cascade mountains, natural landscaping that accents beautiful transitions and true putting surfaces. designed by master golfer jack nicklaus, this signature golf course plays firm and fast and accommodates golfers of every skill level.
this 7,379-yard, par-72, 18-hole course features attention to detail and combines strategy with playability. the jack nicklaus signature golf course provides a minimalist experience with an emphasis on the golf game itself. the 300 plus days of sunshine in central oregon allows for golfing year-round, while the amenities at pronghorn cater to your other senses.
our snack bar is situated at the rear of the clubhouse and is ideally located for golfers on both the nicklaus and fazio courses. it is open seasonally, june – sept, and offers a variety of on-the-go meals and beverages perfect for your golf outting.
membership
pronghorn – an auberge resort boasts an impressive member base and is very proud of the benefits we offer them. we have various levels of membership to meet the needs of our expansive international membership list and invite you to discover the delight of golfing on both the nicklaus golf course and the exclusive fazio golf course, attending the most coveted social events in central oregon and reveling in the luxury pronghorn has to offer. membership is included in the price of most property purchases.
members are entitled to unlimited use of the following amenities:

refundable membership deposit: the membership deposit paid for a membership is refundable, subject to the terms of the membership plan.
no assessments: members are not subject to either operating or capital assessments.
immediate family privileges: the member’s spouse, parents, grandparents, grandchildren and adult children can enjoy the club facilities on the same basis as the member without having to pay additional membership dues.
inheritability: upon the death of a member, the membership can be transferred to his or her spouse, adult child or grandchild.
preferred pricing: members’ pricing on golf shop soft goods purchases (excluding sale merchandise) and food & beverage will be reduced from pricing offered to non-members.
additional benefits: use of tennis court, pools, hot tubs and social activities; camp pronghorn and pronghorn adventures; no food and beverage minimums; fitness facilities; complimentary shuttle to/from mt. bachelor in the winter and to/from redmond and bend airports; preferred room rates for lodging; valet service; 20% off golf shop merchandise and 15% off food and beverage purchases; use of member-only driving range; locker room access; concierge services; troon golf academy access.

troon benefits
pronghorn – an auberge resort joined the troon family in 2010 and is proud to offer the following golf benefits:

troon prive privilege – troon’s premier reciprocal program

we are pleased to announce troon golf’s premier reciprocal program for pronghorn members. golf members at troon privé private clubs have the privilege to play at other private clubs for host clubs cart fee rate. also, members are entitled to bring up to three guests that will play for host clubs accompanied rates.

troon advantage

members of our private clubs are invited to take full advantage of very special rates at select, troon golf-managed, daily-fee facilities. please be aware that this program is for full golf members only and does not apply to residential access programs or any annual golf programs, cards, or passes. the member and up to three guests can enjoy great courses and destinations at great rates at courses all over the nation.
pronghorn happenings
celebrate valentine’s weekend at pronghorn
we host many spectacular events here at pronghorn. whether it be a vineyard hosted wine dinner or a summer concert, our events are not to be missed.
treat yourself and your special loved one with a weekend of indulgence and relaxation at pronghorn, an auberge resort. executive chef kevin linde has created an exclusive 3-course prix fixe menu for friday and saturday evenings and sommelier corey friesen has devised a “bubbles” pairing menu to match.
extend the celebration by staying overnight in our residence club. our junior suites – complete with king beds, soaking tubs and patio overlooking the jack nicklaus golf course – are available on friday and saturday evening for $129/nt. we will welcome you with a complimentary valentine’s amenity of sparkling wine and small bouquet of roses. relax in our outdoor hot tub or reserve a spa treatment or upgrade to our romance package to make your stay extra special.
chateau ste. michelle winemaker’s dinner
on saturday, march 1st, pronghorn will welcome chateau ste. michelle winemaker raymon mckee for a wine dinner featuring his single vineyard and reserve red wines. the dinner will begin with a reception at the trailhead grill at 6:30 pm, followed by dinner promptly at 7:00 pm. chef kevin linde has designed a four course menu and we expect this event to sell out.
weddings
pronghorn, an auberge resort prides itself on the quality of our service, venues and cuisine. our friendly and professional staff will provide you with the ultimate experience in bend and central oregon. whether you are seeking a memorable event shared with many friends and family or a more intimate affair, we are ready to create a flawless, unforgettable wedding for you.
our talented culinary team offers creative selections and we are happy to customize our menu preparations that will exceed your expectations. our luxury lodging and award-winning golf add the final touch to any wedding. we are family friendly and have children’s activities and recreational opportunities available.
our amenities include:

luxury lodging
fitness facilities
spa and fitness
the jack nicklaus signature course
tour academy pronghorn
pronghorn adventures
the business center
free shuttle to bend/rdm airport
full-service concierge

residence club
the first private residence club offering in the northwest, these spacious units are situated along the 18th hole of the jack nicklaus signature course and in the heart of the village at pronghorn. the residence club affords the luxury and amenities of a second home without the responsibility of maintaining it throughout the year when it is not being used. we have developed share interests that are well aligned with the usage patterns of a vacation residence and offer a variety of options for those interested in this distinctive opportunity.
the residence club at pronghorn offers the privileges of a high-end vacation home at a fraction of the cost. ownership benefits include all of the world-class amenities that are typically found at a five-star resort. members own an undivided interest of the residence club with purchase options of 1/4th, 1/6th and 1/12th fractions. units range in size from 2000 to 2600 square feet. residence club interests are conveyed by a deed, which is recorded and guaranteed by a title company. residence club owners are also part of the renowned registry collection, the world’s largest and most experienced vacation exchange company.
residence club units reflect the same casual luxury and high-desert ambiance that has made pronghorn one of the most desirable destinations in the west. interior spaces are enhanced by the finest materials, furnishings and finishes available. first-class services from optional prestocked groceries to a personal concierge-are our standard. membership to the jack nicklaus signature course, the pronghorn clubhouse, the trailhead and the spa & wellness center are included while in residence.
the residence condos, a unique real estate option
these unique, wholly-owned villas offer multiple master suites, private patios and decadent finishes. with fire pits, trellises, walkways, fire places and outstanding nicklaus course and mountain views, the villas epitomize the indoor/outdoor lifestyle central oregon is known for!
each unit offers:

high speed internet access & wifi
private garage
custom furniture
private guest suite with separate entrance
viking and/or wolf appliances
granite countertops
hardwood floors
fireplaces
full storage services

information and faq’s
golf at pronghorn
is the jack nicklaus signature course available for non-members to play?
the nicklaus course is open for resort play. please contact the golf shop at 541-693-5365 for tee times.
is the tom fazio course available for non-members to play?
the fazio course is available to guests only if they have a member-host from the club.
what is the dress code for golfing at pronghorn?
appropriate golf attire is required on the golf course and while using the practice facilities. this includes golf slacks, or bermuda length shorts, and a collared or a golf mock shirt. baseball hats must be worn with the bill forward and shirts must be tucked in. pronghorn is a soft spike facility.
we do offer a wide variety of golf attire in our golf shop.
do i have the choice to walk or use a cart?
yes, it is up to you!
can i rent from the pronghorn golf shop?
yes, we have carts and clubs available to rent for your convenience.
overnight accommodations
what size are the available residence club units?
junior suites (1-bedroom), 2, 3 and 4 bedroom units are available.
is covered parking available?
each 2-4 bedroom residence club unit features a one-car garage. additional parking is available in the driveway, and overflow parking is offered in the main area of the facility.
what else is included when i stay at pronghorn?
your unit will be stocked with welcome amenities. additionally, we have bicycles available free to guests (bikes must stay on pronghorn property), free dvd movie & video game rentals, in-room coffee and tea service and a free daily shuttle to mt. bachelor for all pronghorn guests in the winter.
are movies available to rent at pronghorn?
we have a large dvd library available for free to resort guests.
kids programming
what kids programming is available?
camp pronghorn offers a fun and educational chance for pronghorn’s kids to have a great time away from their parents. the trailhead has an entire wing dedicated to our junior members where they can play board and video games, participate in arts and crafts, swim, and learn from visiting artists and other local professionals. in the summer and during school holiday breaks, day camps are offered with themes such as water week, earth week, sports week, golf week and arts and crafts week.
nanny service is available with advanced notice.
facility rentals
is pronghorn available for special events?
yes, we can host a variety of events, including intimate get-togethers, business retreats and lavish weddings. please call 866-320-5024 for more information on hosting your next event at pronghorn – an auberge resort.
