



animation arena helping you break into the animation, video game and visual effects industry with advice and interviews with professional character animators, game designers and more.






















3d animation
|
2d animation
|
flash animation
|
video game design
|
animation articles
|
featured artist
|



home
|
animation news
|
movie reviews
|
video game reviews
|
comic book reviews
|
animation book reviews
|





















animation news







first look at hotel transylvania






 hotel transylvania
tells the story of dracula's lavish five-stake resort, where monsters and their families can live it up, free from meddling from the human world. but here's a little known fact about dracula: he is not only the prince of darkness; he is also a dad. over-protective of his teenage daughter, mavis...  
read full story > 





paramount pictures creates animation division


after the success of rango paramount pictures has announced today the launch of a new, in-house animation division, paramount animation. with budgets of up to $100 million dollars a film, the studio will target its first release for 2014...  
read full story > 





frist trailer for pixar's brave






disney has uploaded the teaser trailer for the animated film brave, pixar's first fairy tale staring a female protagonist.  judging by the lack of cuddly, anthropomorphic creatures, brave looks to be one for creative storytelling, rather than for the merchandising.  brave is due for release june 22, 2012... 

read full story > 






new animation arena twitter giveaways 

we've got a ton of stuff just sitting around the animation arena office that needs to be put to good use. so why not give it away to you, our dear readers, over twitter? read on to find out how our new monthly twitter giveaways work. 

we just started our twitter account and are still getting used to the format once we've reached 250 followers we will start a monthly giveaway. we will hop on twitter and announce the months giveaway prize (or prizes if we happen to have enough stuff on hand for runner-up prizes) and the conditions to win. we may want you to re-tweet the contest announcement to win and sometimes we'll just randomly pick followers. 

...






read full story >












featured articles







interview with dreamworks animator rebecca perez
when you made the decision to become an animator what was the first step you took to make that decision a reality?

i spoke to current animators. whether by email or face to face i spoke to animators that i admired. there is so much knowledge you can learn from someone who's already accomplished what you are seeking.

how did you get your first paying job in the animation industry? who was your employer and what was your job title?

my very first job was as a "3d technical artist" at lucasarts. i had just graduated from ringling and to be quite honest, i just wanted to get my foot in the door. to just get the smallest opportunity at a studio where i could grow. luckily i had a friend who was already working there and she gave my name to another production who was looking for an entry level artist... 
										
read the full interview with dreamworks animator rebecca perez  >






do you own these top 10 animation books?


have you ever found a book that you began to read which held your attention so much it was difficult to put down? animators have! when an animator discovers a really good book about his craft they simply can't lay it down. the book speaks a language only they understand. the best animation books are the ones that you cannot put down. they are an elite group of books written by the founders of animation and only a handful of their students.

reading alone does not make anyone an animator. but, having the history and knowledge of animation from individuals like ollie johnston and frank thomas at your finger tips is priceless. those studying animation will quickly find they have committed themselves to a life long adventure of learning the art. masters of any art form are life long learners. there are ten got to have books we will share with you today. one of these is referred to as the "animation bible." 


		    
read top 10 animation books >






list of the best video game design schools

the following is a list of colleges and universities with programs that would help someone in their pursuit of a career in character animation and video game design. the list is dedicated to schools that many game studios feel caters to both the technical and artistic field of character animation and video game design...										
video game design school list >








how to become a video game designer
one of the most exciting jobs out in the market today is video game designing.  many have the impression that it would take too much time and skills to accomplish this.  well reality check people...it does not!  if you are into video games and love spending your leisure time (even your work time!), playing games then you have already passed the qualifying stages to becoming a video game designer. 
										
read full article >










artist of the month














featured artist: sam yang 3d artist working for blizzard
can you describe a typical day for you at blizzard?

again, waking up knowing you're doing something that you love at work is the greatest feeling. at blizzard we have taco tuesdays and bagel thursdays, which is awesome! sometimes i forget we get to walk by epic life-sized statues of iconic characters in our games every day. we also have team events organized for us to meet each other around the campus. we have personal art galleries shown on display by artists as well! the work environment at blizzard is great! i've met some of the most nicest and talented people hired around the world. working at blizzard is fun and enjoyable experience, people here are friendly, we laugh and crack jokes all the time yet maintaining professionalism and getting stuff done. it's definitely the place to work.
 
										
read full interview >









most anticipated movie








the hobbit: an unexpected journey 
the "the hobbit: an unexpected journey" follows title character bilbo baggins, who is swept into an epic quest to reclaim the lost dwarf kingdom of erebor, which was long ago conquered by the dragon smaug. approached out of the blue by the wizard gandalf the grey, bilbo finds himself joining a company of thirteen dwarves led by the legendary warrior, thorin oakensheild. their journey will take them into the wild; through treacherous lands swarming with goblins and orcs, deadly wargs and giant spiders, shapeshifters and sorcerers. although their goal lies to the east and the wastelands of the lonely mountain first they must escape the goblin tunnels, where bilbo meets the creature that will change his life forever ... gollum. here, alone with gollum, on the shores of an underground lake, the unassuming bilbo baggins not only discovers depths ofguile and courage that surprise even him, he also gains possession of gollum's "precious" ring that holds unexpected and useful qualities ... a simple, gold ring that is tied to the fate of all middle-earth in ways bilbo cannot begin to know. 
writers: guillermo del toro, peter jackson, fran walsh, philippa boyens
director: peter jackson
cast: ian mckellen, martin freeman, cate blanchett, orlando bloom, ian holm, christopher lee, hugo weaving, elijah wood, evangeline lily, andy serkis, richard armitage



 







featured comic book review 







ultimate spider-man #160 review by hugo bravo
unless you've been living under a rock, you know that marvel has been touting that death of ultimate spider-man for months now, closing a chapter on one of the most consistently entertaining superhero comic book runs of the last few decades. at some points, no matter what the general consensus was with bendis' work in marvel, one could always say "at least ultimate spider-man is top notch." much more often than not, it was. the final issue of ultimate spider-man continues that tradition of quality writing, gorgeous art by longtime bendis collaborator mark bagley (so happy to see him drawing usm where he belongs), and a fitting end to teenager peter parker's life and career as a superhero. yes, he really does die in this issue. 
                                          
even before his final battle, peter parker is already seriously injured, having taken a bullet from frank castle meant for captain america. norman osborn, in full monster goblin mode, has discovered where peter parker lives, and in one frantic issue, spider-man, completely unmasked, goes blow-to-blow against a hyper-powered, almost delusional green goblin. throughout the fight, he will say his final goodbyes to his friends, his true love, and even his aunt may, as if he has already accepted his fate and is almost embracing it. 
..
										
read full ultimate spider-man #160 review >

















top 5animation schools



the art institute online(video game) & (3d animation)full sail university(video game) & (3d animation)
itt tech(game design)
 devry university (game design)
academy of art university (animation and game design)



							full list of animation & video game design schools click here



animation education

best animation schools
animation colleges
choosing an animation school
animation jobs
animation career
animation job boardanimation schoolnew animation arena twitter giveawaysdrawing for animation

3d animation

learning 3d animation
3d animation tutorials
3d-modeling
lightwave animation
maya animation

video game design
video game design school
video game salaries
game design schools
video game design
how to become a video game designer

traditional animation

2d animation
learning 2d animation
animation links

web animation

flash animation
learning flash














animation arena :
contact us | 
				link exchange | 
				advertise on animation arena | 
				submit your art | 
				
			




copyright © 2019 animationarena.com all rights reserved.






