



	welcome - tampabay.wateratlas.org



























                    an edition of: wateratlas.org

presented by: usf water institute


other water atlases

choose a water atlas
chnep water atlas
hillsborough county water atlas
lake county water atlas
manatee county water atlas
orange county water atlas
pinellas county water atlas
polk county water atlas
sarasota county water atlas
seminole county water atlas
tampa bay water atlas







 tampa bay water atlas 











search:


search

















toggle menu




home

discover




discover atlas features
seagrass monitoringlearn how tbep and its partners measure seagrass abundance and health, and about the current state of seagrass in tampa bay.
oyster habitat suitabilitywhat areas in tampa bay are best suited for oyster reef restoration? this analysis uses modeling and multiple criteria to answer that question.
habitat restoration storymaplearn about the habitat restoration assessment, design, and techniques that have been successfully utilized over the past four decades to restore coastal ecosystems in tampa bay.
sea level rise & "blue carbon"visualize tampa bay sea level rise and changes to coastal habitats and the resulting "blue carbon" benefits


tampa bay recreational water quality mapuse this map to quickly view recent water quality results from recreational areas throughout tampa bay.
tidal stream assessmentsview bathymetry, vegetation surveys, and habitat analysis for west-central florida tidal creeks
water-related newsbe informed about important water-related news with implications in hillsborough county and elsewhere
video gallerywatch these videos to learn how to protect and enjoy tampa bay's waterways
more 






contour mapping







maps / data




browse maps and data applications
advanced mapping applicationthis interactive map brings all water resource-related information together in one place
real-time data mapperuse this interactive map to find data from continuously-reporting monitoring stations
data downloaduse this tool to graph water resource data and to download data for your own analysis
microbial source trackinglearn about an epa-funded project that used dna analysis to identify the sources of coliform bacteria in tampa bay


recreational water quality mapuse this map to quickly view recent water quality results from recreational areas throughout tampa bay.
water quality contour mapsvisualize spatial and temporal changes in important water quality measures
rainfall estimatesview the geographic distribution and variability of rainfall amounts, access statistical rainfall summaries, or download rainfall data
water resource searchfind a particular water resource on any of the water atlas websites using this tool
more 






tidal stream assessments







learn






tampa bay restoration





browse learn applications
digital librarysearch our library of water-related documents, maps, websites, videos and organizations
tampa bay restorationfind information about habitat-enhancement projects in the tampa bay watershed from 1970 to the present
water-related newsbe informed about important water-related news with implications in the tampa bay watershed
calendar of eventsfind opportunities for recreation, volunteering, and citizen participation
regulationscheck this list to find out who to call to report problems or to ask questions about rules, regulations, and permitting


stormwater educationfind information to help homeowners, businesses, and contractors reduce stormwater pollution
video librarywatch these videos to learn about tampa bay and how you can help protect it
photo galleryview images of tampa bay's people, places, and natural resources
frog listening networkjoin other volunteers to keep tabs on these amphibian water quality sentinels
more 






participate






volunteer opportunities





browse participate applications
volunteer opportunitieslearn about ways you can help to restore tampa bay's watersheds


report pollutionsee a water quality problem happening? report it here.
add to librarywe welcome user submissions of documents, organizations, videos, etc.
more 



























previous



next











welcome to the tampa bay water atlas
helping researchers, resource managers, and the general public better understand and appreciate florida's water resources.





find a waterbody
 loading page...

















aerials
topographic
streets
national geographic









type the name of a water resource in the box below.

water resource name


search







popular resources
near me






                                hillsborough bay
                                
                            



                                st. joseph sound
                                
                            



                                double branch creek
                                
                            



                                little manatee river
                                
                            



                                middle tampa bay watershed
                                
                            


find nearby waterbodies




please allow 
                        tampa bay water atlas
                        access to your location.


tampa bay water atlas
                            uses your location to show local water bodies that are closest to your location.  




looking for water resources



unable to access your location information

                        geolocation is not supported by your browser. consider updating your browser or switching to a modern browser to use this feature.
                    

                        permission to access location was denied.
                        
                    

an unknown error occurred trying to access your location. please try refreshing the page.


an unknown error occurred trying to find waterbodies near you. please try refreshing the page.


no waterbodies were found around you.





waterbody on a different wateratlas. 
                








popular resources








recent news


                clearwater marine aquarium releases six rehabilitated sea turtles into florida waters
                

                florida senate panel approves bill banning golf courses, courts and lodges in state parks
                

                tar balls wash ashore in south florida. the source of the goo is a mystery
                

                state agency says reason for lake apopka fish kill remains a mystery
                

                sewer repair work closes lane of alderman road in palm harbor
                

                bcc adopts sand dune protection ordinance
                

                fort de soto park’s north beach to reopen monday
                

                tyndall academy dismisses early due to water main break
                

view more news 




upcoming events































×
event details





view full event
close


view all events 





photo of the week




egmont key ca. 1925



view more photos 


featured video









view more videos 





popular tools

library
data download
realtime data and map
advanced mapping
water quality contour mapping





how can you help?

report water pollution
get involved
submit a photo
submit a document
contribute historical information





atlas facts
153,170,069
total number of samples stored within the tampa bay estuary atlas data warehouse









discover

recreational water quality map
seagrass monitoring
oyster habitat suitability
tidal stream assessments
water-related news



maps / data

advanced mapping application
real-time data mapper
recreational water quality map
contour mapping
opendata portal
rainfall estimates
tidal stream assessments
spatial library



learn

digital library
tampa bay restoration
water-related news
calendar of events
education
frog listening network
regulations



participate

volunteer
report pollution
add to library



about

an edition of wateratlas.org
about the atlas
contact us
accessibility
disclaimer
privacy
connect with us










                the usf water institute is committed to ensuring that our websites conform with accessibility support guidelines for people who need to use assistive technologies. 
                we are continually improving the user experience for everyone, and applying the relevant accessibility standards. 
                view our accessibility statement for more information.





		    copyright © 2001 - 2025  usf water institute, school of geosciences, college of arts and sciences, university of south florida
















