













kids party fun: kids birthday party ideas































 



















 
      








 toggle navigation    


home
party themes
planning guide
invitations
favors
decorations
activities
 












welcome to kids party fun!
 find fun and easy ideas for celebrating birthdays, holidays, and other special occasions with your children!
choose from over 100 party themes, including first birthday, princess, pirate, superhero, slumber party, jungle safari, under the sea, and many more!
 not sure where to begin? use our planning guide to get started. 
 













party planning guide



over 100 party themes!



local party directory



one is fun!










 party
themes 


100 party themes
favorites by age
first birthday party
holiday parties



 party
items 


invitations
decorations
party favors
discount coupons



 party
planning 


planning guide
helpful hints
games & activities
fun food




 





party planning
try to start planning 6 weeks prior to the party. this much time isn’t absolutely necessary, but it will enable you to pull the party together at a relaxed pace. plus, planning this far ahead will allow you to purchase party supplies as part of your regular shopping trips, instead of running all over town at the last minute. the biggest risk of waiting until the last minute is that some of your child’s friends may not be able to attend due to other commitments. more party planning tips!




games & activities
games, activities, and entertainment enliven a party, provide an opportunity for guests to interact, and become fun party memories. successful party activities are a snap with a little advance planning and preparation. find fun ideas for arrival activities, activity stations, arts & crafts, group activities, free play, entertainment, and closing activities. party games & activities ideas!




fun food
food is a must-have for children’s parties, but a much lower priority for young guests than having fun. keep the food for children’s parties simple and rely on kid-friendly favorites. have a variety of snacks, such as crackers, cookies and fruit pieces, available during the party and then serve cake towards the end of the party. if the party is during meal time, have pizza delivered or make mac & cheese ahead of time. fun food ideas!




party invitations
buy or make fun invitations to go with your party theme. involve your child with cutting, pasting, coloring, or applying stickers and stamps to the invitations. send the invitations at least 2 weeks before the party to allow guests to hold the date. request rsvps by e-mail or phone one week before the party so you know how many guests are attending before you make your final purchases of party supplies. party invitation ideas!




party decorations
decorations add instant excitement to a party. fortunately, a little creativity goes a long way and you don’t have to spend a fortune to create a fun and festive environment. one easy way to decorate is to purchase party ware consisting of matching plates, cups, napkins and tablecloths in a color or theme that suits the party. add colorful balloons and streamers for high impact at low cost. party decoration ideas!




party favors
party favors are a nice way to thank guests for attending, reciprocate for their thoughtful presents, and send them on their way with a small gift from your party. a favor can be one higher cost item, such as a flashlight, coloring book, or yo-yo, or a collection of lower cost items, such as stickers, pencils and candy, wrapped in cellophane and tied with a ribbon. party favor ideas!




helpful hints
prioritize! there are so many fun things you can do, buy, and make for your child’s party that the party can sometimes become bigger and fancier than it really needs to be. this means extra work, extra cost, and probably less fun for all those involved in making the party happen. focus on the things that are key to the party fun and most important to your child. when in doubt, put your effort into games and activities, instead of food and decorations. more helpful hints!




ages & stages
your child’s age can determine the type of party he or she will enjoy. 1-2 year olds often do best with short parties in a familiar location. 3-5 year olds usually enjoy playing with other children, but may still be most comfortable with a small group in a familiar location. 6-9 year olds are often social and adventurous and may enjoy an outing to the movies, bowling alley or other entertainment venue. tweens and teens usually have distinct ideas about what is cool and what is not so be sure to involve them in party planning. favorite parties by age!




parties for boys & girls
if the party is going to be attended by both girls and boys, choose a theme that will work well for both genders. a princess party isn’t going to fly with most male guests, but a princess and knight party will be hit. other party themes that work well for both girls and boys include jungle safari, circus, carnival, movie, bowling and mini-golf. parties for girls & boys!



 
 




 




favorite parties first birthday party
1st birthday themes can focus on the #1 or characters that are popular with young children. a favorite toy, such as a doll, teddy bear, or truck, can also inspire a fun party theme. more first birthday party ideas!
tea party
a tea party is great “grown-up” fun and a special way to celebrate birthdays and holidays. a tea party can highlight a special toy or book, such as princesses, dolls, teddy bears, ms. spider or alice in wonderland. serve bite-size sandwiches, cheese cubes, cookies and decaffeinated fruit flavored teas. more tea party ideas!
super hero party
if your child is hooked on a super hero, this is the perfect party theme. thanks to tv reruns and movie remakes many children idolize the old-time superheroes, such as superman, spiderman, and batman. more super hero party ideas!
jungle safari
have wild fun with a jungle safari party at home, nearby park or local zoo. make invitations with a drawing or photo of favorite jungle animal or a safari vehicle. play barrel of monkeys or pin the tail on the zebra. make animal masks. more jungle safari ideas!
slumber party
slumber parties become cherished childhood memories. make a slumber party extra special by having your child select a fun theme, such as outer space, movie night, or spa makeover. clear a room for guests to spread out their sleeping bags, or if your child is adventurous and the weather pleasant have the children sleep in tents in your yard. more slumber party ideas!

 


















    copyright © 2000-2025 -  kids party fun - all rights reserved jamie jarvis


home | about us | contact us

     |










