








the universal packing list






 








toggle navigation








home


car hire


blog


weather


currency


time zones


contact









interactive packing list generator
we've been helping travelers remember what items to pack on the internet since 1994.  let us use our experience to help you pack everything you need to make your holiday the special experience it should be.  free to use, print it or save it - it's up to you. we hope you like our new, fresh interface.






instructions for creating your custom travel packing checklist:
we've redone our site to make the process of creating your own list as quick and painless as possible.  just follow these easy steps:

place a check in the box next to the items you wish to add to your list.  we've preselected the most common ones, but feel free to uncheck those not needed on your vacation.
add up to 15 more items to the list to cover items we don't have listed.  while we've been doing this for over 20 years, we don't know everything! (coming soon)
press the "i'm ready" button to generate your list.  we'll take you to the next screen where you can print,or save the results.

if you have any comments please let us know.  




clothing

        socks/hosiery        
                            

        underwear        
                            

        sleepwear       
                            

        bras/undershirts        
                            

        t-shirts        
                            

        dress shirts    
                            

        casual shirts        
                            

        jeans    
                            

        dress pants      
                            

        shorts    
                            

        dresses       
                            

        skirts    
                            

        swimsuits        
                            

        outerwear   
                            

        hats
                                
        gloves    
                                

        athletic wear        
                                

        backpack   
                                

       casual shoes      
                                

       hiking boots    
                                

        running shoes        
                                

        dress shoes  
                                

        sandals        
                                

        belts   
                                

        ties        
                                

        purses    
                                

        hidden document holder        
                                

        watches
                                



toiletries

        toothbrush      
                            

        toothpaste        
                            

        soap       
                            

        deodarant        
                            

        shampoo/conditioner        
                            

       mouthwash     
                            

        comb or brush        
                            

        shaving supplies    
                            

        sunscreen      
                            

        contact lenses/solution    
                            

        makeup       
                            

        makeup remover    
                            

        medications        
                            

        birth conrtol   
                            

       feminine hygine       
                            

        vitamins
                            

        insect repellant        
                            

        hair products   
                            

        lip balm      
                            

        pain reliever    
                            

       band-aids/first aid        
                            

       dental floss   
                            




technology

        mobile phone
                            

       laptop/tablet
                            

       usb chargers  
                            

       voltage adaptor
                            

       flash memory card
                            

       kindle  
                            

       flashlight  
                            

      headphones  
                            

       camera  
                            

       alarm clock  
                            

       whistle  
                            


misc carry on

        cash
                            

       passport
                            

       credit cards  
                            

       atm cards 
                            

       insurance cards
                            

       itinerary  
                            

       house keys  
                            

       reading material  
                            

       car keys  
                            

       emergency contacts  
                            

       travel pillow  
                            

       eye mask
                            










helpful packing checklist articles
 

travel packing list
 the upl was created back in 1996, however it first
 appeared on the internet in 1994.  the goal of the site has always been
 the same: provide unique packing suggestions tailored to the trip you 
are taking, not a generic one size fits all approach.
 all you need to do is to fill in the boxes above 
about your trip and then you will be presented with a custom travel 
checklist.  use this to make sure you have everything you require for 
your trip and try not to leave it until the last minute.
 you can also find out the expected local weather at your destination to assist you when working out what you need to take. you can also use our time zones tool to work out the time difference between where you are and your destination.
 upl also allows you to book car hire
 for when you arrive at you destination.  this was added at the request 
from our users due to the large increase in prices when you land at a 
destination as oppose to booking in advance.
 during our research we also found that buying 
currency in the airport or whilst abroad resulted in large extra fees 
for our users.  please see our currency converter
 which will allow you to work out the rate you should be getting.  use 
it also to pre-order currency to make sure you secure the best rate and 
maximise the spending money you are taking away with you.
 we also added a dialling codes tool
 which will inform you of the exact number you or your loved ones back 
home will need to use to contact your destination.  you can also use it 
to work out what number you need to use to call home when abroad.
finally, we keep our eyes out for great product recommendations for traveling.  i found this review of potty training videos to be pretty darn funny.  if you are traveling with a child that age, check it out.
 we are constantly adding new tools to upl and appreciate any suggestions.  if you would like to see anything added or are interested in advertising or sponsorship opportunities please contact us.  in the meantime please check out our blog or follow us on social media to keep updated on our new features.















