

































































culpeper county | breaking news | read breaking news for culpeper county, va, weather, traffic, crime, sports, entertainment, politics, and more.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















33°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



education



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



games & puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



sponsored features


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



culpeper star exponent archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



subscribe



newsletter sign-up



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

business

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs








33°
fair
























        
        
            evhs academic spotlight: elaine balino

eastern view high school junior is governor's school student, dual enrolled in college classes, varsity soccer player, who likes to bake and want to be a doctor.

















        
        
            cchs academic spotlight: miranda prezleski

culpeper county high school junior is governor's school student, sca and yearbook club member, volleyball player on track to earn associate's degree.

















        
        
            military spouses who are federal employees can continue to telework

office of personnel management issues new guidance on trump's return-to-office directive in response to vindman, wittman "support military families act."

















        
        
            legislators request study of last four years of books removed from va. schools

virginia had the fifth highest amount of book bans in the country last school year, with approximately 121 bans across five school districts.

















        
        
            culpeper-area community briefs for feb. 15, 2025

a large crowd of mourners turned out for former councilman bobby ryan's funeral at the masonic cemetery.

















        
        
            black history month series: knowledge is power for new freemen

it would be another 26-41 years before the segregated system would begin to catch up; through perseverance and leadership things would begin to improve.

















        
        
            religion news for feb. 15, 2025

culpeper acoustic café at baptist church 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            military spouses who are federal employees can continue to telework


















        
        
            culpeper-area community briefs for feb. 15, 2025


















        
        
            evhs academic spotlight: elaine balino















                
                the latest


















        
        
            after shooting her 4 kids, wyoming mom called 911

a gofundme account for cliff harshman, the father, had topped $44,000 by tuesday afternoon.












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            vhsl reverses transgender athlete participation policy to align with trump's executive order

the virginia high school league (vhsl) has changed its policy regarding transgender athlete participation. 





















        
        
            watch the winter storm roll into virginia on these web cams











                
                interact with us


















        
        
            best of your hometown 2025



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            canadian flag sales soar amid trump's rhetoric




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            vhsl reverses transgender athlete participation policy to align with trump's executive order

the virginia high school league (vhsl) has changed its policy regarding transgender athlete participation. 




















        
        
            virginia football transfer portal tracker: who is committed to the cavaliers? who is on the way out?

virginia football's 2024 season is over and roster changes for 2025 are already starting to take shape. this transfer portal tracker keeps up to date information.





















        
        
            hokies' pry on loss in duke's mayo bowl

virginia tech football coach brent pry discusses the hokies' 24-10 loss to minnesota in the duke's mayo bowl. 




















        
        
            jaxson dart ends his ole miss career with 4 td passes and a 52-20 romp over duke in the gator bowl

jacksonville, fla. — jaxson dart's final college pass was a 69-yard touchdown that got him chewed out by coach lane kiffin on the sideline.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.












partner








        
        
            from building glutes to shredding abs: the 4 hottest fitness trends for 2025

get healthy. here are four ways to build resistance, resilience and longevity into an exercise regimen that you’ll love.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            acti-kare responsive in-home care



                                        14115 lover lane suite 110/culpeper business center, culpeper, va 22701
                                    






 website






















        
        
            culpeper football association



                                        p o box 692, culpeper, va 22701
                                    






























        
        
            planet fitness



                                        725 dominion sq, culpeper, va 22701
                                    






 website















                
                print ads
                
            






















other





        
        
            rappahannock rapidan regional commission




































        
        
            best of your hometown 2025



















×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


place a classified ad

newsletter signup

join our team

public notices

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

submission forms

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        culpeper star-exponent, po box 111 culpeper, va 22701
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































