




augustinian academy














































































home
our school

meet our teachers
about us
military families
student life
athletics
volunteers
fundraising
testimonials


administrative

policies
admissions
tuition
bus transportation
school uniform
health services
calendar
school lunch
classroom supplies
employment opportunities


academics

after-school program
pre-k
technology


donate
events & news
contact
 











































where fun happens!
educatingyour children















where fun happens!
educatingyour children















where fun happens!
educatingyour children















where fun happens!
educatingyour children















where fun happens!
educatingyour children















where fun happens!
educatingyour children















where fun happens!
educatingyour children
























 









welcome to 



augustinian academy! 



- pre-k through 8th catholic school 



							augustinian academy was established in 1885.
we are accredited by new york state.

we proudly serve the communities of carthage, fort drum, copenhagen, lowville, beaver river and all outlying areas. busing is provided from many school districts. military families are welcome!						






learn more about our school ->











 















links to surveys for cognia self-assessment review 



							as you read in your parent letter sent by email, during the 2024-25 school year our schools will engage in a self-assessment review that demonstrates that all our diocesan schools are engaged in on-going attention to and evaluation of the learning environment that addresses areas of excellence and challenge as well as areas of needed improvement. most importantly the process will assess the program and culture of our schools in terms of their distinctive catholic mission as described in the national standards and benchmarks for catholic elementary and secondary schools.
a major component of this process is to solicit comments, ideas, and opinions from our stakeholders – parents, teachers, administrators, students, and community members.
please use the links below to complete the two surveys that correspond to your child’s grade.
thank you for your interest and willingness to share your ideas. 
						



							sincerely,
sister suanne johnson, principal 



pre-k parents:
https://eprovesurveys.advanc-ed.org/surveys/#/action/273460/p57751
https://eprovesurveys.advanc-ed.org/surveys/#/action/273454/p57751

k – 12 parents:
https://eprovesurveys.advanc-ed.org/surveys/#/action/273459/p57751
https://eprovesurveys.advanc-ed.org/surveys/#/action/273454/p57751








join our augustinian academy family! 
positions available: 



							cafeteria substitute

–must be willing to work within a short notice period
–$15.50/hour
–call the school (315-493-1301) for more info.						











 





 
















 








welcome military families! 



							we are proud to serve the families of fort drum and the 10th mountain division! military families are welcome at our school and play a vital role in our community.

approximately 70% of our student body comes from military families! busing is provided from all on-post housing and most surrounding off post communities. military family life counseling services (mflc) are accessible to support military students and families affiliated with augustinian academy.						











what do our families say? 



“a great school for military families! we moved here from ga and the teachers at augustinian did such a great job and put in extra time after school with my kids to make sure they were where they needed to be academically. a very family friendly environment that has allowed my children to thrive spiritually, socially and academically. best school we’ve been to in the 5 states we’ve lived in.” 











“we had the most wonderful two years at augustinian academy. we are a military family that moves every two to three years. the biggest stress of the moves is finding our next school. choosing augustinian academy for our boys, ages 10 and 12, was the best move we ever made. the quality of education was leaps and bounds above any school we have attended. my sons are academically way ahead of their classmates in their new pa schools. the support for the military community that comes from the school is genuine and consistent. it was extremely difficult for our family to leave this amazing school when it was time for our next move” 















 









why choose augustinian academy? 















augustinian academy
 















 






 









 









 









 












 






 









 









 








 








 








tel: (315) 493-1301






fax: (315) 493-0632






317 west st, carthage ny 13619






send an e-mail

 




est. in 1885  in the tradition of the sisters of st. joseph. educating children with academic excellence and catholic family values.  



  
augustinian academy is a pre-k through 8th grade school located in the diocese of ogdensburg.

 










                            © 2024 augustinian academy. all rights reserved.    |    website designed by northern computers.                        

follow us:


















































