













oregon bed & breakfast guild: discover your ideal b&b accommodations


















































oregon bed & breakfast guild



skip to header rotation
skip to main content









main menu




logofind an inn

by regionby amenityby experienceview allinns for sale
our regions

central & easternmt. hood and the gorgecoastportland areasouthernwillamette valley
membershipcontact obbggift certificatesblog503-893-4210   
















oregon trail waterfalls
we want to help you fall in love with oregon by exploring all that oregon has to offer. sign up for our newsletter and receive great ideas for adventuring in oregon. peruse our blog for trip ideas, upcoming events and to see a digital version of the oregon trail of waterfalls map.                        sign up!




x






















welcome to the best of oregon’s bed and breakfasts




 
from the coast, portland, mount hood and the gorge, willamette valley, southern oregon to the rogue river valley or central oregon to the high desert of the east; members of the oregon bed & breakfast guild offer unique and comfortable accommodations.
get to know our state like a local; stay with one of our member inns in any one of the wonderful regions of oregon.
we offer romantic getaways, historic treasures, and tucked away rustic retreats. whether your trip is for a quiet escape to a quaint rural or coastal town, for a world-class city experience or for a new spin on business travel, you can be assured of combining gracious hospitality with ambiance by staying at an inspected and approved guild member b&b.








 





our b&bs friendly & relaxing 
our guild member inns are excited to share their hospitality with you.
view b&bs 












view recipes local, fresh, & sustainable 
our recipes are inspired by local produce, fresh dairy, and sustainable meats.
view recipes 





 







amenity

find by amenitysearch our guild member inns by amenities.find inns 




region

find by regionsearch our guild member inns by regions.find inns 




experience

find by experiencesearch our guild member inns by experiences.find inns 







 gift certificates

gift certificates are the best gifts for friends, family or any special occasion.
learn more 







read our recent posts
 spring lodging deals at the old ...
february is going out on a high note at meadows, where this week's winter storm has dumped 3.5 feet of snow as of... read more
 
 state capitol state park in sale...
welcome to state capitol state park, a unique place to stroll, reflect and gather. a 21-acre t-shaped park,... read more
 
 la bastide bed and breakfast in ...
la bastide bed and breakfast is located in dundee, oregon, within 2 miles of more than 25 wineries and tasting... read more
 











  salem, or 97309                        phone: 503.893.4210
email | website
accessibility | privacy | site map 

facebook
pinterest
instagram



be the first to know!
receive trip ideas and information about local events.

sign up now







© oregon bed & breakfast guild 2025. all rights reserved 2025. website design and marketing by acorn marketing.







call for assistance503.893.4210
 













 


call
inns
map

membership




close x
503.893.4210


find my roombook now





logofind an inn

by regionby amenityby experienceview allinns for sale
our regions

central & easternmt. hood and the gorgecoastportland areasouthernwillamette valley
membershipcontact obbggift certificatesblog503-893-4210  




