
























techinsights inc. - the semiconductor information platform













































































 




  skip to main content












user account menu

sign in
free sign up











techinsights












 


 
 
×


insights 


by industry
automotive
capital equipment
fabless semiconductor
foundry
integrated device manufacturer
product manufacturer
view all industries


by technology
compute
logic
teardown
connectivity
iot connectivity soc
mobile rf
teardown
manufacturing
manufacturing analysis
semiconductor manufacturing economics
packaging
semiconductor packaging
power & battery
battery
power semiconductor
teardown
sensors
image sensor
teardown
storage
memory - embedded & emerging
memory - nand & dram
teardown


by theme
artificial intelligence
chinese developments
chiplets
sustainability



ebook
generative ai in the telecom industry

subscriber
nvidia's blackwell platform: powering ai with advanced electronics




news, blogs & events 


news, blogs & events
blogs

podcast
featured reports
webinars & events



webinar
china's chipmakers: driving the path to semiconductor self-reliance




subscriber
a tale of two foundries (tsmc and hlmc) and one design house (hisilicon)





discover why techinsights is the semiconductor industry’s most trusted source for in-depth, actionable intelligence
newsletter sign up





about us 

overview
investments
customer case studies
our experts
community involvement
contact us


careers








explore techinsights
















user account menu

sign in
free sign up































 
 
 
 
 








breaking news
china enters 2025 with big memory breakthroughs
not one, but two advanced memory developments confirmed out of china’s ymtc and cxmt. 
explore the  developments











webinar
china's chipmakers: driving the path to semiconductor self-reliance
join us for an exclusive webinar where techinsights experts boris metodiev and risto puhakka will unpack this dynamic and evolving industry.
register now!











sustainability
semiconductor sustainability: predictions for 2025
explore techinsights’ 2025 semiconductor sustainability predictions, including insights on carbon emissions, silicon intensity, ai’s environmental impact, and net-zero targets.
read our 2025 sustainability predictions











chip observer
the december 2024 chip observer is here
explore the latest semiconductor trends in the december 2024 chip observer: intel’s leadership shake-up, us-china trade tensions, quantum computing breakthroughs, and south korea’s political crisis.
read the chip observer in 1-click!











free ebookartificial intelligence
discover how on-device generative ai is shaping the future of innovation
our new ebook dives deep into groundbreaking tech advancements, market impact, and actionable strategies for r&d and product innovation.
read the ebook and unlock the future!


































search to access free in-depth analysis, teardowns, and reports.













































memory developments







china enters 2025 with big memory breakthroughs
techinsights has discovered not one, but two advanced memory developments out of china’s yangtze memory technologies corporation and changxin memory technologies.
explore the memory developments now 




first china-made ddr5 memory released from cxmt china, ddr5-6000 with 16nm dram node! 


techinsights finds ymtc 2yy-layered 3d nand—the highest tlc bit density ever! 








trending headlines









chip observer december 2024: intel shake-up, trade tensions, and quantum leaps






the blooming ai pc processor market: a $35 billion opportunity by 2029






the chip insider®– trump’s triumph: redux











five key trends for consumer electronics in 2025






five key trends for automotive in 2025






five key trends for wearables in 2025











how trump policies could disrupt automotive semiconductor markets






insights into logic standard cell height optimization






ai procurement outlook: a record-breaking year for semiconductors







 



view all blogs


























daily insights







 






toyota announces the launch of its third-generation fuel cell system









 






softbank released samsung smartphones in ten years in japan









 






years in the making; apple expected to release new iphone with custom 5g modem









 






honda and nissan officially terminate integration mou









 






vivo topping china and india smartphone market in q4 2024









 






the launch of the first gan-based commercial onboard charger for evs









 






foxconn chairman says interest is in partnership, not acquisition with nissan









 






byd offering free autonomous driving features









 






hyperscalers capex to match their annual sales over $300b in 2025









 






ai data center investments in france









 






lyft to launch autonomous robotaxis in dallas









 






nxp acquiring npu capabilities to support automotive ai requirements














create free account
log in




















techinsights is the authoritative information platform for the semiconductor industry.
discover the power and potential of the techinsights platform and see why our customers include the most successful technology companies. with the world’s largest vertically integrated collection of unmatched reverse engineering, teardown, and market analysis in the semiconductor industry, customers rely on our analyses to make informed business, design, and product decisions faster and with greater confidence.
use the search below to explore in-depth analysis, teardowns, and reports—all for free. dive into exclusive insights you want and need.









 























semiconductor sustainability









navigating the future of semiconductor sustainability






apple's sustainability efforts: a closer look






when green and growth compete – biden’s new law exempts semiconductor fabs from environmental review






apple vision pro: exploring the design and sustainability of its innovative battery pack






the looming shadow of ai on semiconductor sustainability






making the case to adopt renewable energy in fabs








view all













unveiling the a18 vs a18 pro – key differences in apple's latest socs
discover the key differences between the a18 and a18 pro processors in the iphone 16 series. log in to techinsights platform for the full analysis and detailed insights.





 

apple iphone 16 pro max (a3295) teardown
uncover the titanium design, a18 pro chip, 6.9" oled display, and 48mp camera.







 

apple iphone 16 teardown
discover design changes, new camera controls, and the a18 processor.


















2025 outlook reports








advanced packaging outlook report






sensor outlook report






power outlook report






pc/laptop outlook report






manufacturing outlook report






automotive outlook report






compute outlook report






connectivity outlook report






ai outlook report






mobile outlook report






consumer electronics outlook report






memory outlook report








create free account
log in























huawei pura 70 ultra: teardown images and board annotations revealed
















insights to stay ahead of the competition

 

1.5m+
reports


100,000+
chips torn down


110,000+
platform users


650+
companies served


30+
years of experience



















invaluable insight from industry-recognized smes

 

leverage 25+ years of expertise to reveal technology innovations that impact your organization.




 
 





 
 
 





 
 
 








view all smes

















our insights have been featured in
































 





 


february 04, 2025

2025 semiconductor industry forecast: key trends & insights
  discover the top semiconductor trends for 2025, including ai-driven chip innovations, memory market shifts, and custom silicon advancements. view this free techinsights report to stay ahead.










learn more









 





 


february 04, 2025

chip observer: february 2025
  deepseek’s ai breakthrough shakes the market, u.s. tariffs and chips act funding uncertainty disrupt supply chains, and techinsights uncovers major semiconductor advancements.










learn more









 





 


january 27, 2025

deepseek surpasses chatgpt
  discover how deepseek’s innovative approach to ai is challenging hardware reliance and setting new benchmarks in generative ai development.










learn more





















 



make informed business decisions faster and with greater confidence
start my free trial



 















the authoritative information platform to the semiconductor industry.
discover why techinsights stands as the semiconductor industry's most trusted source for actionable, in-depth intelligence.




create accountnewsletter sign up







×

sign up for latest analysis, news and insights from techinsights!
stay informed about techinsights’ products, services, and events. email collection adheres to techinsights’ privacy policy.











 



home
reverse engineering
market analysis
sustainability solutions
techinsights on china
industries


blogs & news
webinars
about techinsights
our experts
careers
contact






















 


 




1-877-826-4447
1891 robertson rd #500, nepean, on k2h 5b7
copyright © 2025 techinsights inc. all rights reserved.

 

accessibility | privacy policy | terms and conditions | conflict of interest and confidential information | ethics and compliance





 









































