





the goddess - by morgaine swann















































skip to content




 


menu


home
welcome
about me
contact
 




menu



















how fuck buddy sites are giving women sexual empowerment 




posted on september 20, 2022june 14, 2022 by helmighippen 





in a world where women are still expected to be the ones to make all the moves and initiate sex, it can be difficult for them to find someone who’s willing to do these things. we’ve become so used to waiting around for men to go first that we forget how good it feels when they finally take control.
many of us have tried online dating or hookup websites in hopes of finding that special person to share our bodies with. but, unfortunately, most people don’t know how to actually connect on these sites, which means it can feel like we’re just playing games. some of us may even wonder if there’s any point in going through the motions because no one wants to date a desperate woman looking for a quick fling anyway. well, fuck buddy dating is revolutionizing this way of thinking by offering women an opportunity to reclaim their sexual power.
what is a fuck buddy?
this type of relationship allows people to get what they want without having to compromise themselves or put up with bullshit. it lets you be as honest about your needs as possible while also giving you some autonomy over your own sexuality. also known as casual relationships, fuck buddies are generally short-term (one night stands) or long term affairs (casual sex partners). if you choose to enter into one of these types of arrangements, you’ll be able to enjoy the best of both worlds: the intimacy of a committed relationship and the freedom of a casual one.
fuckbuddy sites are taking over
there are countless hookup sites to choose from. one such site is f buddy usa, which was created to help women meet other singles who are looking for the same thing they are. the goal here is to give each woman a place where she can explore her sexuality freely, make connections with potential partners, and have fun doing it. so, if you’re ready to feel like you have control over your body again, then you might want to consider trying a fuck buddy website like this one out.
you can read more about f buddy usa in this review of the site, but i will say that this is definitely the kind of place where you can get exactly what you want. it’s not easy to find a partner who’s down to fuck whenever you want, but this is a great place to start. this site has a well-organized and easy-to-use platform, meaning you won’t struggle to figure out how to navigate it.
the best part? finding guys who are interested in similar things is super easy. all you need to do is set up your profile, upload pictures, and browse through the thousands of members who are actively looking for casual hookups. while other sites require you to sift through profiles one at a time, you can use this site to quickly narrow down the search results based on location, age range, sexual preference, body type, etc. because it’s so simple to use, you’ll be able to spend less time searching and more time having fun. you can also keep track of the guys you’ve met so you don’t waste any time meeting up with a guy who doesn’t live up to his online profile.
why fuck buddies are so great
there are many advantages to entering into a fuck buddy arrangement. for instance, since you don’t have to worry about falling in love or getting emotionally attached, you can focus on having fun instead. and that’s exactly what this kind of relationship should be all about; sex shouldn’t be stressful. you can simply relax, let loose, and enjoy yourself without worrying about being judged or criticized. plus, a lot of women feel more sexually empowered after they enter a fuck buddy relationship because they get to choose who they sleep with and when they … 
read more





why women are embracing the term “thots” through sex positivity 




posted on august 31, 2021november 14, 2021 by helmighippen 





while sex used to be a more taboo topic, and women who have casual sex have been shamed, that’s been changing quite drastically over the past years. more and more young people are embracing a variety of sexual expressions, and women are being more vocal and outspoken about their sex lives.
while similar terms like “slut” have a negative connotation, more and more women are embracing the term “thot.” this term has been popularized by hip hip artists like megan thee stallion. there’s even a new hookup app, simply called thots, empowering people everywhere to have more casual sex.
“i’ve been using it since i started writing songs and i’ve been using it online and i just started using it in real life, too,” megan said of the word she’s become known for. “you know, if we call ourselves a slut, it’s like, we’re shaming ourselves. and i’m like, i am a slut. that’s who i am.”
but, as sex becomes less and less taboo, these words are also becoming more popular because they’re a way of expressing your sexuality in sexcercise a positive way. it’s something that the media doesn’t portray often enough, and as the world continues to evolve, it’s something that young women are embracing.
“people that say things like ‘thot’ are embracing and acknowledging the fact that it is, in fact, a sexual desire for a man and a woman,” megan thee stallion explained.
“it’s not a bad thing, it’s actually very empowering. we’re able to say we’re comfortable in that space, and we’re not ashamed of our sexual desires. we’re comfortable with it.”
why is the term “thot” becoming more popular?
a lot of young women are embracing this term, and there are a lot of different reasons. for some it may be because they’re curious about what sex is like, while others are seeking more sexual freedom.
but, if you’re wondering why it’s becoming more popular, then there are a couple of reasons.
one of the most important is a cultural change that the word “slut” has created.
“we live in a culture where, if you’re a young woman and you’re having sex, then you’re either a slut or you’re not a woman,” alexis said. “it’s just so much more freeing to call it thot and just be like, ‘yeah, i’m a thot.’
“i think that’s a really powerful thing. it’s empowering. i think it’s really freeing for girls and for women to be like, ‘yeah, i’m a thot.'”
another reason is because society is getting more open about sex.
“it’s getting really open, really quick,” megan said. “when you look at all of these artists right now, they’re just talking about everything. they’re not talking about anything sexual or anything negative about that.
“there’s just a lot of people that have been trying to talk about things, and even though the culture is getting a lot more open about sex, society is still trying to protect a lot of our women’s sexuality, so they’re being more outspoken and people are more open about it.”
how is our society changing its views on sex?
alexis said that she’s seen a lot of women embrace this word, especially young women, who feel more comfortable embracing their sexuality because they’re more open about it.
“i think a lot of younger people are becoming comfortable with this, and it’s just more of a sign that we are in a positive time.”
as the culture becomes more open about sex, it’s normalizing it more. and as the conversation about sex continues to evolve, so does our culture.… 
read more





how sugar dating sites like secretbenefits are empowering women 




posted on august 26, 2021june 14, 2022 by helmighippen 





among the other countless dating sites, one category that’s particularly interesting is sugar dating. on sugar dating sites, wealthy men sign up to date attractive women. the men are expected to pay for expensive dates and buy nice gifts for the women. the men are called sugar daddies, and the women are called sugar babies. while this might seem odd, we’re here to tell you why this is actually incredibly empowering for women.
before we go into why, let’s start with some statistics. the most well known site in this category is called secretbenefits. it was launched in 2004, and has a staggering 1.1 million ibebet users. while the site is the biggest, it’s not the only one. a quick search on google reveals that there are a lot of dating sites that operate in a similar way.
this is one of the reasons why sugar dating sites are so powerful. many women don’t have the opportunity to get paid for sex, but on sugar dating sites they are empowered to take advantage of the system and make a little cash. this is a really empowering situation for women, and it shows how dating sites are truly changing the dating scene.
men are the ones who have traditionally enjoyed sex. women, on the other hand, have often been denied access to the benefits of sex because they weren’t considered a “real” woman. sugar dating sites are changing this dynamic by giving women more access to sex than ever before.
why sugar dating is empowering
it’s no secret that sex is the ultimate status symbol. wealthy men are generally the only ones who can afford to buy sex, and they are the only ones who can afford to date attractive women.
in this situation, the women are at the mercy of the men they date. if they don’t look a certain way, if they don’t wear certain clothing, if they don’t look the part, then the men aren’t going to be interested in them. on the other hand, if the women are a certain way, dress a certain way, have certain looks, then the men will find them desirable.
sugar dating is a very powerful tool. on a sugar dating site, the men can be picky. they’re only interested in dating attractive women who are the right kind of women. if a woman is attractive but a little off, then they aren’t interested. if a woman is a little ugly and her looks aren’t up to scratch, they won’t care.
in this case, women can take charge. if the women don’t want to pay the guy, they don’t have to. if they do want to pay, they can do whatever they want.
sugar dating is also empowering because it allows women to have a little fun. women on sugar dating sites can spend the money they earn on what they want. they can buy their hair done, get new outfits, go out to expensive restaurants, and even visit a spa.
why sugar dating isn’t about sex
it’s common to think of sugar dating as a means of meeting up with someone for sexual favors. when someone is paying you for sex, it can seem like a form of prostitution, which is often associated with abuse and exploitation. while sugar dating is often about sexual favors, it’s really not.
on the sites like secretbenefits, women aren’t paid for sex. they are paid to go on dates with wealthy men. in some cases, they’re paying for gifts for the men. however, if they don’t want to go on a date, the men won’t be bothered.
in this case, women aren’t paying for sex, but they are still taking advantage of the system. on the sites like secretbenefits, women aren’t being paid for sex, but they are still empowered to have sex. they can do what they want. they can date who … 
read more








the glorious gestalt of gale harold 




posted on may 27, 2020december 28, 2020 by helmighippen 





remember guns ‘n’ roses? music in the 80’s had degenerated into synthesized fluff and a morass of pop platitudes that left the remnants of the rock generation cold https://buff.game/fortnite/. then suddenly, from nowhere, there they were – hairspray and tattoos and miles and miles of attitude. black leather and heroin and biceps to die for. and guitars – actual balls-to-the-wall riffs wailing and screaming and scratching their way into our very souls. not a synthesizer in sight. fuck the new wave – rock was back, baby, all the way.”welcome to the jungle” became the anthem of a new generation of drugs, sex and rock ‘n’roll. that, my friends, was a gestalt. for one brief moment in time, the planets aligned and all the elements clicked into perfect harmony and the whole became more than the sum of its parts. it didn’t matter that it didn’t last. frankly, they should have stopped with one album. they started going to hell the minute axl stopped teasing his hair. music was fun and gritty and blues-y like the stones and the faces before them. those of us who enjoyed the torrent of metal and grunge that followed owe most of it to g’n’r.
at this point, you’re asking yourself “what has this got to do with gale harold?” my answer would be “everything!” the producers of queer as folk have stated that “he fell out of the sky – there’s no other explanation” but i disagree. it was time – more than time – for a gay superhero/anti-hero and he needed to pull the mainstream, mediocre middle just a little farther toward the lascivious left . if gays are ever going to have true political representation, full exercise of their civil rights, and the safety and dignity that middle america takes for granted, they have to lose the stigma of being “different”. the only way that happens is for the middle to move past its adolescent views of sexuality. the average person must become, in effect, “unshockable” where gay sex is concerned. that’s a tall order. where to start?
well our gay hero – let’s call him g.h. for simplicity’s sake – has to appeal to more than just the 10% of the population that happen to be gay. (i think that number is really low. gay men run the world is my perception, and most people have some kind of homosexual experience. 50% is probably closer, but that’s just my opinion and it belongs in another article.) it’s going to be hard to draw straight men in – they have “issues.” they will, however, tune in if they think it leads to getting lucky. so our g.h. needs to appeal to women. most social change begins with women anyway, since they raise and educate and socialize most of us, in our early years at least. how do you make a g.h. appeal to women? you make him straight. it may seem a little odd for the feature character in a gay-themed show to be played by a straight actor, but after all, it is acting… and if you want this g.h. to draw the ladies in, he’d better be unequivocally straight – maybe an ex-construction worker who drives a truck. these aren’t hard and fast rules – randy harrison and peter paige have lots of female fans – but for sheer volume, the women who watch the show need to lust without reservation. what single woman in this day and age hasn’t had a crush on a guy who turned out to be gay? once you’ve been through that, your “gaydar” gets sharp as a tack to prevent further embarrassment. no, our g.h. definitely needs to be straight. and gorgeous.
our g.h. has to be comfortable with his role. this is showtime we’re talking about and queer as folk was going to take that “no limits” tag line all the … 
read more








gwyneth 




posted on may 27, 2020 by helmighippen 





“golden gwyneth” says the magazine cover. darkened eyes peer at me from under straight bleached hair. i am fascinated. i am repulsed. i wouldn’t say i’m obsessed with this chick, but she definitely bugs me. the first time i saw her, my reaction was typical. another skinny blonde actress – how original. she seemed such an instant success that i quickly came to loathe her. i had a rule – i would only see her movies if someone was trying to kill her. interestingly enough, there were several of those. did hollywood know? anyway, a friend dragged me to just such a movie, and i found myself rooting for her at the end. holy shit! did i actually like the girl? ok, radical change in thinking here. it’s happened before . i’m not afraid to admit when i’m wrong. so i saw a couple more of her movies and i found that i liked them. then i found out she was blythe danners daughter. looks just like her. blythe danner had been in a great tv show in the 70’s called “adams rib”, where she played a married feminist attorney and had thus had a hand in the formation of my developing feminist sensibilities. (i was about 10 or so.)
then it began. the academy awards where g. wore the dress of my dreams and the hairstyle of my nightmares. she was a hit. she was everywhere. she was goddamed inescapable. the new “it” girl, the magazines proclaimed and galvanized my ambivalence about her very existence. to be perfectly fair, she seems like a nice person and she can definitely be entertaining. if i met her, i’d probably think her a perfectly lovely human being. personality aside, i think i’m upset more about what she represents than about her actual being. every minute of my life i think ” i should have been born gwyneth paltrow.”
i exaggerate. i told you, i’m not obsessed. let’s face it though – g. is the ultimate clean white girl. you know the type. a tall w.a.s.p.-y vision fit for boarding schools and board rooms and you just know she took riding lessons. a younger, hipper “lady who lunches”. she dated ben affleck and makes movies with matt damon. maybe i do hate her. what i really hate — or rather, resent–is the access that she has and i never did or will have. i used to be young but i was never “fabulous” except in an over-done, drag queen sort of way. even if i had come from money, i wasn’t tall, wasn’t thin and i never felt “clean”. i didn’t have that smooth white skin that glows rather than perspires. i didn’t learn the unwritten rules of the gentile country club set. it’s the unknown that tortures me. i know that she sees things and goes places and knows things that i really don’t understand because i’m not a part of that culture. the hell of it is that i’m just outside of it. the evidence is everywhere. gwyneth at the runway shows on the evening news. gwyneth at a premier in a magazine. gwyneth frequents this spa and that designer and was in madonna’s wedding. and that is the real source of my discomfiture. how can you get on with your life if you know that there is a party going on and you aren’t invited?… 
read more








growing green 




posted on may 27, 2020june 30, 2022 by helmighippen 





my political past is somewhat checkered. when i was 7 years old my parents had me out with them collecting signatures for wallace. that’s right, george wallace. i wasn’t old enough to understand what i was doing, but i did develop a love of political involvement. i take my politics seriously.
being from the south, my heritage was that of working class democrats. my parents were staunch independents and were somewhat taken aback when i went “backwards” and registered as a democrat, though they eventually followed my lead and my mother in particular was a darling of the democratic fundraisers during the clinton years. in the last election robotmo.de, all three of us were delegates to our state democratic convention. it was the most disappointing experience of my life. it was obvious that many of the items we were there to vote on had already been decided in back rooms see this site. there was an air of collusion in the way votes were counted you could try here and it was obvious that some of the decisions announced were not according to the actual vote. the higher in the organization see our website, the less it mattered. it wasn’t a great leap to make the connection that the powers that be have things pretty well sewn up long before the national conventions. it’s all theatre.learn more info at billigastemobilabonnemang.nu
long before the vote in the 2000 election, the big boys were losing me. i was appalled that nader and the other presidential candidates were not allowed to participate in the debates. if your name is on the ballot, you should be allowed to challenge the other candidates. that’s the most basic behavior in a democracy, and i was stunned when it was limited to the usual players. imagine what nader’s percentage of the vote might have been if he had been allowed to challenge george and al up front!
the election that followed was a nightmare. the democratic candidate i had worked so hard to promote suddenly started sounding suspiciously like a – dare i say it – republican! gore started attacking hollywood for violence and sex in movies. when did democrats start championing censorship? weren’t we supposed to be the party that defends all civil rights, including free speech? he never brought clinton into the campaign at all, even though we were experiencing the greatest economic boom in history. he seemed embarrassed of clinton’s sex scandal, which never concerned me in the least. weren’t we supposed to be enlightened liberals? weren’t we more concerned with jobs and equality and helping the poor than what consenting adults do behind closed doors?, read more.
then the election itself was a debacle, and gore didn’t have the killer instinct to stand up to a dynasty of crooks. he never challenged the voting irregularities in florida. don’t we get upset anymore when blacks and immigrants are systematically disenfranchised? not only did al miss it, but the media didn’t seem to care either. finally the supreme court, in the greatest act of cynicism – and possibly treason – since the warren commission, galore tube stops the re-count! isn’t the whole idea of democracy to vote and be counted?
so i started looking for answers. i contacted the libertarians, the democrats and the green parties to see what they had to offer. i still have that feeling that if you don’t vote for one of the big 2, you’re wasting your vote, but i also know that that kind of thinking won’t support change in our society. i still believe in government of the people, by the people and for the people. anyway, my first act was a heartfelt letter to tom daschle, pleading for some reassurance that the democrats still represent progressive idals. no response. fine.
the libertarians have some interesting ideas. they believe in personal responsibility. i … 
read more








hail dionysus, hail gale 




posted on may 27, 2020april 21, 2021 by helmighippen 





there’s a new sheriff in town. well, not really but there’s definitely a new obsession. queer as folk, showtime’s ground-breaking series depicting a slice of modern gay life, has unwittingly created a new icon of american culture. as brian kinney–the baddest boy on cable tv– actor gale harold has become a phenomenon on the internet. no one expected the cross-over appeal of the show. the creators of the show knew that it would be popular with gay men, but they never expected the tremendous appeal the show has for straight women. they didn’t count on dionysus.
we may be living in modern times, but some of the ancient practices are with us whether we know it or not. one practice that reaches us on the most archetypal level is the worship of dionysus. once practiced by women in ancient greece and rome, revelers would run through the hills drinking, partying and eventually tearing an animal to bits all in the name of the god of wine and orgiastic revelry. sounds a bit extreme to us in the 21st century, but this ritual is unconsciously mimicked in every rock concert and many dramatic venues. the dionysian element of fame was not lost on jim morrison, who consciously ilmaistapornoa.net acted it out in most aspects of his life, including an early death. (i’m of the opinion that his death was staged, though i doubt he’s still alive at this late date.)
the essence of dionysus is irrisistibility. his appeal manifests in the obsessive, uncontrolled behavior exhibited such as the reaction of girls at a beatles concert. he is the eternal youth, always young, always beautiful, notoriously unfaithful even to aphrodite, the goddess of love. one current example is aerosmith’s steven tyler, possibly the most sex-obsessed man since lord byron. he lives and breathes it, even sings about it in some of the most popular songs ever written. he’s not alone. every boy band, every bad boy actor from james dean to ben affleck, every guy who ever learned to play guitar to get chicks owes his appeal to the dionysian element of his personae. from elvis to ‘nsync, dionysus will not be denied.enter gale.
when cowen and lipman put the show together, they were focused on the novelty of it’s subject matter. apparently, harold was cast at almost the last minute and based on interviews i’ve read, was the only actor they really considered a contender for the role of brian kinney. brian had to be beautiful, cold, and self-possessed. he represents the best and worst of gay male stereotypes – a sexual carnivore in an armani suit, with no shame and no remorse. his physical and intellectual attributes had to be equally brilliant – he’s in control everywhere, bedroom, board room, dance floor, ad. agency, hanging with the boys or holding his baby son. harold portrays all of these qualities admirably.
described by camille paglia as a “swashbuckling bitch-king stud” with “both … intoxicating arrogance and … flawless greek profile”1, gale harold is simply stunning. his acting is subtle and intense, portraying a raw sensuality mixed with absolute sophistication. his character’s key conflicts go to the heart of the dionysian mythos. the beauty aspect is obvious, but the real key is his fear of losing that beauty. brian is 29-30 years old and worried that he won’t always be the hottest thing on the ave. rather than playing this with any sort of insecurity, gale gives the character an angry edge that makes him more attractive. one of the characters in the show even expresses the idea that he “will always be young and [he] will always be beautiful.” as dionysus, we demand nothing less of him, and we expect nothing more than complete service to his own appetites. he lives our fantasies. at one point, he drives a jeep through the window of a car dealership because … 
read more








making a hero out of gale harold 




posted on may 27, 2020september 13, 2021 by helmighippen 





i love the very concept of rage: what he stands for as well as the fact that he’s drawn after the most beautiful man in the world,
 gale harold .
i wish someone would interview gale and tell us what he thinks of being drawn as a super hero. same for randy harrison and hal sparks, who are jt and zephyr in the comic book version of qaf. i’m sure that if gale has even thought about it, he’s a little embarrassed by it. i think it’s the coolest thing in the world. it’s natural for fans to deify their ilmaistaporno.com idols. turning an idol into a super hero is such a natural progression, that i can’t believe it hasn’t been done before. (o.k., there was a cartoon in the 70’s that turned rick springfield into a super hero, but that was a kid’s show and this is a drama, so as far as i’m concerned, it doesn’t count.) sucuri vs wordfence: which is worth your money? (2021). check revenue share program for adult.

does cowlip know what they’ve created? will they actually produce at least one issue of a comic from the art work they’ve featured on the show? a lot of us wish they would. read this awesome blog post on how to find casino slots. time will tell.…			
read more








why i love queer as folk, part ii 




posted on may 27, 2020november 10, 2021 by helmighippen 





full frontal friends with better-looking, more talented actors and infinitely cooler storylines. that’s the best description i’ve come up with so far for queer as folk. i know it’s a drama – i’ll come back to that later- but in terms of the elements that make the show attractive, i think friends is the closest you’re going to get on network tv.
the ensemble cast is the obvious comparison, but it comes from more than just one or two principle actors. we feel that the characters on qaf really care about each other. we care about the characters. most importantly, they’re people we’d like to hang out with in real life. i’ve known several ted schmidt’s over the years, and i loved them all dearly. emmett would be the first person you’d invite to a party. it’s not hard to picture having dinner at melanie and lindsey’s place, or even volunteering to watch baby gus. there has been a cute little michael type in every comic book store i’ve ever been in – and i’ve been in quite a few. i remember a few ben’s in college. we’re as in love with the elegant mr. kinney as the rest of the pittsburgh gang is, and justin… hell, i don’t want to hang with justin, i want to be justin, but that’s beside the point . the point is that they’re likeable, in a completely charming and familiar way. (i actually have sort of been debbie, although my “boys” were musicians – but that’s another story.)
qaf has some notable advantages over friends. the story lines are intense and compelling, and more than one has created television history. obviously, there’s the nudity.we’re treated to grapic sex scenes by some truly beautiful men and women on qaf. i love the cast of friends, but i’ve never wanted to see any of them nude. once you get past their looks, you’ve got great actors and actresses. qaf has the distinction of having the arguably the most talented ensemble ever assembled. emmy or no emmy, i don’t think we’ll see jennifer aniston giving qaf-level performances any time soon.

and speaking of the emmys, i’m fed up with qaf getting passed over for every award out there. i’ll concede that the writing had a few ups and downs last season, but the cast was rock-solid. on his best day, martin sheen never had the range we saw gale harold display in the last 3 episodes of season 2. i make the comparison because the west wing is my second favorite drama. i’ve always loved martin sheen and i thought he richly deserved some of those emmys and golden globes. let’s look at the end of season 2. remember when brian confronted justin after the bowling game, when he found out about ethan? ever seen martin sheen pull off a scene like that? we were terrified, shocked and totally turned on as we watched brian’s “attack”.
then there’s the scene done without words, when justin comes back to the loft after fighting with ethan. our hearts broke waching the tears in their eyes. remember that shit-eating grin on brian’s face when justin found him at the diner with ethan ? j.r. ewing would have been proud of such wicked self-satisfaction. and, yes, i’ll admit i’m more than a little biased when it comes to gale, but have you ever seen an actor dead or alive say more with his eyes? have you ever seen anyone cover a range of varied emotions the way gale does without using words or gestures? he can tell a complete story with a look. he can also do comedy – remember “officer, i’d be glad to drive these two gentlemen home.” as he falls out of the jeep with a bottle of jack daniels in hand? we still laugh about that. gale doesn’t care about awards, and he’s still a … 
read more








why i love queer as folk, part i 




posted on may 27, 2020october 13, 2021 by helmighippen 





why would a woman be interested in a show about a bunch of gay friends in pittsburgh? well, if the engaging characters and intense storylines aren’t enough for you – and they certainly rival any ever presented in tv or film – then the cast certainly will. queer as folk may be about gay characters, but those characters are played by some of the most beautiful actors and actresses, both gay and straight, that you’ve ever seen.
in addition to the magnificent mr. harold, we have hal sparks and scott lowell who are also straight and gorgeous. robert gant has not disclosed his preference, but he’s so good looking it doesn’t matter – everyone loves him. randy harrison and peter paige are openly gay hott-adult-comics.com, but that hasn’t discouraged their throngs of female fans. after all, girls love gay boys.
last, but not least, we have thea and michelle. both are straight women playing lesbian characters. if, as a woman, you don’t find these two attractive, you can rest assured that you are most certainly straight . it hasn’t escaped our attention that thea is the greek word for “goddess” and she couldn’t be more aptly named. michelle is both tough and tender as the more “butch” of the pittsburgh gang’s newly married couple visit livecasino monster free spins.
the real strength of the cast is not their attractiveness. it’s their talent. in the first two seasons of queer as folk, we’ve been treated to some of the finest acting performances imaginable. if you haven’t see the show, porn ifşa tune it in lire la suite, rent the tapes or buy the dvd. you owe it to yourself to experience the new era in television programing – an era that shows a side of life never seen before with style, with grace and with pride.… 
read more




1
2
next







search for:



morgaine also contributes to: blogcritics.org
blog sisters
we have brains
real women online
women writers: a zine
sinister girls
what she said!
 

about me   name:morgaine swannlocation:eastern, kentucky, united states
 
pro-witch/woman/gay/bill of rights.
i advocate women’s autonomy (abortion), equal pay, holistic medicine, clean air, clean water, organic farming, sustainable resources, care for the disabled/mentally ill, caring for our children with pure foods, free education, universal health care, equal opportunity, making them loved, wanted, sheltered, protected from violence and poverty. i don’t suffer fools or fascists gladly.
the political blogosphere needs pagan voices. having a jew, christian and muslim on a panel is not religious diversity- they are all patriarchal. the goddess movement is back after 5,000 years of an unnatural social order. we won’t let the mainstream marginalize us. we expect to be counted. i’m a witch, with a capital w-please, don’t use it when you mean to say “bitch”.
me: pansexual, bipolar poet-painter-priestess.
jobs: writer, psychic, music/literary critic, author, teacher, counselor, concert promoter, managed rock bands, published a fan magazine,ceo, retired fed.
politics: revolutionary (progressive just doesn’t seem extreme enough this far left) .
ministry: right here. questions? i’m happy to help.
view my complete profile

feminism adiosbarbie.com
axis of eve
bitch
bitter-girl.com
blue witch
bush v choice
dagoddess
des femmes: absolutely shameful, squared
feline fatale ~ a sexy, feminist, rag
feminist majority
feminista!
feministe
feministing.com
feministing.com
girlydyke
guerrilla girls:
margaret cho’s blog
matrifocus
ms. magazine online
ms. musings
muff
national organization for women
pinko feminist hellcat
promatriarchy.net
scholar & feminist online
sinister girls
soapboxgirls
some grrrls…
tales from a swing state
team cho blog
the prophet lilith
the well-timed period
trish wilson’s blog
victoria is a
left wing liberal commie agitator
wicked thoughts
womenwatch
women’s enews
worshipping at the altar of mediocrity…
xx
 

activism  the hunger site
 v-day: until the violence stops
americans united for the
separation of church and state
amnesty international
breaking ranks – home
codepink
fire rumsfeld
first amendment center
greenpeace
international a.n.s.w.e.r.
(act now to stop war & end racism!)
national coalition against censorship
not in our name
pagan unity campaign
people for the american way
reclaim democracy!
revoke corporate corruption of american democracy
the american civil liberties union
truemajority
v-day: 1% campaign
 



recent posts


how fuck buddy sites are giving women sexual empowerment


why women are embracing the term “thots” through sex positivity


how sugar dating sites like secretbenefits are empowering women


the glorious gestalt of gale harold


gwyneth


 https://oakparkfinancial.com/








archives

september 2022
august 2021
may 2020

categories

blogging ethics

essays

f buddy usa

men nature

mypoetry


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 


		©2025 the goddess
			

			 | design by superb

















