





peru explorer - custom tours travel tourism information









































































 







 

 

	home
 
 






 toggle navigation



peru travel packages 

peru 2025 tours and vacation packages
cusco & machu picchu tours
inca trail tours
titicaca lake tour
arequipa tours
lima tours
rainforest tour


travel info 

essential peru travel tips & tricks
machu picchu travel information
food and restaurants
peru maps
all articles


get your free itinerary
things to do 

top activities
hidden gems
best of peru
getting around
tips tricks
adventure travel & outdoor activities


destinations 

amazon
arequipa & colca canyon
cusco
lake titicaca
lima
machu picchu
nasca lines & paracas
northern peru
sacred valley


accommodations
facts 

machu picchu facts


faq 

peru faq 2025: essential travel guide & tips




search for:



 










peru explorer
comfort, value, service presented by kim macquarrie, four-time emmy-winning

get your free itinerary 




 









discover peru 

travel informationdiscover the best ways to navigate peru’s diverse landscapes. from buses to trains, find insider tips for getting around this stunning south american gemtop activitiesdiscover peru’s top attractions, from ancient ruins to vibrant neighborhoods. explore peru and immerse yourself in its rich history, culture, and cuisine.hidden gemsuncover peru’s hidden treasures beyond machu picchu. explore off-the-beaten-path destinations in peru for authentic experiences and breathtaking landscapes. adventure awaits!2025 tours and vacation packagesexperience unforgettable best peru tours and vacation packages for 2025 with expert guides. explore machu picchu, sacred valley, cusco & amazon rainforest, titicaca lake and beyond 





peru is the third largest country of south america, is it is located at the central pacific cost, it limits with bolivia, brazil, and chile to the east and south, and colombia and ecuador to the north. the machupicchu archeological complex is located in the department of cusco, in the urubamba province and district of machupicchu. lima, the capital city well known as “the city of kings” is situated on the central coast and it is a beautiful town of interest due to their architectural and colonial structures that you may appreciate in different points of the city. peru explorer kindly welcomes you and invites you to get familiar with the following tour packages and additional travel services that are presented by peru for less, the leading tour company for travelling in peru. experience the best of peru with a travel package tailored just how you want it. please get started by filling out our contact form and tell us more about your trip preferences, and our peru for less team will be in touch soon to guide you through the entire trip planning process from start to finish. customize your itinerary one-on-one with a travel advisor and have their expertise about all things peru at your disposal to craft a vacation you’ll never forget. enjoy a personalized travel package that includes comfortable hotels, private or small-group guided tours, transportation, and friendly, professional service.
























see all peru travel packages







 






latest articles 


 



 


ecotourism 


								sustainable tourism in the sacred valley: travel guide							

discover how to practice sustainable tourism in the sacred valley while exploring ancient incan sites, supporting local communities, and minimizing your environmental impact in peru







 


backpacking 


								exploring machu picchu on a budget: travel guide							

discover insider tips for exploring machu picchu on a budget. learn about affordable transportation, accommodations, and entry fees to experience this ancient incan wonder without breaking the bank







 


culture 


								cultural experiences in peru: a complete travel guide							

discover the answer to "what kind of cultural experiences can i expect in peru?" from ancient inca traditions to vibrant festivals, explore peru's rich heritage



 








peru explorerby peru for less

presented by kim macquarrie, four-time emmy winner

“we sell virtually all services available inperu, galapagos, brazil, argentina, chile and bolivia”

contact usfree trip planner

follow us
 


copyright © 2025 peru explorer
hestia | developed by themeisle 


































































