









welcome to the society of happy people 2024 | sohp.com












































 





















coaching
support sohp
speaker
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 












learn more











welcome to the society of happy people’s home on the web!
thank you for visiting.

i’m pamela gail johnson, founder of the society of happy people, cpc (certified professional coach), speaker, and author of practical happiness: four principles to improve your life.
i believe my mission on earth and purpose in life is to make the world a happier place. and that starts with helping people feel happier one person at a time.

















way back in 1997, i wondered where all of the happy people hung out. it was the height of the self-help movement so there was a lot of focus on what you didn’t like about your life.
after the encouragement of friends and strangers in 1998 i started the secret society of happy people to give mostly happy people their own tribe.
after 20 years, and hundreds, maybe thousands, of interviews we dropped the “secret” because we really weren’t a secret anymore. now, we’re simply the society of happy people…
and, our goals are still the same…
 
help people recognize more happiness…
celebrate more happiness with our three international holidays…

happiness happens day
happiness happens month
hunt for happiness week

and of course, learn the secret membership code – we still have to have a little fun, right?

the full story







 we’re celebrating the 25th anniversary of happiness happens day august 8 2024!! join us!! 











if your organization, company, or event is looking for an infusion of happiness, check out my speaker programs .
if you want to be more than just happy, check out my book “practical happiness” or my coaching programs.











start being a little happier right now!!
become a sohp vhp!
sign up for exclusive content, emails & things pamela doesn’t share anywhere else.
 everyone just loves it! i know you will too!





success! be sure to check your inbox for a confirmation email from the society of happy  people! 



name



email





yes please!! 🙂
















please consider supporting our amazing sponsors







learn more





learn more





learn more



 

 






sohp infoabout sohp
about the founder
faqs
media
media pr kit
everything happy31 types of happiness
happiness perspective articles
happiness happens day & month
hunt for happiness week
#happinessunites tour
 



contact
privacy policy
terms of service
 






facebook




instagram




rss


copyright © 1998 - 2024 /// the society of happy people 

























how did you hear about us


referred by a friend


social media


internet search


magazine radio or tv




sign me up! :)






your goodies are on the way! check for a confirmation email and click the link in the email so that we can send your happy goodies to you right away! so excited to have you join us!! 






















i want to find a happier me :)






check for a confirmation email! 
rest assured! your information is 100% safe with us!























i want the sohp weekly :)






you have successfully subscribed!
rest assured! your information is 100% safe with us! we ask for your name so that we can be polite when we email you :)




 





 





























