








sempstress - costume and pattern geekery


















































 





press "enter" to skip to content




sempstress costume and pattern geekery 

open menu

mobile menu toggle button









 




home
about
gallery
for my students
patterns, ebooks & such…







sempstress posts






downloads

published february 8, 2021 by missa 

hi hi – quick maintenance post.  the downloads page is working again.  so …. download to your heart’s content!  (there’s still a $0 price option…
continue readingdownloads


5 comments 







no humble; all brag

published may 20, 2020 by missa 

the nice folks at threads magazine let me write an incredibly nerdy article on the flounces and what happens when they’re not all circles. (yes,…
continue readingno humble; all brag


3 comments 







hey, baby…

published may 10, 2020 by missa 

hey little baby singer! how have you been all this time? i guess this is where it all started. mom taught me how to sew…
continue readinghey, baby…


8 comments 







sale!  (kinda)

published may 6, 2020 by missa 

all of the products on this site now have a free download option. that’s been in place for a couple weeks, and some people have…
continue readingsale!  (kinda)


1 comment 







i feel so cool!!!!

published october 25, 2019 by missa 

my boss just pointed out that a q&a piece i wrote is sitting pretty on the front page of the threads site! :)


leave a comment 




how to rehem pants 


how to rehem pants

published march 26, 2019 by missa 

so here’s the thing about sewing: eventually, people will figure out that you do it.  and then they will have questions…  uncomfortable questions.  questions like:…
continue readinghow to rehem pants


11 comments 




this life…  it keeps lifing. 


this life…  it keeps lifing.

published march 18, 2019 by missa 

things have been changing at chez sempstress. well, you win some, you lose some.  last fall i promised mom she could park in the garage…
continue readingthis life…  it keeps lifing.


7 comments 




how to not get tangled threads on the back of your embroidery 


how to not get tangled threads on the back of your embroidery

published september 11, 2018 by missa 

most fun thing to ever happen to embroidery: that rat’s nest of tangly-tangly threads on the back of your work that manage to ensnare your…
continue readinghow to not get tangled threads on the back of your embroidery


leave a comment 




a few cutting remarks 


a few cutting remarks

published september 11, 2018 by missa 

scissors don’t come with directions.  much like a screwdriver (the mechanical kind), they are supposedly a tool so simple that you should just look at…
continue readinga few cutting remarks


4 comments 




how (not to) make a carmen miranda hat/costume thing 


how (not to) make a carmen miranda hat/costume thing

published november 1, 2017 by missa 

so my sister has a halloween party every year.  every year there is a theme.  this year’s theme was “hollywood is dead.”  the dress code,…
continue readinghow (not to) make a carmen miranda hat/costume thing


15 comments 


 

sidebar
find the things

search





recent posts


downloads


no humble; all brag


hey, baby…


sale!  (kinda)


i feel so cool!!!!


recent commentsmissa on missa’s sense-making mathless draftmissa on pulling a threadmissa on skirting the issue: how to draft skirt patternsmissa on more shape matters: why the same waist curve doesn’t work for every bodymissa on missa’s sense-making mathless draft 







period wordpress theme by compete themes.        








						sempstress					


proudly powered by wordpress theme: period child.				



















