



  


ultra premium domain names - sales & purchasing brokerage | by ultrapremiums









































schedule time •   
					results@ultrapremiums.com





 domain brokerage
					






















									services 


buy your ultra premium domain
sell your ultra premium domain




									featured domains  
								



									financing  
								



									contact
								


















mealstoyou.com
 ultra premium domain for sale 

						own the exclusive domain that will bring growth and strategic direction to your company.

					



 purchasing options 

						for customers ready to purchase upfront, we offer secure transactions via escrow.com, who will fully guide the escrow and domain transfer process as a 3rd-party company.
						
					  for companies with large plans and making big progress, options are available including financing and "exit clause" agreements for very minimal percentages, especially when the goal is to be aquired by a larger company.

					

					in most cases, at a cost similar to the salary of 1-2 employees, you can skyrocket the growth of your company by making the right decision to have the very best version of your brand name as your domain.  take a look at our case studies below to see how teamwork changed the entire trajectory of their company by purchasing the right domain for their brand.  settling for a poor domain is a red flag that tells your investors and customers that you went "the cheap route", disregarding your brand and the trust that your customers and investors were depending upon.

				

note: all domains on ultrapremiums are in the 7 figure range or above.











how do your investors/customers feel about your current domain?











investors & customers notice
even if a business owner pretends their current domain is "okay", their investors and customers are noticing.  it is a deciding factor on whether investors trust their business, and whether customers (especially enterprise customers) will trust doing business with that company.
watch this short video clip to see how others view a business that chooses not to go with the best possible domain for their brand.

			







				is your business on a rocket?
			

			the founder of teamwork confirms below that since buying their ultra premium domain (teamwork.com), their business has been "on a rocket".   peter describes below how buying their domain was their "hockey stick event".

		

			what is a hockey stick event?
		

		as shown in the diagram below, a hockey stick event is when a company's revenue goes from being relatively flat and stagnant, to having a period of explosive growth.
		




		could your business use a hockey stick event?
	

	watch the video below where teamwork founder peter coppinger details how the purchase of his ultra premium domain was their hockey stick event.  it started a dramatic explosion in his company's growth.  peter describes that since buying their domain, "the company has been on a rocket".




what will an ultra premium domain increase?

revenue & profits
via all the benefits combined below, buying the right ultra premium domain will lead to increased revenue for your company.  you can see teamwork.com's assessment of what a domain upgrade did for them.
it makes all aspects of the business more efficient.  seo is more efficient.  you'll have more trust so getting customers is going to be more efficient.  partnering with larger companies will be more probable as well.


trust
every customer and investor starts out with knowing nothing about your business.  owning an ultra premium domain gives you instant credibility and instills more trust in the buyer or investor about your company.  why not start every relationship with the very best first impression you can give?


seo effectiveness
be found easier with less effort on search engines by having the very best version of the domain for your brand.


brand recognition
be the version of your brand that customers and investors find on the web and get the version of your domain that is the easiest to remember.. it's been shown that companies that purchase the wrong domain can lose 50% or more of their web traffic because customers and investors are going to the wrong address.  starting off with an ultra premium domain gives you instant recognition for your brand.


brand protection
protect your brand from getting diluted in the market.  purchasing the ultra premium version of your domain will keep you at the top forever.  the last thing you want are customers typing in your brand name and being taken to someone else who bought your ultra premium domain.


brand flexibility
many companies grow into other industries as time goes on.  getting an ultra premium domain usually means you are getting a domain that can be applied to a broader market than what is implied when adding a word to the end or using an extension that is for a more specific industry.


email security
protect your email.  by not having the best version of the domain for your brand, you risk customers sending email to the better domain, rather than to the correct email addresses within your company.  often times recipients are not aware that a company has an extra word or is using an abstract extension with their domain.


image as a market leader
instantly gain the appearance as a being a market leader by purchasing the ultra premium domain for your brand.  most customers are going to see your brand for the first time in a search engine.  by giving the appearance that you are a market leader, you are already starting out ahead of the competition.





let's get started.
schedule some time with us below and let's get things started, or send us a message and we'll get back to you.




schedule time








...or send us a message



  				drop us an email


results@ultrapremiums.com





×
thank you! your message successfully sent!
      



×
failed! please complete all mandatory (*) fields!
      













copyright © ultrapremiums.com  
back to top 









contact



									san antonio, texas
									united states of america


schedule time


									results@ultrapremiums.com
								













featured domains

edgeless.com


undie.com


uncluttered.com


 

more featured domains 

































