





center for scientific creation – in the beginning: compelling evidence for creation and the flood
































skip to content






center for scientific creation

in the beginning: compelling evidence for creation and the flood





home
online book
 







 











this greatly expanded new edition—comprehensive, understandable, and meticulously documented—will give insights to readers of all backgrounds. in the beginning: compelling evidence for creation and the flood takes a different look at a currently hot topic. evidence that could revolutionize our understanding of origins is carefully explained. you will be challenged to consider fresh ideas in this age-old debate.
part i of in the beginning discusses, in quick overview, 131 categories of evidence from biology, astronomy, and the physical and earth sciences. more technical discussions and documentation are found in the author’s extensive endnotes.
does the scientific evidence support evolution or creation?

what insights do genetics and the fossil record provide?
how old is the earth? what dating techniques indicate a young earth?
what discoveries in outer space relate to our beginnings?
does noah’s ark exist? what is the cia’s “ararat anomaly”?

part ii describes the hydroplate theory, developed during more than 35 years of study by dr. walt brown, a former evolutionist. this theory explains a catastrophic event in earth’s history and solves a host of recognized problems. for decades, evolutionists complained that creationists only criticized evolution and did not offer sound scientific theories of their own. the hydroplate theory ends that complaint and explains, with overwhelming evidence, earth’s defining geological event—a worldwide flood.

if there was a global flood, where did the water come from? where did it go?
what were the powerful fountains of the great deep?
how was the grand canyon carved in weeks after a post-flood lake (grand lake) breached?
what evidence shows that the material in comets, asteroids, and meteoroids came from earth?
what suddenly froze and buried the mammoths?  how could they have survived the 6-month winter nights inside the arctic circle?
how did mountains ranges, volcanoes, submarine canyons, coal and oil deposits, and deep ocean trenches form?
what processes sorted fossils and produced layered strata?

thirty-nine other frequently asked questions fill a fascinating part iii, including:

is global warming occurring? if so, what causes it?
have scientific tools detected traces of adam and eve within us?
is evolution compatible with the bible?
how accurate is radiocarbon dating?
what about the dinosaurs?
how can the study of creation be scientific?
is there life in outer space?
galaxies are billions of light-years away, so isn’t the universe billions of years old?
what hydroplate predictions have been confirmed?






online book







copyright © 2025 center for scientific creation. all rights reserved.theme: ample by themegrill. powered by wordpress. 











