









mt. olive pickles | pickle recipes, shop pickle products, & more!
















































































skip to content









 















menu


shop

gift packs
shop online


about

news
faq
types of pickles
pickle drop
our giving

make-a-wish foundation
nwba partnership




products

new products
bread and butter pickles
dill pickles
kosher dill pickles
majestic
gherkin pickles
peppers and specialty products
pickle juicers
portable pickles
relishes and salad cubes
specialty pickles
sour pickles
spicy pickles
sweet pickles


majestic

about majestic
majestic products
majestic website
majestic moments giveaway


recipes

submit a pickle recipe
appetizers
beverages
bread
dessert
dips and salsas
main dishes
sandwiches
side dishes
snacks
soups


careers
contact us

general contact
product feedback
join our email list



















































































 

 
 

















mt. olive pickles
back in 1926, local business leaders established the mt. olive pickle company to create a new market for area farmers. they chose to name it for their small hometown of mount olive, located in rural eastern north carolina. today, nearly 100 years later, mt. olive is the #1 best-selling brand of pickles, peppers and relishes in the u.s. 
what is the secret to mt. olive’s success? we are committed to producing a quality product, providing great customer service, being a progressive employer, and engaging in our community. our people are our single best ingredient: they work hard to make great products that carry our hometown’s name to grocery shelves all over america. we also have enthusiastic, loyal pickle fans who enjoy our products and share their love of pickles with their families and friends.



















picklicious
recipes







browse pickle recipes  and share your own!










pickle lover
gift shop







shop our pickle gift packs online










pickle
locator







find our pickles in a store near you




















over the years, we expanded our product line to appeal to a broad variety of consumer preferences and needs. we offer a wide range of options, including sea salt pickles, sweet pickles, organic pickles, reduced sodium pickles, sour pickles, no sugar-added pickles, and spicy pickle varieties.






























kosher dill pickles




















sweet gherkins




















bread and butter pickles












find a store












other pickled products we offer include:

peppers
pickle relish 
salad cubes
pickle juice
pickle gift packs and pickle-oriented gifts

while making dill-licious pickles is certainly in our dna, we know our fans enjoy adding their favorite mt. olive pickle, pepper and relish items to awesome recipes! that's why we've dedicated a whole section of our website to share some of the best pickle recipes you’ll find. it’s also where you can submit your own pickle-licious creation - whether it’s an appetizer, entree, side, or something else! in terms of fun, our beloved mascot ollie q. cumber has his own dedicated space on our mt. olive pickles website. there you'll find pickle-themed arts and crafts, games, activities and more!
can’t find your favorite pickle locally? use our online pickle locator to make sure you haven’t missed a store near you. and, don't forget to stop by our mt. olive pickle shop before leaving our site. it's an excellent place to find your favorite mt. olive pickle products or pickle gear. all of our products in our mt. olive pickle online store arrive within a few short days. if you’re in our hometown of mount olive, nc, feel free to stop by in person at our gift shop located at the corner of cucumber & vine. (yep, it’s a real place!)
need convincing about how delicious our mt. olive pickles are? check out what customers have to say about our pickle, gherkins, relish, salsa, peppers, and many other products. you'll quickly realize why mt. olive pickles is the favorite pickle brand in the u.s.











featured products


















jalapeno slices
jalapeno slicesaverage rating:   31 reviewsmarco polooct 18, 2023 by marco poloi love pickled jalapenos. they are a staple in my fridge and on my food for decades. these mount olive jalapeños are nice and spicy and have some crisp to them. most brands you buy are overcooked and soft and this means less flavor and less spice. i try to only buy the mount olive variety now. great job guys!

read more





















kosher dill sliders
jalapeno slicesaverage rating:   31 reviewsmarco polooct 18, 2023 by marco polo on jalapeno slicesi love pickled jalapenos. they are a staple in my fridge and on my food for decades. these mount olive jalapeños are nice and spicy and have some crisp to them. most brands you buy are overcooked and soft and this means less flavor and less spice. i try to only buy the mount olive variety now. great job guys!

read more





















resealable pickle pouch – munchies kosher petite dills
resealable pickle pouch - munchies kosher petite dillsaverage rating:   8 reviewslindasep 14, 2022 by lindathese basically saved us during a backpacking trip this last weekend. you might have a little extra weight in your pack because of it but it is completely worth it. i’m so grateful that i found these and brought them on the trip because it helped us. i will definitely be buying more for our next trip!

read more




















sweetheat bread & butter chips
sweetheat bread & butter chipsaverage rating:   54 reviewsann adec 4, 2024 by ann athese pickles could have been great, except they taste like maple sugar. i so dislike maple sugar flavoring (i assume it's part of natural flavoring) wont buy again. would be nice to know before buying...

read more























dillicious recipes for you to try!





















 

 



football cheeseburger quesadillas


view more






 

 



pickle pulled pork nachos


view more






 

 



pepperoncini wings


view more






 

 



pickle pepperoni cheeseball


view more

















view more recipes




















what customers say about our pickles













"no more vlassics in my fridge, as a pickle lover i assure you they have the best product in stores! i love them, not just pickles all of their products are amazing!" 

"thank you for your simply pickles line of products my wife brought some home and i instantly noted the positive difference from other pickles in the fridge. thank you for deciding to leave out the yellow 5."


"the best pickle in america, hands down. from bread and butter to jalapeño, you can’t go wrong with the consistent quality that mt. olive is able to provide. they were a staple of my house as a child, and i am now raising my own children on them. hands down, mt. olive is where it’s at if you’re a pickle or pepper fan!"


























send a pickle gift pack today







shop now




















mt. olive in your store






















































































 


















find a store near you







the mt. olive pickle company gift shop is open to the general public. visit us anytime monday through friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.









 















general contact
faq
join our email list
concerns & product feedback
our address
shipping/billing policy
privacy policy
terms of use
terms and conditions
cms transparency data
 








join our mailing list



enter email:

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ


click your desired location below for driving directions 
main plant & gift shop:
one cucumber blvd, mt olive, nc 28365
distribution center:
1301 nw center st, mt olive, nc 28365
truck check-in:
103 pickle road, mt olive, nc 28365


 
mt. olive pickle company, inc.
p.o. box 609, mount olive, nc 28365
consumer relations number:
1-800-672-5041

 facebook instagramtwitter

 





© 2024 mt olive pickles. all rights reserved. |  website development and seo by get you found digital marketing 




scroll to top











































