

















my fine equine & friends holistic natural vitamin and mineral supplements for horse, dog, cat & people too! abc plus, equine-zyme






 
my fine equine.com
   

  
your source for effective natural, holistic,
theraputic, complimentary and alternatives, nutritionals.
horse vitamins & supplements, pet vitamins & supplements, herbal, free choice minerals, homeopathic nosodes

serving the online community of horses, pets and owners since 1994.
abc products gmo-free & organic equine & wheat
free - horse vitamins, minerals products


quick take me to the shopping cart   to easily search for, and order products
 phone 509-761-9128 for free consultations.
click to subscribe to notices for sales & savings!        bookmark
my fine equine site   
cut back on your feed costs, by improving gut digestion and absorption!
more absorption = less feed = lower feed costs + healthier horse
keeping your horse healthy ** without having a degree in nutrition.
specials

please visit my new mfeblog. http://myfineequinecart.com/mfeblog/
 



abc plus on sale abc
plus!
 abc
plus fortified on sale abc plus fortified!


visit my new shopping cart   to search all our products


welcome, click on my smile to enter our web site!
"greetings friends!!!" 
wait
. . . . . you must see the big smile i have just for you. my gift to brighten your day! 
.
aah mai cimmaronn - quarab
my fine equine by
vickie g. stevens

natural holistic nutrition, theraputic, complimentary and alternatives 
for performance & pleasure horses, livestock, dogs, cats & people too!



 email me  your questions.
i offer free consultations.

the wind of heaven is that which blows between a horse's
ears.

vickie myfineequine's profile | create your badge


 my special feed mix 

quick take me to the shopping cart   to easily search for, and order
products







can u believe it! i'm a "daddy" again at 31! mhr
port dante (danny)
me at 16 on the left, and me at 30 on the right preparing
to met my new wife.
 
foaled 06-28-08 aah dantes ellaya (ellie mai)
 
day 5, taking a walk with grant. -- wheeeee it's recess time!


"ellie" first day home checking out her new
"run" with dad (she is liver chestnut!).
ellaya with dam summer (first day) imprint trained and used to her halter already.
look at that shiny silky hair coat, a great abc plus fortified result!


these are our equine rescues of 2007 that were headed
for the feed lot. 
thank you so much for purchasing from my fine equine.com 
your dollars are going for these great causes.
palomino paint stallion, unregistered (registered 2008), appendix qtr horse mare in foal again- registered, 3 offspring
unregistered
we are working on "fund raising" click here to see
how you can earn more to help more with equine and pet rescue efforts.
 3 prior years foals

 jazz foaled 06-24-09 
thank you for shopping with us.



all our abc plus cold pelleted products
are made with organic grains

what is the solution?
immunity is your key! to optimum health
support your animals' digestive system which
therefore supports his immune system. holistic and naturally! 

see our digestive supps - abc plus 
designed to increase absorption of nutrients
up to 300% for "all animals". the
digestive system feeds the immune system!
we now have
beta glucan for immune boosting!
reward your best friends with optimal health and
give them that "just born glow" of health no matter their age.

see our guidelines for achieving and improving quality of life 
for animals through holistic natural nutrition.

also see insect & parasite control for natural alternatives.

- homeopathic
immunization nosodes dogs, cats, horses /products
added april 05
visit my shopping cart   to search all our products
catagories left hand side and alphabetical scroll down


 

 
we ship worldwide. not australia, new zealand. limitedly to uk.

we wish for you and your's 
abundant optimal health & prosperity
thank you for visiting us! 
(we are an information site - be sure to put us in your favorites and visit often for new additions)



destiny is not a matter of chance,
it is a matter of choice;
it is not a thing to be waited for,
it is a thing to be achieved.
~william jenings bryan


quick take me to the shopping cart   to easily search for, and order products
catagories listed left side, alphabetical order
 email me with
your questions. free consultations.

use the navigation bar below to skip directly to a particular catalog.
















"if god brings you to it, he will bring you through it."

mfe supports the american humane assoc.
please make a donation to the american humane association today
http://www.americanhumane.org
read how they are helping and then if you can,
help the american humane association rescue and care

for the animals by making a donation today.
for donations made by mail, please send to: 
american humane association
63 inverness drive east
englewood, co 80112


mfe supports the aspca.org
for as little as $18 a month you can sponsor pets for adoption
http://aspca.org
be an aspca guardian - the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals
800-628-0028 or email guardians@aspca.org



hsus myspace page | stop puppy mills website




-what are we without the beasts? 
if all the beasts were gone, 
we would die from a great loneliness of spirit, 
for whatever happens to the beasts
also happens to us. 

all things are connected. 
whatever befalls the earth 
befalls the children of the earth.

chief seattle - suqwamish & duwamish 


when you change the way you look at things. the things you look at change.




we wish you and yours optimal health and optimal living. (naturally)
from our family of furry children to yours.

"if god brings you to it, he will bring you
through it."

if you are given an opportunity to "rescue" an animal, know that you are only given
that opportunity because the animal knows like the universe/god knows that
you can help and will help! "embrace" that animal.
the rewards are great! it's love! there are no coincidences.

"i have seen that once people experience intuitive communication with animals, their perception of the
world changes.
each animal on earth becomes an individual with the same qualities of sentience, emotion, and spirit that humans
have.
once you have really communicated with animals, it is impossible to go back to thinking of them as inferior or
limited.

"what is needed now is for many more people to take enlightened action on behalf of the animals and the earth."
an excerpt by marta williams from her book learning their language intuitive communication with animals and nature.
i highly recommend reading this book.


quick take me to the shopping cart   to easily search for, and order
products
catagories left hand side and alphabetical scroll down







scrub the web:


 

                                                                             


                 









