


accommodation in southern africa - sa - south africa accommodation













































           my favourites mobile site list your establishment testimonials       guests  free accommodation events & festivals guest login flights car hire weather forecast exchange rates popular destinations  south africa accommodation cape town accommodation camps bay accommodation stellenbosch accommodation knysna accommodation durban accommodation umhlanga accommodation margate accommodation bloemfontein accommodation pretoria / tshwane accommodation gariep dam accommodation colesberg accommodation bela bela accommodation kruger national park accommodation   room finder why book with sleeping-out    establishments  login  administrator login reservation login   free accommodation products and services why list with sleeping-out establishments for sale   news     

   map search google map search  tweet  








how can we accommodate you?
location

accommodation types


check-in

check-out

nights


guests



specials



price range and currency
min

max

currency


















popular destinations



cape town
610 establishments



durban
36 establishments



pretoria / tshwane
221 establishments



camps bay (24)
            

umhlanga (62)
            

gariep dam (11)
            


stellenbosch (95)
            

margate (11)
            

colesberg (16)
            


knysna (114)
            

bloemfontein (83)
            

bela bela (39)
            

 



featured establishment




latest accommodation




gracias dios garden cottage
ramsgate


from r695 * unit






dynasty red mountain ranch
clarens


from r1800 * unit






ocean breeze 42
warner beach


from r850 * unit



list your establishment




free accommodation winners






naledi biyase  won a booking to the value of r4000 at lilac lodge/purple house
i honestly can't believe it, but i am humbled by it. i was struggling to pay my fees at stadio, winning this amount would help me sort that out. it's a miracle that is all i can say right now. thank you so much for this
see all winners





latest articles

cape town: best city in the world for 2025!
find your perfect ocean escape this christmas with sleeping-out!
celebrate heritage day with a long weekend getaway!
celebrate women’s day with a relaxing getaway!
celebrate father’s day and youth day with an unforgettable long weekend getaway!
discover the charm of hermanus accommodation during whale watching season!
treat mom to a relaxing weekend getaway with sleeping-out!
experience the final days of summer with the galileo open air cinema
embrace the march movie magic at the galileo open air cinema!
easter friday fun with the galileo open air cinema


read more




provinces in south africa

eastern cape accommodation
free state accommodation
gauteng accommodation
kwazulu natal accommodation
limpopo accommodation
mpumalanga accommodation
north west accommodation
northern cape accommodation
western cape accommodation




upcoming events & festivals


stellenbosch street soirees
cape town cycle tour 2025
spier light art festival
dance nation africa
celebrate the season with festive late night shopping
eden on the bay festive night market
a summer dream returns to spier
christmas carols at steenberg

events & festivals




sleeping-out is south africa's leading accommodation booking platform with more than 9 000 verified accommodation listings to choose from. sleeping-out has become south africa's favourite go-to online booking site, processing more than 6000 bookings monthly via their integrated, user-friendly platform.


why book with us?

price
no commission: you pay no commission or booking fees when you book with sleeping-out. the quote you receive is the price you pay!
deal direct: sleeping-out puts you in direct contact with the accommodation provider. simply send through your specifications and they will respond to you with quotes and availability.
guaranteed lowest price: the majority of establishments on sleeping-out guarantee that their price on sleeping-out is the lowest available anywhere, and are prepared to refund you the difference should you be able to find their accommodation on any other directory at a lower rate. look for the "guaranteed lowest price" logo against accommodation listings!
free accommodation: participating establishments have a "free accommodation" banner. book at any one of these and stand a 1 in 10 chance of receiving your booking for free. click here to read more about the free accommodation program.
deposit guarantee

				concerned about paying establishments ahead of time? don't be! when you book with sleeping-out we underwrite your deposit up to the value of r10,000 (larger amounts by negotiation) so your deposit is always secure. if the establishment is unable to accommodate you for any reason, we will refund your deposit or find you alternative accommodation.
			
testimonials
click here to read testimonials from guests that have used sleeping-out.












  guest services  flights car hire weather forecast exchange rates guest book covid-19 update     company  free accommodation program why book with sleeping-out contact us dining-out     partners  intro to the program partners login    connect with us   facebook  twitter  youtube     list your establishment  no listing fee no credit card charges secure bookings no minimum booking fee read more     privacy policy copyright terms & conditions site map site search mobile site 















