



 



home - austin street center






























































 


















 









 

donate
volunteer
get help
what we do
our team
events
in the news
xela aroma
contact
 










 
















 











what we do

purpose
services
impact
partners
annual report


our team

leadership
careers
trustees


events
in the news
austin street home
contact
 









 

donate
volunteer
get help
 















inclement weather season
ways to help








make a difference
sign up to volunteer








austin street home
support our shelter with a purchase








uplifting people by transforming lives
see what we do
















every day, thousands of men and women in dallas find themselves without a home and with nowhere to turn. 



at austin street center, clients are not only provided emergency housing, but much needed hope for a plan and a path forward. serving as one of dallas’ largest homeless shelters for more than three decades, austin street center and its team of dedicated servant leaders transforms lives with innovative programs and individualized plans that #helpthemhome through permanent housing solutions. 






get help















 














get involved 



with the help of generous volunteers and donors, we are able to serve thousands of austin street center clients as they seek safe shelter in the short term and permanent housing in the long term. we are grateful for every dollar you give and every hour you dedicate to volunteering with us. the gifts of your time and financial resources give hope to so many and transform lives each day. the innovative, collaborative and comprehensive care that austin street center offers could not be achieved without you. let’s #helpthemhome together. 






donate now










volunteer opportunities















the austin street center
for community engagement 



homelessness in dallas continues to grow at an alarming rate, and austin street center is expanding our operations to meet critical needs through a new 60,000-square-foot, 24/7, client-focused homeless shelter and day service center. 






learn more












 












client stories 



 



here for the homeless 



hopeful 



 



at austin street center, every person who walks through our doors has a story just as unique as they are. 











 


lori and montiel’s stories



chiquita’s story



rudy’s story
































stay up to date by signing up for our newsletter. 











								email							





send

















 



1717 jeffries streetdallas, tx 75226 











p: (214) 428-4242f: (214) 428-8158 






facebook
 



instagram
 



twitter
 









linkedin
 



youtube
 



flickr
 










donatevolunteerget help 







what we do 



purposeservicesimpactpartners  







our team 



leadershipcareer opportunitiestrustees 







events 



no place like homenormathonhumble beginnings luncheon  







in the news 



announcementsclient storiescovid-19media coveragepress releases 











© 2021 austin street center | all rights reserved 


















 



stay up to date by signing up for our newsletter. 











								first name							




								last name							




								email address							





submit




































