






borderline personality disorder help



















































tara4bpd



home



about us
welcome
about us
advisory board
about valerie porr
people and places
in memoriam
what we've done



about bpd
bpd features based on research
what is bpd?
hypervigilance
how to read research articles
celebrities with bpd
bpd & other disorders
about marsha linehan
how bpd feels
borderline suicide
may and june webinars and workshops
bpd as public health crisis
new gallery



 family help
evidence based bpd treatment
overcoming bpd: a family guide for healing and change
the tara method
virtual family  empowerment workshops
virtual mentalization workshops
family workshop feedback
borderline suicide memorial wall
honoring mothers



get involved
join tara
volunteer at tara
take tara surveys
moms4bpd
finding treatment



resources
books to read
youtube & videos
treatment demonstration experts & families
borderliner notes
valerie porr interviewed
bpd in the media
upcoming conferences
latest research



 donate
donate
2024 new hope:  bpd study donate now
donate to bpd grassroots research



contact
contact info















home/
about us/welcomeabout usadvisory boardabout valerie porrpeople and placesin memoriamwhat we've done
about bpd/bpd features based on researchwhat is bpd?hypervigilancehow to read research articlescelebrities with bpdbpd & other disordersabout marsha linehanhow bpd feelsborderline suicidemay and june webinars and workshopsbpd as public health crisisnew gallery
 family help/evidence based bpd treatmentovercoming bpd: a family guide for healing and changethe tara methodvirtual family  empowerment workshopsvirtual mentalization workshopsfamily workshop feedbackborderline suicide memorial wallhonoring mothers
get involved/join taravolunteer at taratake tara surveysmoms4bpdfinding treatment
resources/books to readyoutube & videostreatment demonstration experts & familiesborderliner notesvalerie porr interviewedbpd in the mediaupcoming conferenceslatest research
 donate/donate2024 new hope:  bpd study donate nowdonate to bpd grassroots research
contact/contact info






















borderline personality disorder




home











home/
about us/welcomeabout usadvisory boardabout valerie porrpeople and placesin memoriamwhat we've done
about bpd/bpd features based on researchwhat is bpd?hypervigilancehow to read research articlescelebrities with bpdbpd & other disordersabout marsha linehanhow bpd feelsborderline suicidemay and june webinars and workshopsbpd as public health crisisnew gallery
 family help/evidence based bpd treatmentovercoming bpd: a family guide for healing and changethe tara methodvirtual family  empowerment workshopsvirtual mentalization workshopsfamily workshop feedbackborderline suicide memorial wallhonoring mothers
get involved/join taravolunteer at taratake tara surveysmoms4bpdfinding treatment
resources/books to readyoutube & videostreatment demonstration experts & familiesborderliner notesvalerie porr interviewedbpd in the mediaupcoming conferenceslatest research
 donate/donate2024 new hope:  bpd study donate nowdonate to bpd grassroots research
contact/contact info























                tara4bpd:  for 30+  years  standing up for people with borderline  personality disorder and their loved one’s














    learn more about tara bpd psychedlic study
  




    donate to tara4bpd
  













tara upcoming events: workshops & webinars



tara family empowerment workshopstarting january 8, 2025wednesdays 7pm 10 weeks













do you and your family need help managing a loved one struggling with chronic feelings of anxiety, anger, shame, and sadness? are you frightened and feeling powerless? would you like to understand why your loved one thinks, feels, and behaves the way he/she does? what to do in a crisis situations? learn to avoid triggering upsets, manage escalations, repair relationships.




    learn more
  




    register here
  



for questions regarding dates, registration, or fees                            email tara4bpd@gmail.com                         call  917-817-7620 or 646-233-6319  



family mentalization workshop    starting january 6, 2025 mondays  7pm   10 weeks 













attending a tara family empowerment workshopis a prerequisite for attending  family mentalization workshop. no exceptions!














    register here
  




    learn more
  



     international society for the study of personality disorderoslo, norway  2021              valerie porr     winner of the 2021 isspd                     perry hoffman    bpd community service award





 










      click to watch video














                        click to watch video














              read their stories



 








         see amazon reviews






    order book 
  



lifesaving book for families with a loved one with bpd/bpd traits. it’s transformed, not only how i now see bpd, but also how to effectively support loved ones with this disorder—giving hope to the entire family. also, the author offers workshops and webinars that are extremely helpful. don’t waste your time & money on other bpd books.”5.0 out of 5 stars an essential book for anyone with loved ones who struggle with this disorder.“prior to this book i had read several self-help books on the subject, but my particular relationship with my bpd loved one was only getting worse and worse. this book helped me to understand what she was going through and to approach her with compassion and empathy. it really worked! now i have a much better relationship with her and i believe this book saved us from total disaster. whereas other books preach boundaries and borders, this one helps the reader to understand that whatever they are going through, it's not their fault, nor the sufferers fault. the anger and abuse are not about us. once we learn to let it go over our heads and see the world through their eyes, it's much easier to cope. thank you for a wonderful guide to coping with this horrible affliction.”




    get help from tara
  




    click here to download tara bpd brochure
  











 

“







 


 














contact us                         tara4bpd                                                  email: tara4bpd@gmail.com23 greene st. #3                                             tel: (212) 966-6514                  ny, ny 10013                                                                                                     





 



