







home



































original yanks
















the original yanks drum and bugle corps

senior drum and bugle corps sponsored by american legion post 916 from antwerp ny2024 is our 68th season! practices start this year every sunday until may 5th at 6pm the antwerp american legion

parades history contact new members media

















the   original yanks drum and bugle corps   are a senior drum and bugle corps (street corps) based in antwerp, ny. the yanks are a mainstay of parades, festivals and concerts, with members from all over jefferson and st. lawrence counties in upstate ny. we are proud to be affiliated with the american legion. our signature civil war uniforms and patriotic music make a warm summer afternoon an unforgettable occasion.














we have openings in all sections! horn players, drumline, and colorguard. experience not necessary, all we need is you. we provide instruments and uniforms, and there is no cost to you to join or be a member.                  if you would like to join our organization, please check our contact page for more information.












news!








                            practices
our 67th season is starting and our first practice of the new season is sunday march 5th 2023 at 5pm at the antwerp american legion. . please contact us if you would like to be a member of nny's premier drum crops!   *we practice every sunday until mid-may.
                        










                            bookings

                            if you want to book the corps please do so as soon as possible - our weekends fill up quick - please see our contact page on how to contact us!
                        










                            social media

                            like us on facebook! we post practice and parade info, pics, videos and upcoming events!
                        











                    follow us!
                































