





home page | paws chicago








































home page | paws chicago







facebook
twitter
instagram






sign up
shop
















home

our workhow to helpevents & dog trainingnews & resourcesno kill missionabout us









pet adoptionpets availableadopt a catadopt a dogadoption processwhy adoptadoption centersadoption eventsa pet's journey through pawsongoing training & supportrecently adopted petspaws alumnispay/neuterlifesaving impactbenefits of spay/neuterlurie clinicferal cats (tnr)importance of early spay/neutercommunity engagementpaws for life outreach360 at cacccommunity catspaws chicago magazinecrisis supportgiving up your petcrisis foster caredisaster responsemedical center
volunteerbecome a volunteervolunteer opportunitiesjunior volunteersvolunteers of the monthvolunteers of the yeardonateyour giving saves liveslifeline monthly giving programtributes and memorialscorporate givingguardian angelother ways to givecreate your own (cyo) fundraiser programfosterbecome a fosterresources for fostersbecome a foster parentpets available for fostering
fundraising events5k walk/runanimal magnetismbeach partygolfteam paws chicagofur ballcommunity eventspet loss heal support groupjunior rescuers youth toursdog training classesmeet the trainerstraining center  faqs
news & featurespaws chicago newsanimal welfarefor your petpaws chicago magazinefor people who love petsall about dogsdoggy basicsgetting started - a guide for bringing home a new dogpreparing your dog for a change in the familyunderstanding dog behaviormedical care for your dogproviding for your dog should something happen to youhow dogs ageprotocolsreturn to routineall about catskitty basicsgetting started - a guide for bringing home a new catpreparing your cat for a change in the familyunderstanding cat behaviormedical care for your catproviding for your cat should something happen to youcat resourcestwo is better than oneresourceschicago area animal sheltersvet care partnersfinding your lost pethelping a stray or lost animalcoping with pet losshazardous items for pets
about no killhistory of shelteringthe no kill revolutiondefining no killno kill gold standardthe no kill modelthe foundation - community engagementthe four pillarsa model no kill communitybuilding a no kill chicagocommunity results to dateanimal care & control resultspaws chicago's progressionno kill policy recommendations
the storyour historytimelines & milestonesmission & valueswatch our storyresultsadoption programspay/neuter datacommunity engagementfinancial health and sustainabilityleadershipboard of directorsdevelopment boardprofessional boardmedia centerpaws in the mediamedia archivevideo archive









































close menu




menu





donate
adopt



























125,071
volunteer hours in 2024






4,382
adoptions in 2024








97.93%
save rate at paws






17,168
surgeries in 2024






















eat pizza. save pets.
find adoptable dogs featured on piece pizza boxes, and enjoy monthly, limited-edition pizzas created to benefit homeless pets. starting february 9, every $35 specialty pie sold triggers an incredible $80 donation to paws chicago! click here to learn more. 
 












animal magnetism
animal magnetism welcomes animal lovers and their canine companions for a night of food and drinks, dancing, entertainment, and more! this celebration is critical in raising funds to ensure paws can continue to save thousands of homeless pets each year. animal magnetism sells out fast. get your tickets before they’re gone! 











2024: a year of lifesaving impact
last year was transformative for paws chicago. we expanded lifesaving programs to combat the growing pet homelessness crisis, working closely with chicago animal care and control to implement innovative solutions to save countless lives. explore our year-in-review to see how your generosity helped save homeless pets!











intern this summer
gain real-world experience in animal welfare and non-profit work guided by industry leaders at the midwest’s largest no kill animal welfare organization. apply to be a summer intern by march 15.  











donate supplies on our wishlist
help us stretch our dollars by donating supplies. new and most gently used items are greatly appreciated. we do have limited storage space, so we have put together a list of the items we need the most. 












peter fasseas golf open
tee up to help homeless pets on monday, june 9 at the westmoreland country club. enjoy a day of golf with on-course entertainment and photo stations with adoptable pets. then, top it off with a dinner reception and auction, all to benefit homeless dogs and cats. click to reserve your spot!











junior rescuers youth tours
join us at 10:30 a.m. on the second saturday of every month for a tour of the pippen fasseas adoption center. this is the perfect opportunity for scout troops, school groups, families, and kids to get a first-hand look at what it means to give homeless pets a second chance. click to register! 











virtual + in-person training
train your pup from the comfort of your home or at our lincoln park training center. small class sizes ensure an environment conducive to learning. sign up now! 












become a paws junior volunteer
if you’re 12–17 years old and have a passion for animals, you can make an impact on the lives of homeless pets. join paws jv and help give paws pets a clean, safe, loving environment while volunteering alongside a parent or guardian. click to sign up. 













be part of the solution

join paws chicago in its work to help homeless pets. there are endless ways for you to give back. find one that's right for you and get involved today.




adopt
donate
volunteer
foster






paws chicago adoption history
total number of adoptions through 2024: 86,616





from
168
animals adopted from paws

1997



to
4,382
animals adopted from paws

2024





learn more







why are they dying?
					
						too many born, too few adopted
					
				




















one female cat
and her offspring can produce more than
420,000 kittens
over a seven year span!





learn more




one female dog
and her offspring can produce over
96,000 puppies
in seven years!





learn more










families needed
with so many pets born, too many are coming into shelters and too few are adopted. become a foster parent and offer a homeless pet refuge until they find their adoptive family.
meet homeless pets










								the no kill model - solutions to end the killing
							







the no kill model
dig deeper into the pillars of no kill - targeted spay/neuter, adoptions, animal health & well-being, and volunteers - and the foundation of community engagement in our no kill section.
see the model









targeted spay/neuter
targeted spay/neuter programs serving at-risk and under-resourced communities dramatically reduces the number of unwanted animals born and ultimately killed in shelters.
learn more









proactive & innovative adoption
saving more lives is about extending the visibility of homeless animals into communities where people live, work and play, encouraging people to think adoption first, and maybe fall in love.
dig deeper









animal health & behavior
the goal is for each pet to not only survive but thrive! through state-of-the-art shelter medicine and comprehensive animal behavior programs, we treat and rehabilitate both body and spirit.
learn more









volunteers
volunteers are the life-force of paws chicago, touching every aspect of operations and providing the highest quality of care for our pets. join our army and help us save more lives!
volunteer opportunities









community engagement
the foundation of everything we do - since our first adoption event in 1998 - is engaging the community in the cause of homeless pets. people cause the problem. people solve the problem!
be part of the solution









the founding
it's a story that inspires. this video tells the story of why paws was founded and how a grassroots effort revolutionized animal welfare in chicago.
watch












nan & wayne kocourek medical center

once safe at paws chicago, every pet is treated as an individual and guaranteed life, no matter where they come from and what they need.




learn more









contact uscareerssitemapprivacy policyadopt a pet




pippen fasseas adoption center
1997 n. clybourn ave

                    
                        chicago,
                    
                    
                        il
                    
                    
                        60614
                    
                    
                        - map it


773-935-7297
                    
                    
                        (paws)
                    
                
monday–friday: noon–7 p.m.
saturday–sunday: 11.a.m.–5 p.m.

schedule an adoption appointment: 
learn about our in-person adoption process at pawschicago.org/adopt


medical center & lurie clinic
3516 w. 26th street

                    
                        chicago,
                    
                    
                        il
                    
                    
                        60623
                    
                    
                        - map it


773-521-7729 (spay)

visit pawschicago.org/clinic to make an appointment today.


blazer building training center
1933 n. marcey street

                    
                        chicago,
                    
                    
                        il
                    
                    
                        60614
                    
                    
                        - map it



please visit pawschicago.org/training for the most up-to-date information on our virtual and in-person training classes.


englewood outreach program
offers programs and resources for neighborhood pet owners.




pet owners in englewood and back of the yards may call 773-217-9113 for more information.








copyright 2025








follow us:



facebook
twitter
instagram















