




  

	online criminal background checks | criminalwatchdog





























resource center

data coverage
contact ussign in



menu


criminal check

criminal database checks
manual criminal checks


advanced checkadvanced check plus

verifications

employment and education checks
dot and professional license checks
us trace



about


about

overview
services & pricing
faqs
glossary
my account













your employees are your biggest asset.
let's protect them together.
run a criminal background check
compare our different background checks




help



why go with cwd's reports?
how to perform a search
find the right search for you
reviews & testimonials



who we are
criminal background checks aren't your full-time job, but they are vital to the safety and well-being of your workplace. that's why we've invested heavily in creating a comprehensive and easy to use product that gets you reliable information fast.
but we’re more than our product. we’re your ally.
we believe everyone has the right to a safe work environment and, as a result, have dedicated everything we do to ensuring our partners can protect what matters most — their employees.
learn more about how we work to protect our partners
learn more about our criminal data coverage


our background check options

                fast online access to criminal background checks for employment, tenant, volunteer and care provider screening.
            





criminal check:
a cost-effective criminal conviction database search





advanced:
verify someone’s identity and run their criminal background check





advanced plus:
verify an identity, run a criminal check, and obtain case records from county courthouses all in one search





verifications:
confirm your applicant's employment and education background








national:
a comprehensive search including over 650 million criminal conviction records





state:
a state specific criminal records check





regional:
check several state databases in one search





county:
get up-to-date information from county courthouses





need help deciding?



what do our customers have to say?




                            you go with the company that is consistent and convenient. criminalwatchdog is both.
                        
—caretha coulter, feizy import and export co.



                            knights marine was looking for an economical, accurate and quick way to do background checks on or applicants. criminalwatchdog, inc. fit the bill.
                        
—brian k. knight, knights marine & industrial services, inc.



                            thank you criminalwatchdog for being quick, easy, relatively inexpensive, responsive when i called with a question, and sustainable.
                        
—julie, health care provider





we’ve worked with over 100,000 clients in the past 10 years.
see what else our customers have to say about working with us and our criminal reports.
view all testimonials


need some help?

                criminalwatchdog provides a unique range of innovative reporting solutions tailored to satisfy the needs of any individual or organization.
            





choose the right report
determine which background check best fits your needs.





how to run a report
not sure how to get started? check out our step-by-step process here.





faqs
check out the answers to our most frequently asked questions.








phone: 800-515-8498

                                monday-friday
                                9:00am to 5:00pm est
                            





support
for fast and friendly support please contact our highly trained support staff.





corporate accounts
we offer additional corporate services, including discount pricing and alternate billing structures for large volume accounts.
































































company
about
services and pricing
faqs
glossary


resource center
employment law
leadership & management
employee engagement
workplace culture
skill development
hr champion


support
contact us
corporate solutions


»




get started!
criminal check
advanced check
advanced check plus
verifications




twitter
facebook



terms of use
site map
privacy



© 2004 - 2025 criminalwatchdog, inc. all rights reserved. criminalwatchdog® is a registered trademark of criminalwatchdog, inc.
303 wyman street, suite 300, waltham, ma 02451











