
king ko inn - alaska's best sport fishing



--


















king ko inn 
 king salmon, alaska  


 'sports afield recognizes king salmon "alaska's best outdoor
town" and recommends the ko for cabins and mo' 

















 

















the king ko - and alaska - await your arrival  




experience the uniqueness of alaska at the king ko
inn in king salmon, alaska. the
2015 summer season is now behind us, but planning for the 2016 season
is already under way and it's looking to be another record year with
many exciting
developments on the horizon. if
you haven't visited king salmon in a while, be sure to check us out
when you have the chance. we
are continuing to make renovations to our lodge and our restaurant
continues to serve up simply the best food in bristol bay - and dare we
say
alaska?. needless to say,
we will
also be reopening bristol bay's favorite watering hole this spring with
a brand new
schedule of events and activities. but most important, come visit
our staff - the friendliest (and most interesting) in all of alaska.
they
are the reason the alaska travel guides are so complimentary towards us
in their current and recent editions. check out what they are saying
about us on our news page. 
 for
those who haven't visited our watering hole lately, we now have huge
crab pots in the
bar for those who want to safely shake their buoys to the beat of our
live entertainment or our awesome new music system.  as always,
the foosball, pool and juke box are all
free but no - we will not pay to have your favorite flannel shirt
laundered should you get in the middle of a whipped cream fight.
that is the risk you take when you enter our meditation
center.  and rest
assured, despite all of this excitement and change, the
notoriety of the king ko - and its incredible bartending staff - lives
on.  indeed, watch for us on tv in january as the leading
ladies of the animal planet network's popular show "wild west alaska"
take on the challenge of becoming king ko
bartenders for a night.  clearly, another date to add to our famed
history page. 
we
are located in the heart of king salmon, alaska, about 300 air miles
southwest of anchorage. are you tired of combat fishing
shoulder-to-shoulder along a crowded riverbank or playing "bumper cars"
with other fishing boats? then king salmon is the place for you! king
salmon is the home of the world class sport fishing and hunting. sports
afield calls king salmon alaska's best outdoor sports town. it is also
the gateway to katmai national park - home of the famous valley of
10,000 smokes - which turns 100 this summer - and the gigantic alaskan
brown bear. our fall bear and
moose hunting opportunities are fantastic. in short, king salmon is a
sportsman's and sportswoman's paradise. not only did  sports afield proclaim king salmon as "alaska's best
outdoor sports town" two years running, it also recommended the king ko
inn as the place to stay when visiting king salmon. try us, you won't regret the
choice. 
















 






news



tour



history
 


fun times



 rates


 gift shop


 contact
us 
 


 local links


 join our
staff




 copyright king ko inn 2006 all rights reserved.


  






 





