






	vacuflo® central vacs | home






























about vacuflo central vacuumsdealer locatorcontact us















homewhy central vachealthy homevaluecentral vacs vs portablesgreen informationprofessional installationproductspower unitsretractable hose systemschameleonspotvroomvroom retract vacstandard systemaccessoriespowerheadsstandard accessoriesspecialty accessoriesgarage systemssupportproduct manualsregister systemfaqpower unitspowerheadsretractable hose productshoses and accessoriesvalvesinstallationwarrantywarranty informationvacuflo limited lifetime warrantychameleon retractable hose systemspot by chameleonvroom quick-clean accessoryvroom retract vacattachment warrantyaccessory use guidebuilder centercontact usaccessory storereviewswhere to buy




clean starts here®creating a healthy home environment for your family is important. vacuflo central vacuums clean in ways other vacuums can't and have up to five times the power of most portable vacuums. also, vacuflo central vacs actually improve indoor air quality by capturing all of the vacuumed dirt, dust, and allergens, with absolutely no "vacuum odors" and no recirculation of particles back into the living area. vacuflo provides relief for allergy and asthma suffers and helps create a safe haven for your entire family.







smartzone by vacuflo is the ultimate in cleaning convenience
vacuflo replaces all your other vacuum products with just one versatile system! simply plug a lightweight hose into a conveniently located vacuum inlet, choose an attachment and start vacuuming! or, take your vacuflo central vac system to the next level with revolutionary hose management solutions like chameleon®, spot®, vroom®, or vroom retract vac®!
how it works
vacuumed particles are whisked through a network of tubing that is easily installed inside the walls of your home and deposited into a vacuum unit located outside the living area. the result is no after vacuum smell or dust particles lingering in the air. vacuflo central vacuum systems can be installed in both new and existing construction - and often in less than a day!
 










vacuflo® central vacuum systems

                                512 w. gorgas stlouisville, oh 44601voicemail line | 800-822-8356
                            


visit our facebook pagevisit our youtube channelvisit our linkedin pagevisit our instagram page




additional links
 become a dealer sitemap privacy policy








© h-p products, inc.
























































