






fake tan and professional spray tan solutions - sunjunkie.com




































x

    		
      this site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
      if you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
        for more information, please see our
        cookies page.
  
more info
i opt-in to a better browsing experience


          accept cookies        













search












currency





change currency


€ - euros



$ - us dollars



£ - british sterling








sign in / register





login
register
my wishlist



















bag (0)










shop








› fake tan




› express 1 hour tanning




› instant wash off self tan




› accessories




› teeth whitening kits




› gift sets

















professional








› spray tan solutions




› spray tan machines




› spray tanning equipment




› preparation and skin finishing




› accessories, disposables and marketing




› spray tan training

















the tanning bible




stockists




reviews




tanspiration





















 































































 














older posts
















sunjunkie



		    												  tanspiration										    				





		    												  about us										    				





		    												  contact us										    				





		    												  helpdesk										    				





		    												  blog										    				






your order



		    												  faq										    				





		    												  delivery & returns										    				





		    												  privacy policy										    				





		    												  terms & conditions										    				






quick links



		    												  body tanning										    				





		    												  fake tan										    				





		    												  spray tan machines										    				





		    												  spray tan solution										    				





		    												  spray tan training courses										    				












newsletter signup

to see how we process your data view our privacy policy

join us on facebook follow us on twitter join us on google+
pin us on pinterest rss feeds





welcome to sunjunkie
welcome to sunjunkie! we are the uk’s official professional’s choice for fake tan and professional spray tan solutions. our tanning products are used all over the world from the new york fashion week to high end salon and spa’s throughout the uk and europe.
sunjunkie first launched their famous fake tanning products in the summer of 2006, since then our products have developed a reputation for giving the most naturally tanned complexion in every shade possible. all of our fake tan products are available in either a light, medium or dark shade.
sunjunkie fake tan is specifically formulated to suit every skin tone, whether you have a beautiful pale skin colour or an envious dark olive complexion, our fake tan has the colours to match your skin type and tone.  choose from our bestselling products, our famous self tanning mousse available in a light medium and dark shade or our super fine spray mist designed to give you a natural streak free glow.
sunjunkie spray tan solutions are the professional's choice for uk salon and spa owners. our professional solutions are available in 5 different collections that each offer different colours and results. our spray solutions are available in every shade from a light 6% to a deliciously dark 14%. we are the only uk spray tanning company to appear at the new york fashion week and continue to innovate and launch exciting new products into the tanning world.
we are the market leader for spray tan machines and even produce machines for other tanning companies. our spray tan machines are one of the only models that can produce an unlimited amount of spray tans daily without damaging the motor. we have a wide variety of different models and kits available to suit all businesses and budgets from our professional kit package to our beginner machine.
our machine kit packages include everything you need to start your own business from a pop up tanning tent to a wide range of our famous best selling solution and even comes with our full range of accessories to provide your clients with a professional service.
sunjunkie company motto - great fake tan is like great make-up, it enhances your look and minimizes your flaws... something we have mastered!


© 2025 sunjunkie. all rights reserved.
ecommerce by visualsoft













  sunjunkie registered office units 3a & 3b castlehill industrial estate, horsfield way, bredbury parkway, stockport, sk6 2su, registered in ukcompany registration number 10253554 vat no. 248335592


















