








okeechobee county property appraiser - mickey l. bandi, cfa | okeechobee, florida | 863-763-4422

















h o m e
record search / gis map
general info
tax & exemptions
forms
web links
contact us






















to the okeechobee county property appraiser website.  
		
		            
		            
the property appraiser of okeechobee county is charged with placing a fair and equitable market value on every parcel of property 
		            both real estate and tangible in our county. many people believe the property appraiser determines the amount of taxes a property 
		            owner will pay but this is not the case. 
		
		            the job of property appraiser is to value property for tax purposes.  the taxing authorities, which include 
		            the board of county commissioners, school board, city council, and the water management district, set the tax rate for all property and therefore 
		            the amount of taxes to be assessed.
		            
		            our goal is to serve the people of okeechobee county with outstanding customer service.
		            the information contained herein will be regularly maintained for your benefit. 
		            your comments and suggestions are encouraged, as we will continue to enhance the site's features.
		            

		            sincerely yours,

 

public website: https://www.okeechobeepa.com

phone: 863-763-4422 | email: info@okeechobeepa.com

















quick links






					• property record search




					• sales report search




					• gis map





					• ag classification




					• property tax exemptions (homestead exemption)







 - - - tax information for new homeowners  - - -







					• report homestead fraud





					• contact us

















important infomation






				• notice of final certification of 2024 tax rolls   (posted 10/23/2024)









filing deadline for all exemptions and renewals is march 1st






business tangible personal property returns are due by april 1st




when filing, please bring:
• current florida drivers license with correct address
• florida vehical tag number
                              • social security number(s)
                            
                           >> click here for more info on how to file for a 30-day tpp extension.









report your damaged to your property caused by recent hurricane


                            note: use the record search feature to find your property then click the [report hurricane damage] button located on the top of the parcel details page.
                            











							
														
							• 
							a florida homeowner's guide: catastrophic event property damage (pdf)































street address
office hours
mailing address






						okeechobee county property appraiser
						
						409 nw 2nd ave suite bokeechobee, fl 34972
						







863-763-4422 -phone
							
						8:00am - 5:00pm(mon-fri, except holidays)
						







								okeechobee county property appraiser
						
							409 nw 2nd ave suite bokeechobee, fl 34972
				
							
							












disclaimer

    the information on this website was derived from data which was compiled by the okeechobee county property appraiser office solely for the governmental purpose of property assessment.  this information should not be relied upon by anyone as a determination of the ownership of property or market value. no warranties, expressed or implied, are provided for the accuracy of the data herein, it's use, or it's interpretation.  although it is periodically updated, this information may not reflect the data currently on file in the property appraiser's office.
    the okeechobee county property appraiser, its employees, agents, and personnel make no warranty of merchantability or warranty for fitness of a use for a particular purpose expressed or implied with respect to the information available on this website.
    



© okeechobee county property appraiser | mickey l. bandi, cfa | okeechobee, florida | 863-763-4422
by: grizzlylogic (g4)





