










perfect freehold land plot for sale across england







<![endif]-->









home - land - register - contact - sign-in



englands largest land retailer
a family run business, selling land for over 30 years.




 freehold plots of land from â£1900









concerns about cbdc? buy assets instead.


there has never been a better time to invest in land. imagine being able to grow your own food right on your own land!
the process is as easy as a, b, c:               

 choose the land for sale that you want to purchase
 reserve your selected plot
 secure the plot with a 10% deposit
 pay the remaining balance within 28 days
 the price you see is all you pay, plus a small fee to the land registry
 we handle the conveyance for free when you buy from us
 your name will be on the deeds at the land registry, making you the official owner of the land
 you will also have legal right of way
 it's incredibly simple to own a piece of england!
              
* if you wish to use your solicitor, then their fees need to be added.                        


 




























 
search by region:

south east 

 london area 

south 

south west 

 east 

midlands 

 north east 

north west 

 west 

 isle of wight

 plot search - 
search the entire database:
lowest price, location, size etc. 







buy land and wait. don't wait to buy land
 :
please note from august 2024 we moved address (read more)











why not utilize the land as intended by mother nature?
if you intend to use the land for more than 28 days for purposes   other than agriculture, it is necessary to obtain planning permission   from the local council.
some of our land may be situated in   greenbelt areas, however, this does not hinder the ability to cultivate   vegetables or raise animals. greenbelt areas encompass 13% of england   and are predominantly utilized for agricultural activities.
consider   utilizing the land as an alternative to an allotment. many councils   permit natural hedges to serve as boundaries, which can also aid in   promoting wildlife.
residing on an island, our country heavily   relies on the oil industry for the transportation of food, resulting in   escalating food prices. furthermore, there are apprehensions regarding   the practices of the food industry, therefore, utilizing the land can   help assuage these concerns.  






money really does grow on trees (hypothetically)
we currently rely on importing nearly 80% of our food supply. it is   time to take action and start growing our own healthy food.   additionally, we should encourage our children to spend less time on   their computers and game systems and more time appreciating the real   world.
it is essential for the leaders of our country to recognize   the urgent need for building reservoirs to capture and store the   precious water that we currently receive in abundance.
the   management of land and its optimal utilization should be a top priority   for our island. whether it is for infrastructure, housing, business,   food production, renewable energy, or other purposes, the proper use of   land is crucial.
investing in land is a wise decision for the   future. whether the land is developed or left as is, its value will   continue to increase due to high demand. it is a valuable asset that   will only appreciate over time.




 
home -- forms/info -- land -- register -- contact -- sign-in
standard terms & conditions
gdpr website privacy policy
gls website privacy policy
 copyright © 2024 - all rights reserved - gladwish land sales limited tel: 01403262523
 



