



home | electrical materials company
































 


145 elizabeth lane
genoa city, wi 53128
t: (262) 279-3812
f: (262) 279-6824

4516 e 12th road
earlville, il 60518
t: (262) 279-3812
f: (262) 279-6824 
 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 







 





home
contact us
products by categories
overhead

guy markers (guy guards)
u-guard adapters — plastic
double coil spring lock washers
perch guard
staples
wildlife protectors
conduit duct plugs


underground

cable markers
duct shields
guy markers
u-guard adapters — plastic
manhole guard
transformer hold down cleats


underground to overhead

u-guard — plastic
u-guard — steel
u-guard adapters — plastic
u-guard adapters — steel
u-guard back plates
u-guard fasteners
ground wire molding
grounding clamps — stainless
pole mounted straps
conduit mounting brackets — stand off
guy markers


secondary service pedestals and accessories

plastic, rectangular
secondary service pedestals — steel, rounded
secondary service pedestals — steel, rectangular or square
streetlight


rv, mobile home, temporary electrical service pedestals

100 amp rv electrical service pedestal — unmetered
rv power pedestal with metered compartment


utility tools

blanket clamp hook
outrigger pads
lock and block overhead disconnect blade switch












 








 








 


we manufacture a wide variety of high quality pole line products. our overhead products are used in the electrical utility, cable tv, and telephone industries.
some of our overhead products include steel and plastic u guard, adapters, guy markers (guy guards), wildlife protectors, and double coil lock washers, 
emc manufactures a wide variety of products for underground electric distribution systems.
among our products are underground cable markers, duct shields, and cable saddles.
transformer products include mounting cleats, and markers for easy recognition.
we pioneered the concept of the flanged u-guard (pole risers) in the early 60’s and remain the leader in quality and innovation to this day.
accessories include ground wire molding, conduit to u-guard plastic adapter boots, and back plates.
electrical materials company brought the first secondary service pedestals to the market in 1961.
we are still a leader in the development of electrical pedestals, cabinets, and enclosures.
a variety of mounting posts, brackets and hardware for your specific needs are available.
from ul listed recreational vehicle (rv) pedestals, rv power pedestals    cable enclosures, and novel designs, we can help you find a solution to your specific power needs.
our power pedestals are durable weatherproof units built to stand the test of time. we offer both metered and un-metered pedestals of varying sizes.

we design ergonomic tools to help the lineman work quickly and with safety.
 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 







 
copyright © 2005 — 2025 electrical materials company. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | copyright | 



 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
last updated: 
      2/7/25



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






