






mesothelioma treatment - resources for mesothelioma patients

















hope

home
mesothelioma

mesothelioma cause
mesothelioma symptoms
mesothelioma diagnosis
mesothelioma stages


treatment options

time matters
traditional care
new approaches
nutrition
palliative care
pain management


mesothelioma specialists

choosing your doctor
your health care team
choosing a facility
cancer centers
travel & lodging


clinical trials

trial basics
trial phases
eligibility
current trials



support

mesothelioma news
medical journal articles
interviews with experts
survivors & fighters

belle mcguckin
bob harthcock
willard dahl


veterans resources

help

leading cancer links
financial assistance, compensation, and legal rights
disclaimer and sponsorship information

if you would like to receive a free information packet** or have questions about mesothelioma, call us at:
toll-free 1-877-for meso (367-6376)
 **packet includes information on specialists, treatments, clinical trials, 
        cancer links, and how to access legal and financial resources. you will 
        be contacted by a mesothelioma web co-ordinator who will be available 
        to discuss questions you might have.


show nav  



 





 




mesothelioma
for those diagnosed with mesothelioma, an asbestos-related 
        cancer of the lining of the lung (pleura) or the lining of the abdominal 
        cavity (peritoneum), finding a credible source of information about the 
        disease itself and the medical options available, is of the highest priority. 
        after years of research and synthesis of information, we have assembled 
        a web site and packet for patients and their loved ones. we hope you find 
        this web site helpful.
a mesothelioma diagnosis can be overwhelming, 
        and we are here to answer any questions you might have, and to help you 
        take the steps necessary to find the options that are best suited to your 
        individual needs.
our staff is experienced and knowledgeable in dealing with mesothelioma 
        patients and their family members, and the service we provide is always 
        with appreciation for the difficult time you are facing. although you 
        have found us on the internet, rest assured there are real people here 
        to help. please feel free to contact us at any time at 1-877-for-meso 
        (367-6376).  (please read disclaimer at bottom of page before proceeding.)

hope
"hope is the companion of power, and the 
        mother of success; for who so hopes strongly, has within him the gift 
        of miracles." -- samuel smiles
this segment begins with more information about malignant 
        mesothelioma, including the causes of the disease and characteristic 
        symptoms. our comprehensive section on mesothelioma 
        treatment options discusses surgery, chemotherapy, and radiation therapy 
        as well as new types under investigation. we discuss ways to find 
        specialists who treat mesothelioma and some advice on choosing your 
        doctor . the clinical trials segment details 
        current clinical studies and links to information specific to those trials.
support
"too often we understimate the power of a 
        touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or 
        the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a 
        life around." --dr. leo buscaglia
start planning with comprehensive cancer 
        centers, how to find places to stay near treatment facilities and 
        how to get there in the travel & lodging section. relevant medical 
        journal and mesothelioma news articles are 
        updated regularly. our support segment ends with survivors 
        & fighters who have uplifting stories to tell.
help
"knowledge is power."-francis 
        bacon
 this segment provides leading cancer links. 
        in your peace of mind you'll find resources to 
        help you and your family feel secure in the weeks, months and years ahead. 
        here you can find links to information on financial assistance, compensation, 
        and legal options.
you will probably want to come back to this site in the future, so remember 
        to bookmark this page. for instructions on how to bookmark, click 
        here. 
to receive a free mesothelioma web information packet** 
        or to make a request, please fill out the following form :




name:
  


phone number:
  


e-mail:
  


street address:
  


city, state, zip:
  


comments or
              questions:
  


  





 
find out more about mesothelioma 
 
learn about the symptoms of mesothelioma 


 
 

 







this website is devoted to the needs of people diagnosed with mesothelioma. it is not a non-profit organization;
       rather it is a website. the content was not prepared by medical professionals and should not be taken as a substitute for 
      medical advice. the site is sponsored by brad cooper* of cooper, hart, leggiero & whitehead and is maintained by 
      website coordinators who are employed by the law firm, however, they maintain a separate telephone line and do not give legal 
      advice. the website coordinators continually research new treatment programs and news articles and maintain contact with various
       doctors who specialize in treating mesothelioma. the coordinators attempt to assist visitors and callers in researching their 
       options. the coordinators send out written materials to those who contact them and express an interest. these materials contain 
       a variety of information about mesothelioma and related treatment options as well as information on compensation, legal rights 
       and legal services available through cooper, hart, leggiero & whitehead located at 2202 timberloch place, #200, the woodlands, 
       tx 77380 (greater houston area). retention of legal services cannot be done through website coordinators. in order to retain 
       the legal services of cooper, hart, leggiero & whitehead, please contact them at 
      1-800-998-9729. co-council likely to be associated on some defendants
*licensed by the supreme court of texas




© copyright 1998 - 2016












