


central continental bakery



















 












cake flavors / fillings / sizes
 | cafe
 | hours / location
 | order paczki online
 | paczki order form 
 | history
 | best sellers
 | specials
































home 



 contact us














		        					product quick search


 
		        					








category |
		       					holiday








wedding cakes
sweet table
cakes
photo cakes
cupcakes
cookies
petit fours
kringles
pies
pastries
doughnuts
muffins
bread
buns & rolls
funnel cakes
holiday centerpieces
paczki - seasonal




 



featured items

 

 

welcome!
thank you for visiting central continental bakery's website. we are a fourth generation bakery that has proudly been serving mt. prospect since 1979. we specialize in providing the highest quality baked goods ranging from delicious hand made breads to creating the cake of your dreams. please take a look at some of the tasty treats we have to offer, or stop in to visit us!

please note that prices can change without notice.also, products displayed on the website might differ slightly at our retail store.  thank you.

 read more 

 


 

paczki fest 2025 february 27th - tuesday, march 4th
paczki fest 2025- 
paczki fest is almost here! our 6 day event will begins on thursday february 27th and ends on fat tuesday march 4th! 
hours: thurs feb 27th, friday feb 28th: 7am until 5pm 
saturday march 1st: 6am until 3pm 
sunday march 2nd: 7am until 2pm 
monday march 3rd: 6am until 7pm 
tuesday march 4th: 6am until 7pm online ordering will be open february 3rd. paczki pick up will begin thursday february 27th until tuesday march 4th. we are very excited for pazcki fest this year. we have two new flavors that will make your mouth melt; espresso martini and pistachio delight.
all orders must be placed by 12pm for next day pick up. (no exceptions)
orders placed on sunday for monday pick up must be placed by 11am. unfortunately, we are unable to make any changes 
 read more 

 
 

 

changes and/or cancellations
due to new bakery cake order guidelines:
please allow 48 hours in advance to make any changes to all pre-orders.
(size/servings filling changes etc.)

thank you!


 read more 

 


 

placing an order with central continental bakery:
please call our retail store at (847) 870-9500 to place a cake order or to ask any questions regarding a cake style, design, or flavor.no orders are taken or accepted by email.
email is strictly for photo sharing or ideas only. thank you.

changes to cake orders must be done 48 hours in advance!!

 read more 

 
 

 

like us and share with friends!
check facebook daily to view the specials of the day
 read more 

 


 

check out our reviews on wedding wire!
"our cake was gorgeous and even my mother in law said it was the best wedding cake she had ever tasted! thank you for making this process so stress free for us! you guys are awesome!"
 read more 

 
















central continental bakery, inc. provides a diverse line of products catered specifically to the needs of our customers. we create a variety of ethnic pastries and breads, traditional and non-traditional holiday favorites, hand decorated and photo cakes, sweet table assortments, and many other items. all of our products are made with the fresh ingredients to maintain our high standard of quality.				  	





 shopping cart      					



(0) items in your shopping cart.
please choose a category at the left to begin your order.







 login
 rapid reorder
 view cart
 checkout







 











	  					join our mailing list!


  
	  					  




















 














© 2025 central continental bakery.  all rights reserved.
chicago web design



privacy policy | terms and conditions | 
			contact us









