









english | college of arts & sciences | university of delaware






































skip to site content

























































 quick links 




                                        myud
                                    



                                        maps
                                    



                                        people directory
                                    



                                        email
                                    



                                        careers
                                    



                                        library
                                    



                                        a-z index
                                    



                                        news
                                    



                                        events
                                    



                                        safety at ud
                                    





















close













                    
                        arts & sciences
                    
                    
                






























                        quick links 





                                            myud
                                        



                                            maps
                                        



                                            people directory
                                        



                                            email
                                        



                                            careers
                                        



                                            library
                                        



                                            a-z index
                                        



                                            news
                                        



                                            events
                                        



                                            safety at ud
                                        







about uscollege leadershipdean's advisory councilstudent advisory councildiversity, equity and inclusioncontact usprospective studentsundergraduate programsgraduate programstransfer studentsvisit uscurrent studentsstudent success centerstudent scholar programs4+1 programsacademicsour departmentsour centersour programsassociate in arts programsecondary educationnews & eventsarts at udannual lectures and symposiain the newsresearch & innovationplastino scholarsresearch newsalumni & friendsalumni awardsmake a gift


ud home college of arts & sciencesacademicsour departmentsenglish
















english





































































english





                                        about us
                                    



                                        undergraduate programs
                                    




                                        english 110 first-year writing
                                    



                                        current student resources
                                    



                                        awards and honors
                                    



                                        student organizations
                                    




                                        caesura student magazine
                                    



                                        sigma tau delta
                                    





                                        english minors
                                    





                                        graduate program
                                    




                                        current student resources
                                    



                                        funding opportunities
                                    



                                        working groups
                                    





                                        our alumni
                                    



                                        our people
                                    



                                        research programs
                                    



                                        make a gift
                                    











welcome
 
the department of english offers a practical, multidisciplinary and flexible array of courses that prepares students for a variety of career and educational paths. the department’s community of engaged and award-winning scholars offers a wealth of knowledge in a wide range of literature specializations, as well as innovative and interdisciplinary expertise in the fields of print and material culture studies, film studies, black cultural studies, disability studies, journalism and environmental humanities.














wh​y ud english? 

read, write, live graduating on time matters. getting a job matters. but those aren't the only reasons to major in english. studying english, you will create, analyze, contextualize and explain texts from classic literature to the documents that drive the corporate world. 
ud english education graduates are highly sought after. from 2016-2020, 91% of alumni survey respondents were employed as full-time teachers; approximately 5% were employed in other fields; and the rest were full-time graduate students.

 








4 years


as a ud english major, you can create a flexible, unique-to-you degree plan that supports what you are passionate about - and gets you to graduation day on time.










jobs


english majors get jobs! employers want employees with the skills gained from studying english—skills like creativity, adaptability, persuasiveness and the ability to collaborate.
 










social justice


you will better understand diverse cultural and literary traditions while acquiring the knowledge and skills necessary to thrive as a global citizen.




















latest news






ud’s newest gilman scholar
february 07, 2025 | written by grace kearns
first-generation college student briarra barnes earns prestigious benjamin a. gilman international scholarship to study abroad in the netherlands



uncovering black histories at ud
february 03, 2025 | written by amy wolf
a virtual tour ties previously overlooked histories to sites on campus. the black histories at ud storymap traces stories of  black community members, students, faculty members and racial justice activists to specific sites on the ud campus and the greater newark area.



for the record, friday, jan. 31, 2025
january 31, 2025 | written by udaily staff
university of delaware community reports new honors, publications, presentations





read more from the english department





upcoming events














explore the study abroad program portal


learn about current & upcoming study abroad opportunities
 
 



























 colleges









                            college of arts & sciences
                        






                                    about us
                                



                                    prospective students
                                



                                    current students
                                



                                    academics
                                



                                    news & events
                                



                                    research & innovation
                                



                                    alumni & friends
                                









                            resources
                        





                                        college operations
                                    







connect





























 
 
 














top












explore ud in photos







undergraduate major finder







graduate program finder





 ud home





explore



										about us
									



										athletics
									



										udaily
									



										virtual tour
									



										employment
									




academics



										undergraduate admissions
									



										graduate admissions
									



										colleges
									



										library
									



										research
									




services



										accessibility notice
									



										people directory 
									



										my ud
									



										campus safety 
									



										a to z index
									





connect

contact us
university of delaware newark, de 19716 usa   
p:   302-831-2792









































































			©2025 university of delaware
		


						comments
					



						legal notices
					



						accessibility 
					


















