


digital art photography by rick doble, internet artist. online exhibits of artistic photographs, computer graphics, gif animation.


















 digital art photography 
the art work of rick doble
17 years on the internet
the culmination of 40+ years of a life in art
 ---- 2000+ images ----
including 1700+ digital photos
plus experiments, art/science images, 
essays, lifestory, more
come share with me on facebook







 
experimental digital photography (edp)





 
retrospective -- over 40 years of work





 
illustrated visual influences section
painters, photographers, science, art movements
that influenced my work







painting with light
slow shutter speed photos






experimental self portraits






shadows and figure studies






the art of digital photography
ideas, essays






seasonal celebrations






music-audiences-dance







abstractions






modern world imagery






animations
not mini-movies but
'states of being'






art-science images






big bang images from
cosmic microwave background
(cmb)






illustrated
autobiography
lifestory






new myths for a scientific age
digital totem poles
+ stories, ideas, essays





all essays





resume - major mentions





contact information




more







click on an image on the leftto go to a section
come share with me on flickr

join me on facebook

rick doble, internet artist
my digital work on the internet is the culmination of my over 40 years of art photography. with computers, digital photography and the internet, i was finally able to bring together my creative work into a whole.
animation (left) = rick doble: ages 7, 16, 23, 53
 
click on a thumbnail on the left to go to a category.

free ebook: 15 years of essay-blogs about contemporary art & digital photography:
in-depth articles from 1997-2012 [**click to download the ebook epub version**
(requires an ereader -- get a free one listed at the bottom of this page)]
by rick doble
about 300+ pages, including about 150 pictures & illustrations
isbn: 978-1-300-19855-0
copyright © 2012 rick doble
free ebook download -- limited time offer
you can also download this ebook in a pdf version to read in the adobe reader
click here to download and read 15 years of essay-blogs about contemporary art & digital photography as an adobe pdf file.


 

rick doble is the author of 3 books on digital photography and a photography expert for the pixiq website. his essay-blogs have attracted a total of over 300,000 reads since 1997. in this ebook he has collected 43 of his short, easy to read, essay-blogs written during the last 15 years. these articles explore the artistic potential of digital photography from the earliest days to today. illustrated with more than 150 photographs, doble talks about digital photography from a number of perspectives including the influence of modern art, the relation to science, the evolving technology, and the history of the camera. one of these essays written in 1999, about the expressive potential of digital photography, was recently translated into italian for the prestigious cultorweb.com site and called prophetic by that website.



 experimental digital photography by rick doble
a complete illustrated how-to guide (sterling publishing)



   see my two other books on digital photography:

   the everything digital photography book, 2nd edition by rick doble, adams media corporation, 2008. 362 pages. text and all (77) photographs by doble.

  career building through digital photography by rick doble, rosen publishing group, 2007. 64 pages. text and 6 photographs by doble.




    

complete list of all individual galleries
each thumbnail links to its own gallery




painting with light




the new expressive capability of
digital photography
over 750 photographs from the last 4 years



    



self-portraits






self portraits in motionthese blurry and dreamy self portraits
were taken with a lot of movement
-- 41 digital photos --



self portrait shadows
shadows against grass and a rail road marker on the road.-- 22 photos --
-- 1 animation --





walking shadows-- 7 animations --inspired in part by a line from shakespeare's macbeth







self portraits under neon light
--- 20 still pix ---
-- 6 gif animations --
neon light distorts, colors and emphasizes.









xtreme self-portraits26 pix + 6 animations


xtreme xpressionsstreet lamp shadows33 photos


impossible self-portraits20 pix + 6 animations






my first experiments including myself in the picture12 photos


shadows and piecesof shadows11 photos





lots of experiments
68 photos
28 animations and film strips




     


musicians - audiences - dancing



music & musicians
rock and roll, electronic and raveheavy metal, folk, blues, cajun, and beach music
--- 108 digital photographs ---
--- including 16 animations ---


   


modern imagery








television fantasia27 still pix + 9 animations







twilight time
heavenly shades of night are falling ...
(the platters)
--- 48 digital photos ---



curtains and blinds-- 20 photos --

why curtains?
a favorite subject
of painters:
in their folds, fabric
and bright patterns
inside and outside mingle
a meeting place
for light



neon dreams  a digital photography series about neon lighting.--25 photos --





    

animations



gif animations
almost 150 looping animations




figure studies







walking shadows-- 7 animations --inspired in part by a line from shakespeare's macbeth





shadow figures

-- 66 images --computer enhanced images from candid digital photographs of shadows. plus a prose poem with narration.






 
woman in motion
an online display of computer photography
based partially on the work of eadweard muybridge-- 10 images --



xtreme xpressions
street lamp shadows
33 photos





gone fishing
a celebration of summertime
silhouettes, figure studies and candid photography
-- 50 digital photographs --




self portrait shadows
shadows against grass and a rail road marker on the road.-- 22 photos --
-- 1 animation --







   

images of the big bang




live from the big bang
these pictures combine both art and science

100+ personal artistic images created directly from the radio waves, "cosmic microwave background radiation" or cmb, of the big bang.



    


abstractions








pool patterns
--- 28 pictures ---
-- 4 animations --
the swimming pool at a vintage motelcreates unusual patterns and colors.




lights reflected in water29 digital photographs







computer processed imagery + experiments








tv static manjust for the fun of ita talking head surrounded by clouds of static-- 14 images including 1 animation --




tv static abstracts
--- 30 images ---


new mythology


   


digital totem poleslong narrow columns with intricate designs10 different totem poles

essay: toward a new mythology
and a future-primitive art


essay: thoughts about art in the 21st century


    

digital photoexperiments





"i see those carny lights! " -- 21 photos --experimental digital photography at a fall carnival

essay: how to experiment










ferris wheel fantasy-- 52 images --experimental unmanipulateddigital photographsall effects achieved through subject and camera movementdigital photography does strange things 
to moving images


lo-res self portraits
low resolution jpg provides interesting distortions


    



scientific photos






4th snowflake exhibit
my biggest snowflake exhibit26 colorful snow crystals





3rd snowflake exhibit - 1999-- 10 images --
2nd snowflake exhibit - 1998-- 10 stills and 7 animations --
1st snowflake exhibit - 1997-- 10 stills and 1 animation --




    


spring








spring rain abstractions 2002
window and windshield rain drops-- 17 digital photos --





spring rain abstractions 2001
-- 12 digital photos --




spring rain abstracts 2000-- 18 digital photos --


spring rain abstracts 1999-- 25 digital photos --
 





summer





gone fishing
a celebration of summertime
silhouettes, figure studies and candid photography
-- 50 digital photographs --






summer time
and the living is easy
37 digital photos, 9 animations
fireworks, lightning, ferris wheelsand more









autumn








halloweena photo essay-- 82 photos --




 halloween costumes and decorationsfrom mythical masks and figures from around the world. see my 10 image online exhibit.







bonfiresit's a fall tradition. feel the warmth.-- 32 photos --





christmas






largest exhibit and sharpest night pictures yetchristmas figures & lights--54 photos--



all christmas photos from years past---now over 150 digital photos ------ folk art in the yard ---




    

more



list of sites, past and present
that have featured or linked to this site

art, artists, thinkers who have influenced my work

literary works by rick doble
dramatic monologues
included in a major anthology
one act play
a modern story for children

information for schools, students, teachers




