








home

























 


logincontact us printer-friendly version





search ...  search 









homegrants
overviewsummer grantsundergraduate grantsconcluding initiatives #1concluding initiatives #2current granteestravel enhancement funduseful linksorientation materialsrequired documents
for fellows and scholarsalumni
directorypublications by granteesabout us
iie/program historycontact usinterested hostsfaq
fellows and scholars grants


                home                                    












conclusion of the whitaker program
 
between 2011 and 2018, the whitaker international program supported more than 400 grants to individuals wishing to pursue bio-medical engineering research opportunities outside the united states. grants were awarded to candidates either pursuing master’s degrees and phds or postdocs. alumni of the program have a combined continuing education or employment at rate of 97%, and of them, 77% remain in the bme field today.
the whitaker foundation always intended the whitaker international program to be short-lived – to serve as a trailblazer, to address a particular challenge, and not to continue into perpetuity. in the year the program was established, the field of bio-medical engineering, although focused on collaboration, was rarely focused on international partnerships at an individual level. the program’s facilitation of international opportunities has led to partnerships between universities as well as the continued exchange of researchers across the globe.
the final goal of the whitaker international program was to create opportunities for alumni to engage and continue the program’s legacy. recipients of the whitaker concluding initiative grant #1 are all whitaker alumni. to view ongoing whitaker alumni projects, please visit. the whitaker concluding initiative grant #2 includes continued programming to support the whitaker mission, details of which can be found on the website. unfortunately, no further whitaker grants will be available.
 
1win зеркало казино - это популярный игровой онлайн-ресурс, предоставляющий разнообразные азартные развлечения, включая игровые автоматы, настольные игры и ставки на спорт. сайт "1win" предоставляет широкий выбор игр и возможность соревноваться в онлайн-турнирах.
а кому зараз легко? теж втомилися? спробуйте вібратор зайчик...
choose best casino bonuses. win with the best!
play at bet7k today and don’t deny yourself anything!
тепер у вас є кредити онлайн нові і вони допоможуть вам!
visit only aviator official site. he is the real one...
do you like ice cream? find out all about him at https://cuisinart.manymanuals.com/ice-cream-makers
read gama casino review and play.
наслаждайтесь игрой на пин ап и отдыхайте. тут возможно всё!
вы много раз видели mostbet, но не играли? нужно исправить это сейчас же!
australia plinko games online provide detailed statistics and analytics, allowing players to track their performance and strategize accordingly.
смотрите порно видео всегда и везде! это полезно для здоровья.
if you were looking for steroids for sale then now you have only the best!
o 136bet é um cassino on-line brasileiro que oferece apostas em vários esportes
if you haven't heard of https://www.hghworld.net yet, then go today and choose only the best!
играйте на pin-up casino giriş и побеждайте уже сегодня. здесь это может сделать каждый!
susanne kaufmann mask is an exclusively natural product based on water and glycerin
feel the rush of big wins at nz casino – where excitement never stops.
join pin up bet and enjoy premium sports betting with high payouts. 










 

			published on whitaker international program (http://whitaker.org)
		

home > printer-friendly









































middle: greg goldgof, 2009-10 whitaker fellow to imperial college, currently at uc san diego. recent recipient of the bill and melinda gates foundation’s grand challenge explorations in global health 

since inception, over 300 grants have been awarded through the whitaker international program. 

in 2011, the whitaker program introduced two new programs:  the summer program and the undergraduate program. 

whitaker international fellow to the uk, grant project: arterial elasticity, histological and histochemical analysis 

2012-13 whitaker international fellow at european molecular biology laboratory in hamburg, germany. 

 









institute of international educationterms of use


© 2025 institute of international education




connect with us
 
have you been looking for a good casino for a long time? then joo casino is perfect for you! play and win!


source url: 

links:









subscribe to our mailing list
subscribe

 
 





 

















institute of international educationterms of use

© 2025 institute of international education
            




connect with us
 
have you been looking for a good casino for a long time? then joo casino is perfect for you! play and win!









