

















waldrep, stewart & kendrick, llp












home
news
practice areas
community
attorneys
contact us











 


waldrep, stewart & kendrick llp takes pride in our better than 40-year history of service to the community and maintains an active role today in providing a wide array of comprehensive legal services. the firm is distinguished by its trial and appellate lawyers, and has a deep bench for employment law, government relations, business and finance. 

our mission: to deliver success for our clients.

outstanding client service requires insight, expertise, responsiveness, proactivity and integrity. we strive to understand each client’s business and goals. we assemble the optimal team of resources to tackle our clients’ legal challenges. when we achieve a successful public offering or trial victory, we build lasting relationships with clients by delivering results.

we apply intellectual agility to every matter – from the complex to the routine – to ensure the best outcomes for clients. we attract and retain competent and effective attorneys by practicing at high levels of the legal profession in a culture that emphasizes collegiality, respect for everyone, professional and business ethics, and duty to the profession and our communities. our commitment to diversity and genuine collegiality creates a work environment ideally suited to collaboration and effective teamwork. progressive workplace policies embodying the principle of mutual respect translate into loyalty, winning results, and enduring client relationships.









waldrep stewart & kendrick llp’s dedicated and talented team of attorneys is equipped to handle the full spectrum of legal issues. the firm has represented a wide range of diverse businesses, governments and individuals in all types of litigation, including personal injury. the firm’s client work has achieved broad recognition for excellence. our lawyers have been recognized by trial and litigation honoraries, superlawyers, martindale-hubbell, and the birmingham business journal. it has been included in best insurance directory for defense and insurance counsel.




news

waldrep stewart & kendrick llp is proud to announce that the supreme court of alabama affirmed a judgment for a police officer and the city of homewood for defamation. attorneys were michael kendrick and wayne morse




waldrep stewart & kendrick llp is proud to announce that wayne morse has once again received super lawyer recognition for 2024-2025. he was selected for this honor subsequent to undergoing an evaluation of many different factors including peer recognition and professional achievement.




wayne morse has been named a fellow of the college of labor and employment lawyers. this prestigious honor reflects outstanding contributions in the field while demonstrating integrity, professionalism and character.




charlie waldrep was inducted in the greater birmingham home builders association hall of fame on december 2, 2021, in recognition of his 25 years of leadership of the governmental affairs committee.




waldrep, stewart & kendrick llp has scored a big win for the university of west alabama and public education in the supreme court of alabama. mike kendrick and wayne morse prevailed for uwa on september 17, 2021 in a lawsuit brought against uwa by the sumter county board of education.





practice



 trial and appellate



 public sector



 corporate




 labor & employment



 environmental & natural resources



 estate planning



 personal injury



 wrongful death



community


waldrep stewart & kendrick, llp is passionately devoted to promoting community programs and events in addition to supporting philanthropic efforts that further strengthen birmingham. 

waldrep stewart & kendrick is very proud to be a sponsor of the magic city classic scholarship.


 



no representation is made that the quality of legal services to be performed is greater than the quality of legal services performed by other lawyers.  disclaimer




