





clean ocean action: be the solution to ocean pollution











clean ocean action














click here to join our email list

knock knock…who’s there?not clean ocean action! (coa)coa does not go door-to-door. we do not solicit funds or signatures, or distribute information through canvassing. if you have questions or concerns, coa suggests contacting your town administrator. please further note that clean ocean action has no financial affiliation with the organization called clean water action (formerly known as nj environmental federation) or any other canvassing organization.

registration is live! click here to register or for more about the beach sweeps!



register for waves of wonder bubbly brunch!
				bringing the magic of the ocean to life in the middle of the winter!
			



offshore wind news & actionwhat are the latest updates on offshore wind in the ny/nj region?a draft of a presidential executive order pausing offshore windto read and learn more about this update and more, including coa's work on offshore wind issues, click here. 




				a monumental victory for our ocean!
			on january, 6, 2025, after 40+ years of relentless advocacy, the ocean off new jersey and new york is safe from offshore oil and gas drilling! u.s. president biden signed an executive order permanently banning offshore oil and gas development along the u.s. coast, including off the ny/nj coast. this historic decision is a tribute to the tireless work of clean ocean action, unwavering bipartisan support from decades of federal and state officials, and the thousands of citizens who stood united to protect the ocean.together, we proved that oil and water will never mix. but the work isn’t done—let this victory fuel our fight for a cleaner, healthier ocean for generations to come. click here for more and to see highlights from decades of campaigns, press conferences, and community actions that made this victory possible!  





coa's cindy zipf chosen among usa today's women of the year 2024 cindy’s unwavering dedication to protecting the ocean and its thriving marine ecosystem has steered coa through four decades of success. the entire coa crew, board and staff, are so proud and grateful for usa today's decision as we kick off our 40th year with this remarkable news!“this recognition is in honor of the amazing science, education, research, and advocacy work of the clean ocean action crew, the dedicated groups, businesses, elected officials, communities, and thousands of remarkable volunteers of all ages! success is never achieved alone,” said cindy.“this publication’s recognition of coa’s transformative efforts should serve as a call to action for everyone to step up to protect the imperiled ocean.” waves of thanks, usa today network for choosing and recognizing cindy zipf and coa for new jersey, and congratulations to all the inspiring, resilient leaders announced women of the year! 


				virtual eco-guide
			clean ocean action’s virtual ecoguide for students, teachers, and families is now live! published in previous years to promote the eco-friendly enjoyment of the jersey shore, coa has now taken this mission virtual so that it can be accomplished on-the-go. this comprehensive tool serves as a fun database of the best ways to enjoy marine ecosystems while also protecting them. this includes eco-friendly activities for all ages, educational information on issues that coa addresses, and tips on the best places to appreciate nature in nj.the ecoguide is made possible thanks to generous support from the marta heflin foundation.find the ecoguide linked below, ready for mobile or computer use. the ecoguide functions on mobile devices most efficiently through the “google slides” app, but can also be opened on any internet browser.link: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-pd5appogdwruw1mjn7mao9yueewltjgya_w4tpblsy/edit#slide=id.ptipsfor best use of the ecoguide:on mobile phonedownload the “google slides” or the “google drive” appwhen you click the ecoguide link, open it in one of those appsturn your phone horizontally for easiest viewingon desktop or laptoponce the link is opened, click “present” in the upper right-hand corner to view full screen and functionalityto use while offlineopen the ecoguide while online, then click “download” and download as a pdf to save for use while offline 




homeabout coahelp your oceanrally the waterwaysissues & campaignsbeach sweepseducation programs


about coacoa social media policyeventsmedia centerpublicationsnewslettertip tuesdayjoin/donatesearch

contact usvideos




headquarters: 49 avenel blvd.long branch, nj 07740field office:gateway national recreation areasandy hook, new jerseyvoice: (732) 872-0111fax: (732) 872-8041
info@cleanoceanaction.org

coa financial information
privacy/sharing policies
website questions/comments








clean ocean action |

copyright information
privacy policy




