







eastern caribbean amalgamated bank (ecab)


































locations | contact us | sitemap













home

about us
personal banking
business banking
ez banking
customer service
apply now
account update      











































welcome to the eastern caribbean amalgamated bank (ecab)
we are your financial partner for life! 
we are a unique bank built on the hopes and dreams of our people. through our association with banks throughout the oecs – ecab has local roots with regional and international reach.
ecab is the first bank in the region to be created exclusively through the strength of unity, for the customer and the community. we pledge to always put you first and to develop the kind of products and technology that are relevant to you and help you achieve your goals of a better life! 
we have the people, expertise, resources and portfolio to meet your diverse personal or corporate financial needs. service excellence, integrity, accountability and customer intimacy are the four main pillars on which our business is built.
your future is one that is shared by us! this sense of customer intimacy is what we know will bring you to us and keep you here. this is why we come to you confidently with a great expectation of having a lifetime relationship with you.
so, welcome to a whole new world of banking....welcome to ecab...











































borrow, build, save
building a home is one of the single largest...
more >


properties for sale by public auction
view a list of properties currently available for sale.
more >
reza (retire ez account)
our retire ez account (reza) offers great returns for your money.
more >



what's happening?

guidance on common reporting standards
common reporting standards (crs) faq
integration hub (former scotiabank customers)
ecab rates & charges - effective january 2023
incoming wire instructions
outgoing wires helpful tips
eft instructions
eft frequently asked questions
eft brochure











sign up for email updates



 


  






disclaimer
privacy & security
report email fraud
careers
terms & conditions
copyright © 2010-2022 eastern caribbean amalgamated bank. all rights reserved.

website produced by 
      orange media group inc





