




wild law - environmental law education on a national, international, and state level





















































 








environmental law education on a national, international, and state level



menu
skip to content
home
about wild law
contact
environment

national environmental policy act
pollution control
national forest protection is sustainability in action
species protection & environmentalism, it’s about all of us
conservation easements

virginia code – conservation easements


north shore road
friends of the tuskegee national forest


donate to environmental agencies
state ecology

ecology of alabama
ecology of north carolina


rss feed
english

português
português
español


 








what can you do to help the environment when you travel


while traveling for business or pleasure, try to minimize your impact on the environment. whether you are traveling to a conference, an important meeting, an island retreat, or an amusement park, you can be conscious of your impact on the environment. here are some green traveling tips to help you have a fun and eco-friendly…
 continue reading →








premises liability


premises liability insurance – environment slippery slope


so there you are, thinking about investing in premises liability insurance, after all it is essential to protect your business, and if you do get sued for an accident then you can claim damages. however, how are you going to assess the risk and see whether your premises are safe enough?
 




uncategorized


eco-friendly tips for the winter


once november arrives, a good portion of the country, from the upper northwest straight across to the northeast, prepare for a hibernation of sorts and surviving through the next four or five months of snow and cold. if you’re an eco-minded individual or are trying to reduce your carbon footprint, you may find it easier…
 




uncategorized


got an arizona dui last night, now what to do?


getting a dui is for most people one of the most frightening experiences of their life. you are likely wondering what is next now, how this dui will affect you and what it means for your future. the most important thing is to take logical steps through the dui legal process. below are some of…
 




roads


10 ways to help other motorists see you on your motorcycle


law enforcement officers frequently hear one statement on the scene of motorcycle accidents. that statement is made by drivers whose cars have collided with a vulnerable motorcyclist: “but i did not see that motorcycle coming.” despite these being common words after a motorcycle wreck, the responsibility for seeing motorcyclists to prevent an accident still falls…
 










dakota access pipeline, too much, too late


in the nineteenth century, we americans took over their land under the curious and clearly faulty doctrine of manifest destiny. we put the native americans on reservations, and ever since we have been whittling away at these seriously reduced holdings. a perfect example is the dakota access pipeline, a case of pipeline location mismanagement that…
 

october 12, 2016 in environmental law.	






grass is not green


it’s disturbing that so many influential environmentalists have avoided what is one of the overriding “green” issues of our time. that issue is grass. yes, ordinary yard grass, in about three ordinary subspecies, decorating the lawns of approximately 75 million american homes. not to mention all the grass surrounding apartment buildings, commercial buildings, public parks,…
 

september 10, 2016 in environmental law.	






lawns, the environment, and what’s next!


lawns have long had a treasured role in the united states. for many american homeowners, the law has represented success, physical evidence they’ve reached the dream of personal independence and middle class status. to these people, lawns signify prosperity, self-control, and freedom. not everyone agrees. many people, including ecologists, landscapers, individualists, and earth-conscious homeowners have…
 

august 26, 2016 in in your own back yard.	






reducing your carbon footprint


there’s always talk about reducing one’s carbon footprint, in order to benefit the environment, but what do you really know about your carbon footprint? a carbon footprint is the “total amount of greenhouse gases produced to directly and indirectly support human activities” and is typically expressed in equivalent tons of carbon dioxide (co2). many of…
 

july 22, 2016 in uncategorized.	






gardening for the environment


gardening is one of the ultimate spring and summer hobbies that is also full of benefits. not only has gardening proven to boost your immune system, lower your stress, and make you happier and healthier overall, but planting a garden allows you access to some of the freshest fruits and vegetables. additionally, if done mindfully,…
 

june 13, 2016 in in your own back yard, uncategorized.	






what can you do to help keep the seas trash free?


oceans are what connect all living things on earth, and they’re what keep us all alive. to say that oceans are important is an understatement – they’re vital to all beings and humankind. because we’re all connected with the ocean, we have to understand how all of our choices on this planet affect it. everyone’s…
 

may 12, 2016 in water.	






is it legal to live off grid?


many people make the bold move to go off-grid to live a more eco-friendly lifestyle and reduce their carbon footprint. by building homes with solar panels and wind turbines, off-grid residents attempt to be self-sustaining without relying on public utilities. not only are people, who choose to live the off-grid (if done properly), reducing their…
 

april 19, 2016 in environmental law.	






how will you celebrate earth day?


although we currently face a handful of environmental crises, such as global warming, air pollution, the depletion of natural resources, water pollution, and the loss of biodiversity, as a nation, country, and planet we may be better off than we could be, thanks to the inception of earth day. since april 22, 1970, earth day…
 

march 18, 2016 in around the world.	






global warming vs. donald trump


many are now asking themselves whether the phenomenon of global warming really exists and is happening, or whether it is an elaborate lie propagated by the world-wide media. you will hear many people with very differing opinions on the topic. some strongly support the theory of global warming, while others think it is just a…
 

february 23, 2016 in around the world.	






saving gas by drafting: lethal trend


over the last few years, a few showboating motorists have been experimenting with an extremely dangerous technique for saving gas. this technique is called drafting, and it’s incredible reckless. drafting is not a brand new idea, but it’s become a little more well known since the popular science television program mythbusters demonstrated that the technique…
 

february 4, 2016 in roads.	


post navigation
← older posts




search 
search



wild law tweets  tweets by @wildlaworg  


recent posts


what can you do to help the environment when you travel


premises liability insurance – environment slippery slope


eco-friendly tips for the winter


got an arizona dui last night, now what to do?


10 ways to help other motorists see you on your motorcycle


archives

november 2020
may 2020
december 2016
november 2016
october 2016
september 2016
august 2016
july 2016
june 2016
may 2016
april 2016
march 2016
february 2016
december 2015
november 2015
october 2015
september 2015
august 2015
july 2015
june 2015
may 2015
april 2015
march 2015
february 2015
january 2015
december 2014
november 2014
october 2014
september 2014
august 2014
july 2014
june 2014
may 2014
april 2014
march 2014
february 2014
february 2006
november 2005
august 2005
july 2005
january 2005

categories

agriculture

animals

around the world

business

careers

cycling

environmental law

forest

getting around

health

in your own back yard

premises liability

roads

technology

uncategorized

water

year in review


sponsors

burch, george, & germany, pc
ny personal injury attorney – david resnick
pajcic & pajcic















