






admiral boatlifts | 


































call us now: 954-968-4040linkedinmail





welcome!
services

boatlifts

brochure
topless
4 post
yacht
sidemount
personal watercraft
davit


docks
seawalls
floating docks & lifts
dredging
accessories


news
contact




      



welcome! 




who we are

admiral boatlifts marine construction has been serving the south florida area for more than two decades with honest, reliable work and fair prices.
greg valli, president of the company, has been a marine contractor for nearly 25 years and is dedicated to bringing customers the best built lifts, docks and seawalls at the best prices.
because of this we have determined not to be locked into any one manufacturer, but to offer our customers the best from each manufacturer.  we use only the best grades of wood for our docks (click here to lean more) and take great pride in our seawall work.  we offer commercial discounts for all marinas, condos and owners of large waterfront property.  we also provide free inspections and comprehensive assessments of any repairs that may be needed.  one of our best values is our annual preventative maintenance program, which will help you to avoid costly emergency repair and will keep your tenants and guests form injury due to lack of maintenance.
annual inspection consists of:

in-water seawall foundation inspection, determining possible loss of fill and current condition of seawall
in-water inspection determining possible toredo worm infestation and possible wood erosion
dock safety inspection determining load capacity on existing frame and checking for possible rusted frame, anchor supports and loose deck boards
boatlift safety inspection determining the condition of power units, cable alignment and electrolysis


use our expertise to evaluate and maintain the condition of your waterfront property by planning today for the needs of tomorrow.




what we do

convenience in boating is the ability to put your vessel in the water with the flip of a switch without having to leave your property. you can save on the high cost of bottom paint, hull cleaning, zinc replacement and a marina hauling your boat in and out of the water.
admiral boatlifts marine construction, inc. offers a multitude of boatlifts from 500# to 120,000# capacity, whether your preference is hot-dipped galvanized steel or 6061 t-6 marine grade aluminum. we provide side-mounted lifts, 4-post lifts, personal watercraft lifts and davits. all of these have the versatility of being mounted onto wood docks, cement docks, seawalls or other free-standing structures.
many variable exist pertaining to installation. we will suggest the best possible application to fit your needs. you can have the security of knowing your vessel is safe on your property versus a dry storage rack where it would be transferred back and forth by forklift. another benefit is the ability to maintain your drive units with fresh water cleansing, which can be easily done while your boat is on the lift.
to ensure our customer’s peace of mind, we offer a service maintenance contract for the life of the installation. warranty periods on boatlifts can be as long as 10 years!

call us for a free estimate today!




 










who we work with

ez dock
hi-tide
jet dock


testimonials click here to read what others have to say about the admiral!
frequently asked questions so may questions!
which lift?
steel or aluminum?
why choose the admiral?
what about permits?
we've got all your answers here!

contact us! 704 east atlantic boulevard
pompano beach, fl 33060
phone 954-968-4040 or
             954-984-9724
fax 954-984-8413
have questions or interested in a boatlift?  email us!








© copyright - admiral boatlifts - designed by nevermore studio













