









operazione colomba - nonviolent peace corps of the pope john xxiii community - home











 

















             










 search			 
				@ contacts			 
 subscribe to our newsletter			 
		|	
it
 




 











operazione colomba
nonviolent peace corps of the comunità papa giovanni xxiii association





 















		home			 
		about	

				history			 
				what we do			 
				how we operate			 
				nonviolent peace corps			 comunità papa giovanni xxiii association

		our projects	

		middle east	
palestine
lebanon-syria

		latin america	
colombia
chile-mapuche

		europe	
border emergency
ukraine emergency

		resources	
  gallery
videos

				contact us			 
 support us			 
























home 


















news from projects


















				the shining lights of the oscars







					11 february 2025				








news travels very fast via chat: no other land is on the oscar nomination list for best documentary for 2025.
no other land is a visual retelling of life in masafer yatta under a penetrating and extremely violent civilian and military occupation, through a difficult dialogue between the two filmmakers, basel (palestinian) and yuval (israeli), both of whom are in their first filmmaking experience.
they started working on it in 2019, vetting through the archives of operazione colomba, b’tselem and youth of sumud, to choose out of the many demolitions carried out by the israeli authorities and the numerous attacks from the israeli settlers which tapes represented the reality of occupation the most.
what emerged is a concentration of anger and frustration that perfectly communicates the reasoning behind the choice of a non-violent resistance, in which palestinian activists record every violent act, the only viable option to keep on living on their own land, because otherwise these communities would be wiped out.






					read more ...					












				to those who did not bow down






lebanon-syria



					07 february 2025				








as volunteers of operazione colomba, alongside the syrian people since 2013, we must participate in the euphoria following the surprising fall of the assad regime in syria. a regime that lasted 53 years and gripped the lives of three generations of syrians.
in these crucial days that are overtaking this country, heart and bridge between the mediterranean east and mesopotamia, we echo the stories of pain, desperation, anger, but also resistance, resilience, patience, which we have especially met in lebanon, but also in syria, turkey, greece, germany, france and italy.
our thoughts go out to these people we chose to meet and that came to life in everyone who has welcomed us and who has trusted us with their story, even as they lived it first-hand, on their own skin.
to those who confided in us “unfortunately life has assigned us this fate, we only want a future for our children”, aware of having been caught up in the events that brought them to a life as refugees.






					read more ...					












				best wishes







					24 december 2024				








"believing that you can solve human problems by killing the weakest,and because you managed to kill him, you believe you are right,because you confuse justice with power...but this is a mistake!so here is the objection of conscience,that is, my conscience says:i will never be able to participate in this!love freely,love first,love without asking for a response,love with useless love,then your life will become fruitful."don oreste benzi 











				diary from ukraine






ukraine emergency



					24 december 2024				








20 november 2024ala and bogdan, mother and son, have been in mykolaiv for a month. their home in kherson is almost completely destroyed. ala's husband, bogdan's father, died at the front a few months ago. ala held her husband's funeral alone. she has no one left here: all her relatives have fled ukraine, and she dreams of leaving too. she hopes to go to poland, but she needs money for a passport and time to learn the language.ala has the eyes of someone crushed by life, exhausted by a war that destroys almost everything. she never looks away from me, and her eyes cry out in pain.and yet, every day at the center in mykolaiv, ala cooks for all of us, making sure we've eaten.bogdan is always playing with his scooter. he is a child of war—one of those who no longer dream of becoming an astronaut or imagining their future; he simply doesn't dream anymore. his eyes are flat, fixed on the only tangible reality he knows: playing with his scooter and holding on to his mother.bogdan is 9 years old. he desperately needs to see that there is more to life beyond the war, his father's death, his destroyed home, and his scooter. he needs to know that he, too, can dream of becoming anything he wants—that there is a future for him. bogdan needs the gaze of a child who believes in dreams again.






					read more ...					












				nothing to celebrate






palestine



					11 november 2024				








wires with lighted bulbs swing suspended over the neat rows of chairs where all the guests are taking their seats. some of them are very elegant, some in flip-flops, one man arrives on the back of a donkey, and another parks his tractor next to the cars. the atmosphere reminds that of a village festival, men greet each other, some faces are familiar to all, the ladies and younger boys and girls sit to one side, all well-dressed for the occasion. in front of everyone stands a banner celebrating the presence of operazione colomba in the area: 20 years of solidarity and continuous support in defending human rights in the south hebron hills.
there are five of us here - four adults and a little girl - representing dozens and dozens of volunteers who over these 20 years have accompanied and protected the palestinian communities of masafer yatta from the violence of the israeli occupation, from the prevarication of settlers and soldiers who unfortunately continue to besiege the area. i feel the incredible privilege of participating in this celebration, i am the newest arrived here, and nevertheless i enjoy the unconditional affection and gratitude that others before me have obtained through years of nonviolent accompaniment of shepherds under the scorching sun and nights spent awake on the rooftop of the house closest to the havat ma'on outpost. i am very lucky to be here, and i also feel a little out of place, as if i am usurping the place of those who would be more entitled than me to receive all this gratitude.






					read more ...					








more articles ...



			un - interactive dialogue with the expert mechanism on the rights of indigenous peoples



			un - annual roundtable dedicated to the rights of indigenous peoples



			ritsona camp residents left stranded



			report - may 2024



			i'm tired of saying: "you should come here to understand"













syrian refugees peace proposal








 subscribe toour newsletter



















operazione colomba
via mameli 547121 riminitel/fax +39.0541.29005









       









   





 













p.i. 01433850409  | informativa privacy | condizioni d'uso | cookie policy |    eccetto dove diversamente specificato, i contenuti di questo sito sono rilasciati sotto licenza creative commons attribuzione - non commerciale - non opere derivate 4.0.  creato da 43c.lab





 









 back to top







