






episcopal health services | st. john’s episcopal hospital



























































 skip to main content




episcopal health services


contact us
medical encyclopedia
icare foundation

patient portal















aboutservicesfind a doctorpatients & visitorseducationcareerslocationspay my bill 








community newsletter
take a moment to read ehs' latest community newsletter. learn about what's happening around ehs and recent community initiatives.
community newsletter







margaret o. carpenter women's center
from prenatal care to senior health, we deliver quality healthcare to meet the needs of women at every stage of life. 
women’s health center







population health programs
our population health team aims to bridge gaps in the care continuum in the far rockaway community through community health programs and other initiatives. 
learn more and sign up!







doula services
our doula team consists of 21 doulas providing non-clinical physical, mental, emotional, and educational support during the perinatal period.
learn more about doulas







wound care center
we are proud to house one of the few hyperbaric therapy programs in queens, brooklyn, and nassau county, offering a specialized approach to wound healing.
more about wound care







icare foundation
together, we are making a difference. your gift to the st. john's icare foundation helps
to fund capital projects, update equipment, fund special programs and community initiatives.
support ehs through icare

















primary care




cancer services




behavioral health




women's health









primary carecancer servicesbehavioral healthwomen’s healthorthopedicsemergency medicineimagingphysical medicine & rehabilitationwound care pediatrics 




view all services






improving our community, one patient at a time.



over 110 years of community care



received the joint commission’s gold seal of approval® for primary stroke center certification



teaching hospital with 180 residents annually







1905
                        hospital opened


9,178
                        in patient visits in 2023


46,253
                        er visits in 2023


89,988
                        ambulatory visits in 2023




















the st. john’s icare foundation fosters a culture of philanthropy to secure, manage and distribute gifts in support of the mission and vision of episcopal health services/st. john’s episcopal hospital.



ehs/icare
together we rise video

give now








ehs/icare together we rise video









news & stories







national women physicians day
read the story







ehs reflects on the life and resilience of holocaust survivor raisa feldfuks
read the story







episcopal health services’ honors dr. king, jr.’s legacy with “gospel on the rock”
read the story







st. john’s medical group welcomes new surgeons
read the story







hello, baby! st. john’s episcopal hospital welcomes first baby of 2025
read the story







st. john’s icare foundation spreads joy with community toy giveaway
read the story







training the trainers: st. john’s episcopal hospital prepares for nurse residency program
read the story







episcopal health services appoints chief social impact officer
read the story







st. john’s icare foundation receives grant from amazin’ mets foundation
read the story







st. john’s episcopal hospital rn supports far rockaway families on and off the clock
read the story



















































 718-869-7000                    

 327 beach 19th st, far rockaway, ny 11691                    










about episcopal health services
about us
contact us
covid-19 resources
newsletter sign-up
volunteer



careers
working for ehs
job postings


for employees
employee portal
employee health & wellness
download horizon client


for patients
price transparency
medical encyclopedia
compliance & patient privacy
medical records request
notice of nondiscrimination and accessibility








