













home | student life












    skip to main navigation


    skip to main content

















menu










student life











main navigation


home


about


annual report


dean of students


mission, vision, goals


research and assessment


staff


student of concern


what we do




services


academic, financial, personal assistance


departments


domestic partner services


help request forms


leadership opportunities


mental health & well-being


new student & transition programs




resources


class attendance


link directory


mental health (for faculty)


parent & family


room reservation


student handbook


talking with college students about alcohol




awards/events


alvin m. ferst award


friends of student life award


staff award of excellence


commencement speaker


dean of students 100th anniversary


speaker request - john stein










gt: utility links


request assistance


referral form


student engagement and well-being












search


search


























home




















 








welcome to student life at georgia tech!
student life has a rich and strong history of providing student support services and co-curricular learning opportunities that help our diverse student community acquire and apply life-learning skills. the division supports the mission of georgia tech by enhancing the student experience through programs and services that focus on student transition, learning, leadership, wellness and success, as well as student and parent engagement.













academic, financial, personal assistance 
our division provides a number of services to assist students with medical and personal emergencies. to access these services during regular business hours, students and/or their families may notify the office at (404) 894-2565. in the event of an after-hours emergency, individuals should contact the georgia tech police department at (404) 894-2500 and request that the “dean on call” be contacted.


get help now











departments 
the division departments and the associate vice president for student life and brandt-fritz dean of students chair office  assists students in the resolution of problems, provides information about, and referral to campus resources, and promotes initiatives that address students’ needs and interests.


explore our departments











mental health & well-being 
if you or someone you know could benefit from a getting some help - whether that be involvement in a student organization, letting some steam out at the crc, or getting professional counseling services – check out the resources we have available for you to maintain a balanced, healthy lifestyle. our staff is committed to helping students thrive at tech!


resources & services













the division of student life offers many opportunities for students to learn and practice effective leadership skills that can be applied to all areas of their personal and professional lives!


leadership opportunities











the office of new student & transition programs supports new and continuing student success in the georgia tech community through a wide range of programs.


new student & transition programs 











on this page you will find the dean of students assistance request and the faculty/staff student referral form.


help request forms














commencement student reflection speaker information session


 one student will be selected for each commencement ceremony to present an inspirational two to three minute speech. all graduating students are welcome to apply for the role of student reflection speaker for their ceremony. register for the information session to learn more about this opportunity!




register now











commencement speaker applications

make your mark on georgia tech's history by addressing your fellow classmates at your upcoming commencement ceremony!
student commencement speaker - apply here



 

 










 blank space (medium)(text and background only visible when logged in)






 




more information






 blank space (medium)(text and background only visible when logged in)







news


 


reorganized canvas site provides easy access to health and wellness resources
 oct 14, 2024

student engagement and well-being, in partnership with the college of engineering (coe), has launched a newly reorganized canvas site designed to connect students with health- and wellness-related resources on campus.created in 2020 by the coe… 
read more  


 







 




campus community invited to come together during georgia tech suicide prevention week 
 aug 28, 2024

suicide prevention week is sept. 9-13








week of welcome introduces new yellow jackets to the swa
 jun 4, 2024

week of welcome brings excitement and fun to new students coming to campus.








alcohol awareness month promotes safe decisions
 mar 28, 2024

april is alcohol awareness month.








new mental health services for students
 feb 23, 2024

georgia tech has partnered with uwill to provide students with additional support.



 










 blank space (medium)(text and background only visible when logged in)



events


 





            wednesday
        


                feb
            

                26
            

                2025
            
 
 





healing flow yoga




12:00pm - 1:00pm




 


























georgia institute of technology
north avenueatlanta, ga 30332
                    
+1 404.894.2000

campus map









general


directory


employment


emergency information










legal


equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and anti-harassment policy


legal & privacy information


human trafficking notice


title ix/sexual misconduct


hazing public disclosures


accessibility


accountability


accreditation


report free speech and censorship concern














© 2025 georgia institute of
      technology



gt login






 


  
 








