






lilja's library - the world of stephen king






 























newshome/newsarchive/searchrelease liststoriesbooksus coversshort storiescomicsmoviesfeature filmstvsequelsproduced screenplaysunproduced screenplaysawardsthe actorarticlesinterviewsreviewsrichard bachmanmiscinternational kingclassic kinglinksmarv's museumfun stuffabout/contacthistorydonatecontact   













latest news
the long walk almost doneposted: february 13, 2025, 23:07section: film » the long walkthe long walk doesn't have a release date yet, but it sounds like it won't be long before it does. when asked about how far along he is with the current cut, director francis lawrence answered:

"we're almost done. actually, that's why i'm going to london, to do the score for it. so the cut is for the most part locked. i'm really happy with it. i think it's really unique.

it's one of — if not my favorite — stephen king novels. it was something that actually crossed my desk years ago, not long after i finished constantine. it was when i was doing i am legend, and i wanted to do it, but frank darabont actually scooped up the rights. people have tried to make it over the years, and never could. we just kind of cracked it; i worked with jt mollner, who did strange darling. he wrote a great draft, and it came together really quickly. i had this window, and we hit the right season to shoot it, and we put together an amazing cast. the cast is so good and the performances are great. i'm super happy with it.”
 


add or read comments
0 comments


king writes a new interpretation of hansel and gretelposted: february 13, 2025, 20:43section: book » hansel & gretel
stephen king and hansel & gretel, what a combination. hodder children’s books will release the book in september this year. the synopsis states: 

"in this book, stephen king brings his signature voice to the classic fairytale of two brave children lost in an eerie and dangerous forest. sendak’s hauntingly beautiful illustrations on every page draw readers into the deliciously daring world of hansel and gretel."

king had the following to say: 

"when i was asked if i might be interested in writing a new interpretation of hansel and gretel, bending it to fit (loosely) with set and costume designs maurice sendak had created for the humperdinck opera of the story, i was interested.


when i saw the pictures themselves, i resolved to give it a try. two of his pictures in particular spoke to me. one was of the wicked witch on her broom with a bag of kidnapped children riding behind her. the other was of the infamous candy house becoming a terrible face.

i thought, ‘this is what the house really looks like, a devil sick with sin, and it only shows that face when the kids turn their backs.’ i wanted to write that! to me, it was the essence of this story and, really, all fairytales: a sunny exterior, a dark and terrible centre, brave and resourceful children. in a way, i have been writing about kids like hansel and gretel for much of my life."


philippa pride, king’s editor at hodder & stoughton, added: 

"imagine a collaboration between the world’s ultimate storyteller and the world’s most honoured children’s book artist – that is indeed a fairytale come true."

pre-order here.



add or read comments
0 comments


hansel, gretel & the kingposted: february 13, 2025, 10:38section: book » hansel & gretelwho doesn't like the story of hansel and gretel? well, i assume king does as he has written a new introduction to the new edition being released by harpercollins and hodder children's books on september 2.

pre-order here.
thanks to herbert west 


add or read comments
0 comments


40 years ago bachman was exposedposted: february 9, 2025, 09:15_today it’s 40 years since bangor daily news released the news that stephen king and richard bachman was one and the same and just like that we got five new books; rage, the long walk, roadwork, the running man and thinner.

we also found out that the man posing as bachman on the cover of thinner was in fact richard manuel from roseville, minnesota, a suburb adjacent to st. paul and minneapolis where he worked with energy-efficient housing.

manuel was a friend of king’s literary agent, kirby mccauley and agreed to pose as bachman and according to himself he kept the secret.

”i didn't tell anybody, i was sworn to secrecy. some friends called and said 'hey, dick, there's a guy that looks like you who's writing books in new hampshire.' even my sister called and said that.”

more info about richard bachman can be found here.    	


add or read comments
0 comments


danny coughlin’s bad dream being filmedposted: february 8, 2025, 18:42section: film » danny coughlin’s bad dreamaccording to the post james ashcroft will turn danny coughlin’s bad dream into a movie. not with robert dinero as the headline indicates. question is if it’s a dollar baby or not…

late last year, ashcroft was browsing in a los angeles bookshop when he got an email.

it was from stephen king, one of the world’s most famous writers and a master of horror stories.

ashcroft had written to king some time earlier, saying how he admired the writer’s work, and wondering if there was any chance of collaborating on a project.

king said he loved the rule of jenny pen, which had just premiered at a us film festival, and mentioned he had a novella ashcroft might like to make into a movie.

the story was danny coughlin’s bad dream, published last year to widespread acclaim.

“and the next day, his agent contacted mine,” remembers ashcroft.

“and they said, ‘stephen’s been saying no to everyone for about 18 months on this one, but he said if james would like to have a go at it, it’s his.’

“so he gave it to me for a dollar.”

(king is renowned for letting promising filmmakers adapt his shorter works for a dollar, while he retains the film rights.)




add or read comments
0 comments


 more recent news

stephen king: from five decades of storytelling; italian edition
          posted: february 5, 2025, 13:56.
           section: book » stephen king: stories from five decades of storytelling 

new animal found in mid-world
          posted: january 31, 2025, 22:46.
           section: book » the talisman 3 

king on the kingcast
          posted: january 29, 2025, 13:36.
           sections: book » the talisman 3, book » never flinch 

thanks!!!
          posted: january 27, 2025, 23:46.
           _ 

king and straub talks the talisman in 1984
          posted: january 24, 2025, 15:31.
           _ 

read more news in the newsarchive









special feature





interview with stephen king 2007
part 1 - part 2 - part 3

interview with stephen king 2008
part 1 - part 2 - part 3

stephen king in london, uk 2006
stephen king in london, uk 2006 (in swedish)
stephen king in hamburg, germany 2013
stephen king in new york, usa 2017




king calendar
2025:stephen king: not just horror (german ed.)february 21, 2025:the monkey (movie)februari 2025:stephen king: stories from five decades of storytelling (italian edition)2025:stephen king: stories from five decades of storytelling (german edition)may 27, 2025:never flinchmay 2025:stephen king: stories from five decades of storytelling (czech edition)may 30, 2025:life of chuck2025:shining in the dark (german trade ed.)2025:the long walk (movie)2025:the institute (tv series)july 2, 2025:stephen king: not just horror (greek ed.)september 2, 2025:hansel & gretelseptember 2025:welcome to derry (tv series)2025:stephen king: not just horror (portuguese ed.)2025:stephen king: stories from five decades of storytelling (portuguese edition)november 7, 2025:the running man
latest interviewsangelina kekishfebruary 16, 2021aaron hayefebruary 15, 2021eli rothoctober 5, 2020latest reviewsthe extra hourjanuary 14, 2025lost (or found) in translationoctober 17, 2024salem's lotoctober 1, 2024




books
a complete list of all of stephen king's books.


author photo quiz

how well do you know your king? do the quiz!

king's best book

vote for the best stephen king book of all time...


report errors
 if you find errors considering links and images and such please report them along with detailed information about which page the error occurred.














follow on facebook
follow on instagram
follow on twitter
subscribe to the feed
support with a donation






© lilja 1996 - 2025
programing and design: anders jakobson/clearberry based on the template txt from html5 up.
logo: vincent chong.















