


  





















stuart a. rose manuscript, archives, and rare book library | emory libraries


































    skip to main content


     
    

members of the emory community, please take our 2025 emory libraries survey! your feedback is used to assess and improve our services, collections, and spaces. check your email for the survey link, and enter a raffle for prizes.

x
   


   


about


for instructors


for students


 


ask a librarian






contact






events & exhibitions






hours






maps






my library card






news/subscribe






 
         emory university stuart a. rose manuscript, archives, and rare book library   select a location   



business
cox hall
health
law
library service center
oxford
rose
science commons
theology
woodruff





             collections   back to main menu collections  african american history and culture  about the collection  robert langmuir african american photograph collection the camille billops and james v. hatch archives  emory university archives  about the collection  collecting and access policies emory web archives transferring records to the archives  literary and poetry collections  about the collections  contact history irish literary collections portal the raymond danowski poetry library  political, cultural, and social movements  about the collection  lgbtq collections  rare books  about the collection  southern history  about the collection  the emory oral history program  about the program     using rose library   back to main menu using rose library  visitor information  space use request  preparing for a research visit  making an appointment requesting materials from rose library digital archives access     research & learning   back to main menu research & learning  fellowship and award opportunities  about fellowship and award opportunities  emory graduate students emory undergraduate students visiting researchers  k-12 education  about our k-12 education program  research services  about our research services  permissions and citations reprographic services  podcasts  rose library presents  teaching and learning  teaching and learning with rose library  assignments portal faculty students     exhibitions   back to main menu exhibitions  current exhibitions  past exhibitions  request tour     about   back to main menu about  about us  by the numbers frequently asked questions (faqs) highlights of the rose our mission  diversity, equity, and inclusion  accessibility harmful language in finding aids  news and media  rose library brochure rose library magazine news and events  support the rose library  giving purchase broadsides  questions?  contact us staff directory    
          





library search

databases

ejournals

articles+

digital collections

research & course guides

finding aids

this site


library search
databases
ejournals
articles+
digital collections
research & course guides
finding aids
this site





search




back to menu






             home    stuart a. rose manuscript, archives, and rare book library    
 
 
   





library search

rose digital collections

finding aids

this site


library search
rose digital collections
finding aids
this site





search




back to menu






 
    stuart a. rose manuscript, archives, and rare book library        
  visit the library 
          planning a visit      get all of your questions answered here! find out more     
       introduction to the rose library      learn more about the rose library with instruction archivist gabrielle dudley watch     
       rose library brochure       find out more     
    
       access to rose library 
 the rose library is open for in person appointments monday-friday 10 a.m. - 4 p.m.
masks are optional indoors in most spaces on emory’s campuses. please see the university guidelines pertaining to mask requirements. 
you can register, request materials, and make an appointment via your special collections request account. contact us for a research or teaching consultation at rose.library@emory.edu or 404-727-6887.
for more information about our researcher policies please visit our "using the reading room" webpage.


    

  researcher resources 
         hours      reading room: 10am - 4pm monday-friday, by appointment only.  
      reprographic services      request photocopies or digital reproductions.  
      visit us      register, request materials, and make an appointment.  
    
           contact us      place a request, ask a question, or inform us of your visit.  
      

  what's happening at the library 
       douglass day transcribe-a-thon 
           

 
  find out more     

    
rose library blog

february 10, 2025

tracing battles over buildings in the civil war south

january 16, 2025

celebrate douglass day 2025 with emory libraries!

january 13, 2025

cairo, illinois: the handwriting on the wall

december 4, 2024

announcement: now accepting applicants for rose library’s 2025 research fellowships

november 21, 2024

seeing themselves: education and black women activism during the mississippi movement


view all

 
    




     


about


instructors


events & exhibits


accessibility services


maps


hours


emory libraries news


contact


      
 


materials


tools


services


research


using the library


employment


support emory libraries


emergency


diversity, equity, and inclusion


                           
     
version v2.0.12
 updated jan 02 2025



    copyright © 2025  emory university - all rights reserved. privacy policy copyright statement 201 dowman drive, atlanta, georgia 30322 404.727.6123

  







