


lrrp/rangers for the 1st cavalry division in the vietnam war












































































































































































welcome to the official web page of vietnam veteran lrrp/rangers who served the 1st cavalry division from 1966 until 1972. we proudly served our country along with the 1st cavalry division as members of lrrp det. 191 mi, lrrp det. hhc, co. e (lrp) 52nd infantry (abn), co. h (ranger) 75th infantry (abn), or hhc det. 10 (ranger) of the 1st cavalry division (am) during combat operations in the republic of vietnam.



in 1972 h/75 was deactivated at ft. hood, texas after the 1st cavalry division returned from vietnam. in 1974, our colors were reactivated and redesignated hhc 2d ranger battalion. our unit lineage and honors are now carried proudly by 2d ranger battalion of the 75th ranger regiment.

fifteen years following the end of the war we had our first reunion at ft. hood in killeen, texas. we have had more than 18 reunions since 1987 all across america. 









2020 1st cav reunion 












unit newsletter







bob ankony web page tribute by his son 










unit only guestbook is active!








new - poetry by unit members








you will be able to access this photo viewing site by clicking on the link above
 (the yellow box with lrrp legacy in it).







new - books by unit members







take a look at the new tribute page






 jon varesko's tribute 


 rudy torres' tribute










play the ranger song audio clip








vietnam picture index

tribute to fallen brothers

current officers

capt. james audio

stories






bill's story

ranger yearbook

recondo

original lrrp's

unit only guestbook






unit news

visitors guestbook is now closed






contact us







2009 lrrp/ranger reunion




2008 lrrp/ranger reunion photos









valorous unit award





valorous unit award




valorous unit award







republic of vietnam cross of gallantry with palm

 


republic of vietnam cross of gallantry with palm





republic of vietnam cross of gallantry with palm





republic of vietnam cross of gallantry with palm









republic of vietnam civic action honor medal, first class



























