

































    
    friendship christian school
  
  












          


       home



  academics



  admissions



  alumni



  arts



  athletics


   camps





  calendars


   schoolwide calendar



  all calendars



  athletic calendars



  year at a glance



  athletic week at a glance



  athletic camps



  baseball



  basketball



  bowling



  cross country



  football



  golf



  science olympiad



  soccer



  softball



  swimming



  tennis



  theatre



  track



  volleyball



  wrestling





  college


   college acceptance



  college reps





  contact



  current students and parents



  employment



  give



  grandparents day



  history



  meet us


   faculty



  our leadership team





  science olympiad


   invitational





  social media



  spiritual formation


   statement of faith





  tickets



  state of love



  weather






 follow us     

 

 

 




 contact us
   name:

 email:

 phone:

 message:







thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.

  

call us




  





       






 



        we want to be part of your amazing story. 
 



     

get started!

 our mission
 friendship christian school exists to cultivate strong faith and strong minds in its students; connecting the heart and the mind by delivering exceptional academics presented through a christian worldview. our vision to graduate 100% of our students prepared to successfully meet the demands of a post-secondary education world – both academically and spiritually. why we do what we do we believe that offering exceptional academics, arts, athletics, and service, presented through a christian worldview, is the greatest way to prepare students for all aspects of life.


   
what sets us apart friendship christian school distinguishes itself in academics, arts, and athletics with high scores, accolades, and championships; but, more importantly, our students share their christian values and god-given talents through service to others. mission projects, both locally and internationally, give our students the opportunity to serve and the ability to make a difference.mission videosclean water well celebration - tanzania 2021statement of faith 



    


 

  




   academics 
most high schools prepare you for your first semester of college.we help you skip it.   

read more



 arts 
fcs nurtures the arts by offering a variety of opportunities for students to express themselves.  from performing arts and visual arts to band, students have many opportunities to unveil talent and embrace imagination.   

read more



 athletics 
we have 30 state championshipsin the last 20 years.over 80% of middle
and 95% of high school students participate in a sport at fcs.    

read more



 spiritual formation 
our strong christian values are what really set us apart. students share their god-given talents by being actively involved in missions and service to their community both locally and globally.   

read more





     

read more




   what our parents think


   “academics and athletics operate at their highest level when covered by faith and that’s exactly what you get at friendship christian school. they live up to their motto…strong faith, strong minds." judd s., elementary & middle school parent
 “from that first moment, we stepped inside fcs, we knew we were where we belong! we were welcomed with open hearts and arms, and that feeling still holds true today. mason, absolutely loves fcs!” paula b., high school parent
 “my kids are thriving here! they love going to school and the kids are so friendly!” jamie c., middle & high school parent


   what our students think


   matalyn e.united states military academy at west point"i am grateful to fcs for preparing me well for the academic, spiritual, and character-based challenges faced in a rigorous university environment. during my first year at the united states military academy at west point, the academic preparation, content knowledge, and exposure to advanced subjects that i received at fcs were equal to or ahead of my peer group.however, my greatest strength, thus far, has been my ability to excel in the less tangible arenas such as persistence, self-motivation, and disciplined time management.
i credit my experiences at fcs for these successes and my ability to thrive in one of the most strenuous university environments in the world. fcs has ensured my well-roundedness which in turn has allowed me to better live out the west point motto of 'duty, honor, country'."
 isaac v.lipscomb universitymechanical engineering"at a time in my life when i was struggling with purpose, coach welch helped me discover, from scripture, that our ultimate god-given purpose is to glorify god with our lives.coach armstrong, on the other hand, taught me what it means to walk that out, practically, on a daily basis.without the influence of those two men and the example they set for me, i wouldn’t be where i am now, and i definitely wouldn’t be who i am in my faith now."mckayla s.lipscomb university“i  graduated from college in three years due to the 29 college credits i earned at fcs.”
 alex p.vanderbilt university“i attended vanderbilt university as a chemistry major on a full-tuition scholarship with a stipend for summer research. the excellent science and math background i received at fcs helped make this possible.”anna belle g.university of tennessee (medical school ut health & science center fall '22)
"friendship christian school helped me develop a strong foundation in my faith by surrounding me with christian community, an environment that i did not realize was rare until my high school years were over.
i believe that reliable council is necessary as a christian, and fcs showed me how to model those relationships."






   

give now!


      contact us 5400 coles ferry pike,lebanon, tn 37087   

call us


 every donormakes a difference   

give


  let’s connect
     

 

 

 




  

get started!




    


  


  




    

 




    
 ©
copyright 

fcs




















































































































  
  share by:








