



	capitol hill seventh-day adventist church | located at 914 massachusetts ave ne
















 














page updated!

×



your page has been updated and a back up was created for the previous version.


close














about us

welcomewho we arecore commitmentsour history meet the senior pastorpastoral team admin teamfind us

worshipconnect

calendarinvite a friendspecial eventsprayerprayer wallcontact pastoral team 

growservegiveministries

ministry hubchildrenteensyoung adultsmen womenforever youngolder adultshealth lifestlyles

media

messagesphoto gallerywatch online

resources

chc ministry leader resourcesresources that may helptotal member involvement journal











resources

chc ministry leader resourcesresources that may helptotal member involvement journal

media

messagesphoto gallerywatch online

ministries

ministry hubchildrenteensyoung adultsmen womenforever youngolder adultshealth lifestlyles

giveservegrowconnect

calendarinvite a friendspecial eventsprayerprayer wallcontact pastoral team 

worshipabout us

welcomewho we arecore commitmentsour history meet the senior pastorpastoral team admin teamfind us
































"be devoted to one another in love. [romans 12:10].”  we help you learn to worship god our creator, connect with a community of caring and loving believers, grow your relationship with jesus, serve those in need, and give to sow into his kingdom.  learn about jesus who we are





worship with us







saturday
sabbath school
10:00 am in-person(virtual starts at 9:30 am)








saturday
worship experience
11:30 am(virtual & in-person)








wednesday
in the word
7:00 pm(virtual only)





 
welcomefind usinvite a friend









watch online








 we have a place for you













connect with us







grow with us
through services, classes, groups and one-on-one bible lessons, your spiritual education and development can thrive.



here to serve
together we can make a difference. bring your god-given talent and we can help someone in need in the community.



join a small group
 interact with others with similar interests like learning about jesus, the bible, serving in ministry, and healthy living. 


subscribe via text subscribe via email


events calendar
feb15sabbath school: in person (10 am) & online (9:30 am)come study the word with us as we continue “building on the rock.” join us for sabbath&nbs...
feb17joy in the morningevery monday in 2025 start the day off with joy in the morning! it's a power-packed, devotional at 6:30 a...
feb18faithfacts online group bible studywant to learn more about the bible? how to apply the bible to your daily decisions? join us and others fr...
feb20faithfacts online group bible studywant to learn more about the bible? how to apply the bible to your daily decisions? join us and others fr...
full calendar invite a friend




contact usprayer request





© copyright 2025, capitol hill sda church, all rights reserved.



top



















