ï»¿charming bay front resort in dewey beach | bay resortskip to content   toggle navigation    call us today 1-302-227-6400 homeaccommodationsspecials & packagesamenitiesfaqgroupsarea guidedo deweykid's activitiesbreweries & wineriesentertainmentcontactsunset webcamcall us today 1-302-227-6400 book now×make a reservationhave a question?1.302.227.6400check in ) check out  adults  children  book now escape to our bayside resortdiscover the charm of coastal delaware from our tranquil cove. unwind by the pool, enjoy breathtaking sunsets, cast a line, or paddle through the serene bay waters. with waterfront dining, stunning beaches, and vibrant entertainment just moments away, your bay resort escape offers the perfect getaway. choose from spacious rooms featuring picturesque bay or pool views.   accommodationsa stunning bayside location, upscale amenities, and comfortable efficiency rooms await at bay resort. stay in beach accommodations featuring private balconies; kitchenettes that include a sink, microwave, mini-fridge, coffee pot, basic dishware, and flatware in most rooms; large flat-screen tvs; and free wi-fi. learn more amenitiesbay views are just the start of what you’ll love at bay resort. play all day swimming in our seasonal pool and fishing or crabbing off our private pier. wind down with long walks on our secluded, cove side beach, or relaxing at dusk and cooking with our bayside grill. learn more questions..?you’ve got questions. we’ve got answers, even before we unveil our oasis of style, personality, and transparency.. start with the common questions with uncommon answers - click below. learn more around the resortbay resort’s private cove in dewey beach is a three-minute walk to the ocean, and rich with verdant state parks and trails, shopping and dining, eco-tours and thrilling water activities – all nearby. nighttime welcomes you to local breweries and wineries, waterfront restaurants and family-friendly bonfires.area guide image slide1 link to larger image man on kayak in bay  image slide2 link to larger image   image slide3 link to larger image friends at the outdoor tiki bar  image slide4 link to larger image  keep in touch!stay connected for promotions, announcements, & more!    yes, i would like to receive updates.  get updates     ×guest reviewslove bay resort rating: 5 out of 5 starsour stay at bay resort was fantastic as always. the view of the bay is breathtaking. the room is clean and comfortable. it is located in a quiet area, but walking distance to awesome places to eat and drink.reviewed by guest on april 2024 via hotels.comsunset on the bay rating: 5 out of 5 starsthe finest accommodations dewey beach has to offer. exceptional room, with a full kitchen, so comfortable, centrally located close to the beach, shops and restaurants, a wonderful staff and general manager{tammy} that will make your stay a memorable one, beautifully landscaped property right on the bay and the bayside rooms with ur private patio offer the most amazing views 24/7. capture the sunsets every evening enjoying the sunset right out your back door!! sooo highly recommended!!!reviewed by guest on april 2024 via tripadvisorlovely place to stay. outstanding staff! rating: 5 out of 5 stars+ lovely location- and would consider myself a local living in the same county. views are outstanding!- nothing i did not like about the property.reviewed by guest on april 2024 via booking.comwill go back again! rating: 5 out of 5 starsrooms are clean. staff is fantastic. not our first time there and will go back again.reviewed by guest on april 2024 via google link to map on google maps  enter your email address    the bay resort waterfront hotel, dewey beach  126 bellevue street  dewey beach, delaware 19971 united states    phone:  1-302-227-6400  stay connected  bay resort facebook    bay resort tripadvisor    follow bay resort on instagram professionally managed by  blue water development.hotel website designbyvizergyphoto galleryfaqcontact usweb accessibilitysitemap call us location book now