



gold jewelry

















 contact us
  our store 
  precious metal calculator 
  gold measurements 
      where to buy gold 
  testing gold 

  should i sell my gold?  
      
      
  
	
	    more >>     facts about gold    buying gemstones        buying gold     buying and selling coins   watches    examples of thai design  links  




















 



 

gold jewelry
 
 thai 

                gold goes back a long way. in the past there were extensive gold 

                mines in thailand. indeed the word siam, as thailand was originally 

                called, means 'gold' in sanskrit; the indians called it suvannabhumi 

                ( land of gold ), and the chinese jin lin ( peninsula of gold 

                ). the gold trade, which stretches back about 2000 years, was 

                probably the first contact that thailand had with the outside 

                world. suphanburi (province of gold) in central thailand and nearby 

                utong (plentiful gold) may have been centres of the gold industry. 

                

gold and 

                buddhism

 gold has a religious significance for thais. in buddhist literature, 

                both pali and sanskrit, the buddha is described as having skin 

                of gold. a golden complexion is the eleventh of the 32 characteristics 

                of the buddha. many buddha images in thailand are made of gold 

                and gold leaf is stuck onto buddha images as part of religious 

                rituals. the largest buddha image in the world is the golden buddha, 

                now housed in wat trimitr. it is made of pure gold and weighs 

                over 5 tons making it worth around $61 million just for the gold. 

              

gold artwork 

                originated from craftsmen in the royal palaces. craftsmanship 

                was developed through the ages and during the lawo period, queen 

                chammadevi journeyed from lawo (presently lop buri province) which 

                was the center of the khmer kingdom in the ayutthaya bain, to 

                be enthroned as the queen of haripunchai (lampoon province). her 

                majesty was accompanied by 500 goldsmiths, silversmiths, ironsmiths 

                and othe smiths, demonstrating how important craftsmen were in 

                building an empire and beautifying a city.
srivichai 

                period

 during 

                the srivichai period, goldsmiths knew how to make gold foil for 

                use in buddhist religious ceromonies, as more and more buddha 

                statues were gold plated. of the gold ornaments produced, gold 

                beads were made in the south and central regions, while in the 

                lop buri period, various objects used in religious ceremonies 

                and utensils were gold plated. 
sukhothai 

                period (1249 - 1438) 
the 

                engraved slabs at wat si chum in sukhothai, illustrating the jataka 

                tales (which relate the previous lives of the historical buddha), 

                show figures wearing elaborate

                adornments, including necklaces and crowns. the 1292 inscription 

                attributed to

                king ramkamhaeng specifically allows free trade in silver and 

                gold, although the

                wearing of gold was restricted by sumptuary laws to the nobility 

                and free use

                of bold ornamentation was allowed only from the mid-19th century, 

                under king

                rama v.


                during the sukhothai period, more gold was beaten into flat, thin 

                sheets to cover buddha statuettes and goldsmiths knew how to goldplate 

                large buddha statues, for example, prabuddhachinnarat, prabuddha 

                sihing, prasrisakkaya munee and prachinnasri. gold foil was used 

                to plate bronze and other metallic buddha statues. ornaments were 

                however simple, smooth and with minimal designs. gold caskets 

                and boxes with small replicas of pagodas made of gold to contain 

                relics have been found. gold utensils were rare. 

ayutthaya 

                period (1350 - 1767)


                during the ayutthaya period, gold played a major role in the constructions 

                of buddha statues, temples and places, so much so that it was 

                considered the golden age of gold. gold foil was used to cover 

                the spires of palaces, pagodas and finials on the roof ridges 

                and buddha statues. 

the ayutthayan period was the high point of thai gold jewelry 

                design. nicholas gervais, a french jesuit missionary writing in 

                the late 17th century was of the opinion that "siamese goldsmiths 

                are scarcely less skilled than ours. they make thousands of little 

                gold and silver ornaments, which are the most elegant objects 

                in the world. nobody can damascene more delicately than they nor 

                do filigree work better. they use very little solder, for they 

                are so skilled at binding together and setting the pieces of metal 

                that it is difficult to see the joints."
gold work was revived under king rama i in bangkok after the 

                defeat at ayutthaya, and foreign visitors frequently noted the 

                enthusiasm of wealthy thais for gold ornament. yet this very enthusiasm 

                may ultimately have played a part in the decline of traditional 

                thai gold smithing, for during the 19th century, when king rama 

                v became the first monarch to travel abroad, a number of foreign 

                jewelers set up branches in bangkok, including faberge. chinese 

                immigrant goldsmiths catered to clients with less refined tastes. 

                the norwegian traveler carl bock wrote in 1888: “the manufacture 

                of gold and silver jewelry, which is

                carried on to a large extent in bangkok, is entirely in the hands 

                of the chinese.” 


gold industry today
today 

                gold is an important part of thailand's jewelry industry which 

                is the kingdom's second largest export. the main export destinations 

                are hong kong, japan and the united states. the export jewelery, 

                however, is chiefly gem-set using 10, 14 and 18 karat gold settings. 

                thailand is the second largest jewelry exporter in the world exporting 

                officially 100 billion bahts worth of jewelry each year although 

                this figure probably understates the true size of the industry 

                as a large amount is smuggled out of the country to avoid taxes.
the kingdom imports 100 tonnes of gold on average a year. the 

                figure could go up to 150 tonnes during an economic boom. about 

                20-30% of imports are for re-export.
 
there are 60 gold wholesalers in bangkok and 3 outside. thailand 

                has around 6000 small gold shops. 
the 

                gold  mines are now exhausted but a recent discovery was 

                made at pichit. owned 

                by australia's kingsgate consolidated through 

                its thai subsidiary akara mining, the 

                chatree mine is one of the world's lowest cost and most profitable 

                operations. 
gold and the 

                dowry
traditionally dowries, or sinsot, were paid in the form of gold 

                ornaments. today the dowry may be given as cash or gold.
 presents of gold jewelry are given to thais at all stages of 

                life from childhood onwards. 

         
		 

              
thai gold ornaments
 
  








 
  

 pricing gold  
 
 thais use a unique unit of measurement for weighing gold, the  

                "baht"  which is precisely 15.244 grams before the gold is 

                worked or 15.16 grams after. most gold shops will display on their 

                windows the current buying and selling price of a "baht" of gold 

                bullion of 96.5% purity.  gold can also be measured in "satangs" and "salungs". 

                100 satangs = 1 baht and 25 satangs = 1 salung.
1 baht in approximately half an ounce of gold (1 troy ounce = 31.1034768 

                grams) so a rough and ready way to calculate the value is to divide 

                the price of gold in ounces by 2.


                the baht is also the thai currency unit which is somewhat confusing! 

                
 
100% gold is considered too soft for jewelry. in the past, perhaps 

                40 years ago, most gold was 98% pure, with the joints and other 

                delicate parts being made of an alloy called nam prasam tong. 

                nowadays most gold sold in thailand is 96.5% purity which is just 

                over  23 karat. the remaining 

                3.5% consists of silver and bronze.  some is 98% which is 

                called 24 karat and in some shops  they sell 20 or 18 karat 

                gold. the company gold master sells 99% pure gold. prima gold, 

                which is a subsidiary of pranda jewelry sells 99.99% pure gold; 

                they are also the market leader in 24k white gold. there are no shops selling prima gold in the us as yet, but you 

                can buy it through the tv shopping channels. 

there is no  hallmarking system in thailand 

although random checks are made periodically on gold shops to determine

the purity of the gold.

 in department stores you will  have to pay 7% sales tax. 

                however in many gold shops you will not have to pay any tax.


 
 
 
   
  

                





 
   
 












