


coconut oil online-home of coconut oil supremeâ„¢









 




 coconut oil online




 home of coconut oil
                supremeâ„¢




 providing the world's best coconut oil since
                2001.




 937.456.9393






 

home of coconut oil supremeâ„¢


- welcome to the coconut oil info guide -
(your source for premium
      coconut oil supremeâ„¢ since 2001.)
now that you have found this website there are several reasons that it would be
worth your while to spend some time here.

you have found the source of the best virgin coconut oil available anywhere at any
    price, coconut oil supremeâ„¢. you have also found a source for information about the benefits of making coconut
    oil a regular part of your diet as well as considerable information about the various types of coconut oil
    which are available and the methods used to produce them. 

 

if you are already using another brand of virgin coconut oil and are just stopping by to
    compare prices, you might want to spend a little more time and learn about what makes coconut oil supremeâ„¢
    unique among all of the virgin oils which are available. learn why the "virgin" oil you are currently
    buying may not be what you think it is.  you will find our quality is unmatched by any other
    coconut oil.  we charge $2.50 for a sample in the online store, but if you give me a call, i'd be
    happy to send you one at no charge!   (we have found that putting anything "for free" online is a
    sure-fire way to have a lot of people requesting samples who are interested in nothing more than getting some
    mail with something free inside) 

 





go to coconut oil online store
 
coconut oil supremeâ„¢ in 32 fl. oz. pet
                      jar. (view)

coconut oil supremeâ„¢ in 32 fl. oz. glass jar. (view)

other items of interest:
we invite you to visit
                our magnetic therapy supplies
                   website !




 





place an order at coconut oil online or view product descriptions and pricing.
                (for shipment to a u.s.a. address.)




browse articles about the health benefits of coconut oil



browse articles with general info about coconut oil. tips for buying oil; adding
                coconut oil to your diet; coconut oil for pets; coconut oil hype; etc. the original coconut
                oil info guide.



recipes using coconut and coconut oil supremeâ„¢.



warning! learn why the "virgin" oil
                you are currently buying may not be what you think it is.



if you are looking for specific information, please browse the menu at left or use the search
feature. if you can't find what you are looking for, feel free to contact us by email  .
 don't have time to browse now?  add to favorites. 
 





click here to learn about or
                      subscribe to our
                 coconut oil newsletter





 
 
what users are saying about
      coconut oil
      supremeâ„¢
visit our customer photo gallery.
i'm back to buying the best! i tried another brand
      coconut oil brand claiming to be "virgin" and highest quality - it was terrible & tasted like soap!! i
      forced myself to choke down 16oz before relegating the rest to cooking oil status. just *thinking* about
      making my morning "butter coffee" with your sweet coconut oil supreme again makes me feel happy! though i
      thought to save $, it ended up being a costly mistake & hard-to-swallow lesson!
      c.b.
bought several coconut oils from health food stores.
      although they were organic, the smell and taste were awful and had to throw them out. when i saw the sample
      size of coconut supreme i thought it was perfect to try first before spending money on a product i wasn't
      sure of. (customer who first bought sample.) m.s.
i am a nurse, i had a patient a few nights ago who let me
      use some of her coconut oil supreme after i commented on how nice her lotion smelled. she wanted me to get an
      extra medication cup and fill it with a few scoops to take home and try. i love how it moisturizes my over
      dry over washed nursing hands. i am going to try it in my dog's food also, he is always itchy. i will let you
      know! i am also purchasing a jar for my mother who has a lot of allergies to products. thanks!!
      a.d.
my husband and i love this product! we've tried other
      coconut oils and none of them match the quality and taste. we also love that it is available in such a large
      quantity! s.s.
i am ordering these two samples and having them sent to
      one of my dearest friends because i want her to try these two products. i have become a walking
      'advertisement' for coconut oil supreme!! ... i am a repeat customer
      because i love, love, love your products! d. w.
this is my second order. yours is the
first coconut oil i have tried, but i can't imagine any other company's product being better. your cococnut oil
supreme has such a delicate flavor. i use it now also as a skin moisturizer and have fallen in love with it's
ultra-light fragrance. wish i had discovered your company sooner! linda d.
you offer the best selection with the highest quality.
i love this company ...i've been a long time customer and absolutely
love your products. i highly recommend to anyone who asks. you're the best out there. for me quality far exceeds
the cost! s.n.
you carry the absolute best coconut based products
available, and your coconut oil is head and shoulders better than any other oil available. s.j.
thanks for your good work in making this good oil
available online... i luv the coconut oil from your store -- its clarity and and smooth consistency (almost like
water), fresh natural taste and mild fragrance, and quality is the best one i've found... it's the best of the
best!! a regular / longtime customer now, sharon s.
just wanted to say i love your coconut oil. i have
been trying several brands and i bought a small quantity from each. i noticed how crystal clear your oil is when
it's in its melted state. the other oils were yellow, cloudy or just disgusting looking. thanks for a great product
and will be ordering again soon. m.s.
you have the most delicious tasting coconut oil i have
ever tasted. i tried 5 different brands. you're the best!
fabulous product - much better flavor than other oil
available.
now i know what real coconut oil should taste
like.
thank you for being a great source for the best oil on
earth!
thank you for your great product and wonderful
service.
tried them all and yours is the
best.
read more comments.

 
 








home of coconut oil online

what is happening at coconut oil online?

site map

about coconut oil online

nutritional facts for coconut products

about coconut oil supremeâ„¢

health benefits

general  coconut oil info

recipes and tips

how to order - shipping

â—¦ shipping alaska, hawaii & virgin islandsâ—¦ free shipping

contact coconut oil online

return / refund policy

testimonials from our customers



subscribe to
   newsletter
view cart
checkout







 

products 

copyright 2001-2020 mweise services, llc





