











catholic charities boston - providing help and hope to all those in need



































































skip to main content

 

donate 
menu button






what we do
about us

about us
locations
faqs
leadership
join our team


impact
news & updates
ways to give

ways to give
labouré spring reception
spring celebration
volunteer
planned giving


contact
donate














family & youth services
child care services
sunset point camp
teen center & after school programs
healthy families, parent, & elder programs
post-adoption search
 


basic needs
food assistance
shelters
emergency living assistance
counseling services
 


refugee & immigrant services
refugee resettlement
interpreter services
community sponsorship
immigrant legal services
 


adult education & workforce development
esol (english for speakers of other languages)
high school equivalency programs
nursing assistant and it training
 












help keep families together and safeyour support will ensure that we can continue to respond to families in crisis with dignity and compassion. 
donate today 








latest news and updates 





newshow to support la wildfire relief efforts 




newsin the globe: the potential impact of elder care in ma 




mental healthself-care and community at the heart of programs aimed at supporting families impacted by substance use 











we help people in need across eastern massachusetts by providing a variety of services that aim to stabilize families and lead to self-sufficiency.our programs 






family & youth servicesstrong families create strong communities. we provide childcare, after school programs, family and elder support, and post-adoption services.
find out more  




basic needssometimes you need a hand to build or rebuild your life. find out more about our food and living assistance, shelters, and counseling services.
get assistance  




refugee & immigrant servicesupon arriving in boston, we help individuals and families integrate into society and offer support with resettlement, legal, and interpreter services.
find help  




adult education & workforce developmenteducation supports self-sufficiency. our programs include english for speakers of other languages, job training, and high school equivalency support.
get educated  













our locations20+ program locations in the greater boston areacatholic charities boston has five main hubs in dorchester, lynn, brockton, lowell, and south boston, with many other locations delivering more than 70 programs.

view all locations

























































































catholic charities administrative offices and labouré center
275 west broadway, south boston, ma 02127

st. patrick's women shelter
somerville, ma 02143
 

somerville family child care
187 central street, somerville, ma  02145
 

catholic charities yawkey center
185 columbia road, dorchester, ma 02121

teen center at st. peter's
278 bowdoin st., dorchester, ma 02122
 

el centro adult education center
1785 columbus ave., 6th floor, boston, ma 02119

catholic charities north
117 north common street, lynn, ma 01902

lynn child care center
37 n. federal street, lynn, ma  01905
 

family counseling and guidance center
280 washington street, salem, ma 01970

malden early education and learning program
77 salem street, malden, ma 02148
 

peabody child care center
13 pulaski street, peabody, ma 01960
 

catholic charities north at salem
280 washington street, salem, ma 01970
 

catholic charities south
169 court street, brockton, ma 02302
 

sunset point camp
2 10th street, hull, ma 02045
 

merrimack valley catholic charities
70 lawrence street, lowell, ma 01852
 

haverhill area healthy families 
191 merrimack street, ste 302, haverhill, ma 01830
 













our partners 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 












help to those who need itcatholic charities boston is one of the largest social service non-profit organizations in massachusetts–and our over 70 programs help us serve our neighbors, regardless of religion, race, gender, age, disability, or ethnicity.

about us
join our team 







welcome and serve, with compassion and respect, all those in need by providing life’s necessities, education, and advocacy.


















sign up for our mailing list to receive stories and updates about the mission and impact of catholic charities boston and learn more about upcoming events and volunteer opportunities. 



"*" indicates required fields

email address*

first name*last name*emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 subscribe











δ
 










catholic charities bostonfor over a century, catholic charities boston has served vulnerable individuals and families of all faiths and backgrounds. one of the most comprehensive non-profit providers of social services in massachusetts, we offer over 70 programs across more than 20 locations throughout greater boston, with 450 employees serving thousands of individuals and families annually within the four core areas of basic needs, family & youth services, refugee & immigrant services, and adult education & workforce development. rooted in our faith mission, we address critical social justice issues with compassion and aim to break the cycles of poverty in our communities by providing life’s necessities, education, and advocacy to move families toward self-sufficiency. catholic charities of boston is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. ein 04-2534041.



let us help youget help
give back
news & events
about us
contact
work at catholic charities
 

contact us275 west broadway
boston, ma 02127
617-464-8500




facebook




linkedin




twitter




instagram





  




website built by: 3 media web solutions, inc.

© 2025 catholic charitable bureau of the archdiocese of boston |  all rights reserved.
report website accessibility issue

privacy policy













































