



































































the journal times | breaking news | | read racine, wi and wisconsin breaking news. get latest news, events and information on wisconsin sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















2°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



news tip



nation & world




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists




sports


high school



football



baseball



basketball



college



professional




life & entertainment


announcements



arts & theatre



event calendar



games & puzzles



movies & tv



music



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



travel



community



a+



submit an announcement




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



i love a deal



shop local



racine public notices



wisconsin public notices



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



become a carrier



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

buy & sell

se wi jobs









2°
fair
























        
        
            see 2025 election results for the racine area

voters in the racine area cast ballots on tuesday, feb. 11, 2025, for local races. view the results here.

















        
        
            parts of new red apple school will honor clark

parts of the new red apple school will be named after laurel clark.

















        
        
            racine county voters cast their ballots tuesday

voters across racine county cast their ballots in tuesday's primary election.

















        
        
            applications being accepted for aquatic center scholarships

applications are open for racine county's 2025 scholarship program for the sc johnson aquatic center, providing discounted passes for eligible county residents.

















        
        
            wisconsin supreme court rules republican had no right to bring lawsuit challenging mobile voting

the lawsuit sought to ban the use of mobile voting vans in any future election in the presidential battleground state. 

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            carthage professor, students to study virus that's ravaging potato crops

an assistant professor of chemistry at carthage college has received nearly half a million dollars to study a virus that affects up to 80% of the world's potato crops.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            see the february 2025 election results for the racine area


















        
        
            basement fire causes estimated $40,000 in damage


















        
        
            see 2025 election results for the racine area















                
                the latest



















        
        
            racine county neighbors: obituaries for february 19

read through the obituaries published today in the journal times. 




















        
        
            see the february 2025 election results for the racine area

voters in the racine area cast ballots on tuesday, feb. 18, 2025, for local races. all results are unofficial.





















        
        
            february 18 recap: racine county news you may have missed today

get a recap of tuesday's local news stories from the journal times. 





















        
        
            racine county neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published today in the journal times. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 




















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            trump says ukraine 'should have never started' the war with russia




















        
        
            trump admin cuts fda staff, targeting food, medical device reviewers




















        
        
            ukraine rejects us-russia talks as moscow says no nato peacekeepers




















        
        
            russia-ukraine war: zelensky pleads for 'fair' ukraine talks involving europe












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            nathaniel foster talks about teammate brady moore

racine co-op swimmer nathaniel foster talks about teammate brady moore. 





















        
        
            brady moore discusses his father, tom

racine co-op senior brady moore discusses his father.  





















        
        
            brady moore discusses swimming, academics

racine co-op senior brady moore discusses swimming, academics.  





















        
        
            racine co-op coach erin cain discusses brady moore

racine co-op coach erin cain discusses senior swimmer brady moore. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves. 





















        
        
            photos: notable deaths in 2025

here's a look back at the entertainers, leaders, athletes and other notable people we've said goodbye to so far in 2025. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            16 gifts to treat yourself on singles awareness day

contributor content. singles awareness day can be the ultimate excuse to shower yourself with love and no better time to indulge in the gift of self-care and celebration.












contributor








        
        
            kubernetes security 101: how to protect your cloud-native environment

contributor content. leveraging the kubernetes platform for all it offers for cloud-native solutions requires a proactive approach to security. 












sponsored








        
        
            gateway helps graduate to help others

content by gateway technical college. see how gateway provides students with the skills needed for a rewarding career in health care.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            lenz orthodontics



                                        1558 south green bay road, racine, wi 53406
                                    






















        
        
            celebration management



                                        1540 w main street, lake geneva, wi 53147
                                    






















        
        
            independent color street stylist



                                        3801 spruce street, racine, wi 53403
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















office





        
        
            karlsen plumbing - ad from 2025-02-18






































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


i love a deal

wheels for you

home finder

online features

work here

get healthy




services


start a subscription

activate your digital subscription

subscriber services

become a carrier

contact us

dealer returns

licensing






                        © copyright 2025
                        the journal times, 212 fourth st. racine, wi 53403
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alert

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































