








cyber krib- detroit rap studio -














































skip to content





















home
studio
what we offer 

mastering
mixing
production
recording
video and photography


other services 

advice and education visit
distribution
private singing classes
sound hiring/recording


faqs
contact










home 











uncategorized 

the emotions we transfer to our children 


by manny








the emotions that we transmit to our children are key to their development. although sometimes we are not aware of it, children perceive our emotions. they absorb them. and they interpret them in their own way. that is why it is so important that we are aware of what we feel. and that we work individually to generate more positive emotions.
at the vine learning center, we know that both in early education and in the family, adults transmit emotions to the little ones. and being aware of this is the first step to acting for the benefit of the health and emotional development of children.
the importance of taking care of the emotions that we transmit to our children.
adults are not machines. and children are not stupid. what do we mean by this? adults cannot always hide sadness, worries, or fears. the emotional discomfort of the adult is there. and that the little ones are not going to stop intuiting or perceiving how we feel, no matter how hard we try to avoid it.
so what can you do?
recommendations:

be aware of our emotional wounds and pains. not to hide them or to learn to hide them. on the contrary. the goal is to modify them, change them, and work on them to recover.
achieve recognition and acceptance of emotions. it doesn’t matter if the child sees us sad. what we must make clear to him is that he is not the cause of our state, nor is he responsible for solving it.
trust communication. explaining with adequate words for their understanding of what happens to us gives them security.
overprotection in childhood is not positive. it is the basis for creating insecure adolescents and adults.

how to transmit more positive emotions to the little ones.
is there any way to improve the emotions we feel? what can we do for the emotional well-being of the family?

generate positive emotions in the family. be aware of the importance of feeling good. and create family moments that make us feel and transmit those positive emotions.
get to know each other better. do you know what makes you happy? what makes you enjoy yourself together? what moments or activities provide you with greater emotional stability?
understand the importance and value of saying i love you. and prove it every day.
analyze which are the topics that we talk about the most at home in front of the children. they include work, family, politics, and concerns about certain topics. understand what emotions these topics generate in us.

it is also convenient too;

focus on what concerns us towards improvement and not remain with empty complaints.
learn to apologize quickly. it is difficult for all of us but it is essential that we do it. whether we owe the apology to the little ones or to other adults in the family.
talk about the good things that happen to us and transmit those emotions to our children. maybe each night you can share two or three good things that have happened to you during the day and how they have made you feel.

always consider southern california’s top nursery schools when choosing one for your young one. this will help you learn more from child education professionals  to help you raise your child as it is required.






uncategorized 

how to sing well as a beginner 


by manny







how to sing well? it is the natural question of beginner and amateur singers and we are going to give you here the clear elements to achieve it. you will see how singing well includes both recovering control of your own instrument and learning vocal technique to get the most out of it. so your voice will grow and beautify. this way you will gain more musicality, rhythm and grace when singing.
recover a healthy voice that responds well to you
how to sing well if your voice does not respond well to you? the vast majority of us start by pulling a little or a lot on the throat and the vocal cords : there will never be a quality voice there and singing well and very well will always be for tomorrow. this is due to our breathing, which has become shorter over the years and the challenges and stresses of this life: where you breathe is where you can get power and harmonics when singing. if you breathe short, you will forcibly pull your throat… this is why it is key to learn how to breathe well to sing better.

here you discover how to sing better happens by stopping pulling on the throat and starting to use the whole body more. there your breathing is freed and new sensations come to you in your body and new sonorities in your voice. the balance of your highs and lows is balanced throughout the spectrum of your voice and you gain ease in reaching your natural highs: the tensions of the high zone (shoulders, neck, jaws, and skull) are the #1 brake on your highs. when this relaxes you find that you can go through the highs much more easily and with a fuller, more covered sound.
this first step of regaining a healthy voice by not pulling on the vocal cords is unfortunately eluded in many modern singing schools, where techniques and techniques are thrown on top of an unresponsive instrument. it’s a shame because it’s the key to how to project your voice efficiently.
work on your vocal technique
everything is now aligned and ready to work on the most subtle aspects of vocal technique. in this step you will already have very solid foundations and you can integrate new tools and techniques to work on the different aspects of how to sing well. the main ones are:

power
address
roundness
harmonic richness and chromatic balance
musicality
brilliance
agility
interiority
laterality

there technique and musicality come together, as in a very beautiful and intense dance that will leave you very happy as well as those who listen to you. because singing well is singing happily: in this way every pore of your skin opens and lets the vibration enrich the sound of your voice. this way you can let the music flow and discover the most important goal of a good singer: to notice that somehow you don’t sing but the music sings to you.






uncategorized 

how to sing in high note 


by manny







the secret of how to sing high is to free the part of your instrument that is linked to the highs. the high notes correspond to the upper part of your body: shoulders, neck, nape, face and skull.
it’s simple: there is a direct relationship between each note and the part of your body that corresponds to it: the bass starts from your base, from the perineum. as you go up in pitch, the sound of your voice travels through each vertebra, gradually moving up the entire spine . and the treble makes the sound travel through your shoulders, your neck, the nape of your neck and your entire head (face and skull).
for the sound to be fluid and for the voice to pass comfortably when singing high notes, the area corresponding to that note must be relaxed, loose and tonic at the same time. if there is tension, the sound worsens, it closes and does not pass well. your treble is closed, blocked and you end up hoarse, irritated and frustrated.
so, to sing high notes with quality, you need to have little tension in your upper body. this is valid for singing a cappella or with music. if there are many tensions, it will be a dead end. you won’t be able to hit your high notes in chest voice, and you’ll have to cheat, passing in head voice before the count. but the feeling and the satisfaction are not the same.
releasing the tensions in the upper part of the body is probably the most important thing to be able to hit the high notes with quality and ease : without tension, the sound will be poor, even if you apply 1,000 techniques at once. and if it is free, open, the voice will sound good directly, even if you don’t know vocal technique.
for this reason, our method includes deep, structural work to progressively release tension in the shoulders, neck, jaws and the entire upper body. this makes it easier for you to hit your highs, but also gives your voice more cohesion and quality across the spectrum. it is clearly one of the differentials of our online and face-to-face courses.

sing with enthusiasm in the treble
singing is illusion, joy, life. but you should remember it even more when you get to the high notes, for these 2 reasons:

singing high notes in your chest voice requires a lot of energy, so it stays open and resists the passage of vibration. the famous chest do of the tenors implies that you reach a vibration greater than 1,000 hz, that is, more than 1,000 vibrations per second!!! sustaining this at the maximum volume of your voice requires a lot of commitment. if you use your head voice, the energetic impact is much less, but giving the treble of your head voice also requires a lot of concentration.
the larynx is one of the most important elements when singing. but having to think and feel your larynx while you sing is really annoying, right? one of the aspects of the work we have developed is that you can apply the most efficient technique without realizing it, just because we retrain your body and it will naturally do what works best for it. the larynx is a good example: when you feel illusion, passion, or when you imagine that you are going to eat your favorite dish, the larynx rises naturally and is placed just in the ideal position to sing high notes… and all the others. finding a stable position of the larynx is essential in singing and this great trick solves the problem for you in one fell swoop. so from now onto sing with enthusiasm always!


















			copyright © 2022 | powered by wordpress  | 














