







dare wright - photographer and author of the lonely doll series





















































the lonely dollhome
galleries

dare’s book photos
dare’s story photos


dare’s story

dare’s creative journey
a magical connection with children
the secret muse of the lonely doll
edie
edie’s paintings


bookshelf

about dare’s books
shop for dare’s books
brook ashley’s biography of dare


news
contact

the dare wright story 
artist, actress, fashion model, photographer and
author of the lonely doll series

1914-2001
the dare wright story – and her secrets – shared as no one else can
welcome to the official dare wright website where you can explore dare’s story and see her amazing photographs. follow the creative road she traveled from skilled artist to broadway stage actress, cover page fashion model, professional photographer and acclaimed children’s book author and illustrator. here you can browse her best-selling children’s books that have delighted millions of readers for more than sixty years, and that remain in print today. here too you can discover the real story behind the creation of dare’s most celebrated title, the lonely doll.
 
brook ashley’s biography of dare
 
learn more about the book
dare wright and the lonely doll features more than four hundred of dare’s own photographs and an array of other illustrations. brook ashley tells dare’s story as no one else can. she was dare’s goddaughter, lifelong friend and guardian during her final years.
brook was also a friend of dare’s mother edie, dare’s brother blaine and others in dare’s circle in new york city. broadway and film star tallulah bankhead, brook’s second godmother, was in the circle. donald seawell, brook’s father, was dare’s confidant and protector from her early days in new york until the end of her life.
dare wright and the lonely doll reveals the true story of a complicated angel. she was an ethereal mixture of artistry and innocence.
 
awarded 4.9 stars out of five by its reader-reviewers on amazon, the book can be ordered through your favorite bookstore or you can purchase it online now.

 
 
drop by our galleries    /    explore dare’s creative journey    /    news, projects and events
browse dare’s timeless children’s books

the official website of the dare wright estate
book review data updated november 23, 2022
the lonely doll® is a registered trademark of dare wright media, llc. the dare wright collection includes all of dare wright’s life rights, her original photographic film and prints, videos, books, memorabilia, artwork and all other dare wright property of all kinds encompassing her entire estate. the collection is the exclusive property of dare wright media, llc and its content may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, licensed, sold or otherwise utilized or exploited for any purpose or by any means whatsoever, whether in print, film or digital (electronic) format, without the express permission of dare wright media, llc.
© dare wright media, llc – all rights reserved


stay connected
emailfacebookpinterestyoutube

home
galleries
dare’s story
bookshelf
news
contact
copyright © 2025 · agency pro on genesis framework · wordpress

 

