


stallion doors & millwork : raised panel, flat panel, french doors, 
arched panel, straight panel, radius top, and bifold doors.

































 



gallery



the nature of wood
shipping info
warranty
panel & glass doors
care & handling
fitting & hanging
door finishing guide



promotional items
faq
employment
stallion milestones



product info request
distributor's request






 






 


 
welcome to stallion doors and millwork!
when we at stallion doors created our "stallion collection" 
        of distinctive interior stile and rail wood doors, we set out to assure
           that every homeowner will be able to find doors that are perfect for
          their 
        home. 
our vast selection of solid core engineered wood doors offer thousands
         of options from the past standard of hollow core flush doors. our stile
        
        and rail doors are available with "mission style" or profiled
        sticking. they come in straight panel, arched panel or radius top doors.
        our doors are available
        
        in a wide range of raised panel, flat panel, glass or combinations of
         both, all with matching bifolds to satisfy your own unique tastes. if
        
        you are looking for a beautiful pantry door design with obscure glass,
         or custom sized divided lite french door with beveled glass, or anything
        
        in between we, have what you are looking for. this is what makes stallion
         doors and millwork the first choice of discriminating home buyers! 
not only can you get custom sizes (great for remodeling) or specialty
         glass, these are all available in a wide range of species including
        red 
        oak, birch, pine, knotty pine, cherry, yellow poplar, maple, mahogany
        and hickory, including mixed species doors. whether you already know
        what you want
        or are just
         beginning to discover the possibilities, thank you for considering "stallion
          doors". by choosing stallion, you are choosing strength, beauty
          and  distinction for your home with lasting enjoyment for years to
          come.
available nationwide, ask your building products 
        supplier for stallion!  












door designs 
      | panel types | wood
       species | sizing options | photo
        gallery | general info | about
         stallion | contact | home


stallion doors & millwork ©2003
      this website best viewed using internet explorer 6.0






























