












the toy guy – making the world a better place to play!™














































 










mobile menu
about
blog
media
toy biz
podcast
consulting
contact


































making the world a better place to play!™




primary menu
about
blog
media
toy biz
podcast
consulting
contact
 



skip to content








hot products
holiday toys 2024
we've found great ways to play!










the blog





the podcast





what's up now






if you’re looking for the best in play,
you’re in the right place!
 
join us on our never-ending playdate! we find the best in toys, some of the best thinking about play, an awesome look back at some of the most significant toys of the modern era—and so much more.
the toy guy® chris byrne has spent virtually his entire career playing for at least some part of every day. his passion for play comes from the belief that we get to make up our own lives. for kids, play serves three important, developmental functions. it provides new experiences. it allows them to explore the worlds (in reality and the imagination). and, it provides the opportunity for self-expression. healthy, engaged play is how we discover ourselves and find our place in the world.


read more








latest from the blog
the toy biz




 

kids & culture

watch the toy guy’s tednext talk





 

hot products

holiday toys 2024: fun for all!





 

hot products

back to school toys 2024







visit the blog











come play with us!














sign up for the toy guy's newsletter

name*


first

email*

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  








δ















 

picture the fun! join us on instagram


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




about
work with us
contact
privacy policy
 
copyright 2019 byrne communications, inc. | site by a+a spark 






we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.



accept

 







































close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 













