











bradley






















































menu
close





blogs
our story
careers
locations



insights & events
services
people




















focused on you

innovative solutions. dependable responsiveness. deep commitment to success.
who we are




the latest from bradley


firm news

bradley’s government contracts practice recognized as a 2024 law360 “practice group of the year”



client alert

false claims act: 2024 year in review



firm news

bradley named “law firm of the year” for construction law in 2025 edition of best law firms®
















 


firm news
                            bradley partner jason bushby elected american bar foundation fellow
                        

 

 


firm news
                            bradley associate robin-renee keys selected for u.s. bank law division spotlight on talent program
                        

 

 


firm news
                            products liability litigation partner trey bourn joins bradley’s jackson office
                        

 

 


firm news
                            bradley attorney robert maddox elected to the board of regents of the american college of consumer financial services lawyers
                        

 









i have worked with bradley arant boult cummings for many years and have always felt like they truly understand our culture and have always advised us in a [manner] that aligns with our company's values.
client quote from u.s. news - best lawyers® "best law firms," 2023


i have not found a weakness with this firm. they are extremely knowledgeable, organized and efficient, and they handle matters with the utmost care and consideration.
client quote from chambers usa, 2021


i find the attorneys at bradley arant boult cummings know their stuff, know when to keep things simple, and know when to think outside of the box. they are also genuinely nice people to work with!
client quote from u.s. news - best lawyers® "best law firms," 2023































meet our people
our more than 700 attorneys are regularly listed in client and peer nominated rankings such as chambers usa, best lawyers, and best law firms. with a client-focused approach, each of our attorneys and teams tailor unique legal solutions to complex business issues.

find an attorney






focused on your industry
bradley provides business clients around the world with a full suite of legal services in dozens of industries and practice areas. see some of our featured industries below.




close





banking & financial services


we have a sophisticated understanding of the unique and particularly complex legal needs of the banking and financial services industry, from regulations and compliance to litigation and corporate matters.
learn about our banking and financial services industry capabilities 








banking & financial services









close





construction


we understand the sophisticated dynamics of the construction industry at home and abroad, so can we deliver smart, real-world solutions in every aspect of large-scale construction projects.
learn about our construction industry capabilities 








construction









close





energy


through a holistic, multidisciplinary approach to development, construction and regulatory compliance, we help clients negotiate and develop successful projects across the world in the dynamic energy industry.
learn about our energy industry capabilities 








energy









close





healthcare


we provide the creative and proactive legal solutions that participants in the healthcare industry need to navigate a rapidly changing and complex business environment.
learn about our healthcare industry capabilities 








healthcare









close





life sciences


drawing on our extensive scientific and industry experience, we represent life sciences clients of all sizes – from start-ups and emerging businesses to established regional, national, and international companies.
learn about our life sciences industry capabilities 








life sciences









close





real estate


deeply embedded in the real estate industry, our attorneys have earned a reputation as experienced problem solvers with a track record of successfully closing deals.
learn about our real estate industry capabilities 








real estate










didn't see your industry? find a legal solution for your business needs by visiting our full services list.

explore our services









attorneys listed in the best lawyers in america® and best lawyers: ones to watch, 2025





attorneys listed in chambers usa, 2024





consecutive years top ranked by best law firms















 bradley’s government contracts practice recognized as a 2024 law360 “practice group of the year”
bradley's government contracts practice group has been selected as a winner of law360’s “practice groups of the year” for the third time. the firm’s practice group also earned this recognition in 2023 and in 2021. 
 



subscribe to learn more about the latest news, announcements and upcoming events on topics that matter to you and your business.

subscribe to bradley's newsletters and alerts







search by last name


a


b


c


d


e


f


g


h


i


j


k


l


m


n


o


p


q


r


s


t


u


v


w


x


y


z






insights & events


awards & recognitions


authored articles


events


firm alerts 


insights


media mentions


press releases




careers


careers


law students


lateral lawyers


professional staff




offices


atlanta


birmingham


charlotte


chattanooga


dallas


houston


huntsville


jackson


knoxville


montgomery


nashville


tampa


washington, d.c.




our story


overview


services


diversity


women's initiative


pro bono


community impact


accolades




our blogs


budding trends


buildsmart


business divorce


eye on enforcement


financial services perspectives


ip iq


it pays to be covered


labor & employment insights


online and on point

















learn about the latest news, announcements and upcoming events on the topics that are important to you and your business.
subscribe to mailing lists





client extranet
contact
legal disclaimer
ccpa/cpra & vcdpa notice of collection, disclosure, & privacy policy
accessibility statement
remote access
alumni
world services group
attorney advertising

cookie settings

©2025 bradley arant boult cummings llp
























