






welcome to the campertrailers.org website home of the australian 
campertrailers group since 2001




campertrailers.org






















home  




forum





 facebook



members campers 
 



tech tips



camper trader








									average member



my camper trailer 
									 



 trip 
									reports



upcoming events 
 



 past events



group stickers







competition page



what's new  


camper 
									scene



media



camp cooking



links












			 





			 

			 

























 the 
web 
 ask 
campertrailers.org




 





       




       




       




       




       




       

        
      


							 




       




       




       




       




       




       


proud to be 
		australia 
you are visitor

         










19th 
		  national meet at ariah park 
			nsw..... 
			
details







..... .....  





 from monday 29th 
			september to friday 3rd october 2025


welcome to the 
		homepage of the australian campertrailers forum & the australian campertrailers 
		facebook group. the group started as an australian campertrailers yahoo 
		group in 2001 centered around off road camper trailers. if you 
		would like to chat camper trailers, travel or just camping in general, 
		you will find you are right at home with a bunch of like-minded people. 
		members come from all walks of life, but have a common interest in the 
		great outdoors. hope we can exchange experiences & learn a little from 
		each other.  
the 
		non profit australian campertrailers forum & facebook group provides a place for members 
		to chat which is free of commercial advertising, pressures or promotion 
		of any kind. manufacturers of camper trailers & camping accessory 
		suppliers are welcome to join the group & share their knowledge & 
		experience. we welcome their participation & the expertise they bring as 
		long as it is unbiased & free of commercial advertising. membership is 
		free. instructions on how to join can be
		found here.
in 
		australia the camper trailer is a very popular form of camping 
		accommodation. it is perfect for 
		our aussie camping lifestyle, whether it be weekends away or an extended 
		trip into the great outdoors where no facilities exist. being self 
		sufficient is a must in these circumstances as well as carrying suitable 
		spares & a good tool kit.
 
      most off road camper trailers have an under slung water tank, 
		a fully functional compact kitchen & plenty of room to carry the 
		necessary supplies without placing undue strain on the tow vehicle. then 
		there's the gas bottle, extra water or fuel which is carried in jerry's 
		& a purpose built 12volt battery system which may be 
		charged by a solar panel when camped, making an extended stay possible & 
		fully charged between camps with a dc to dc charger with use of the 
		vehicles alternator.  

      although the group was started as an 
		australian off road camper trailers group, members from other countries 
		are very welcome to join. it gives us an insight into how others camp 
		outside our own environment.

the groups' members also own a wide 
		selection of camping accommodation ranging from swags, tents, box trailers, 
		camping trailer, slide-ons (which sit on the rear of utes), on & off road caravans, 
		motorhomes, right 
		through to converted buses, as well as on & off road camper trailers of 
		all makes & models.  check here to see what the  

average campertrailers group member 
      may look like.   


		there are many members who have joined the group seeking 

      advice when it comes to buying a camper trailer. we do not push one 

      brand over another, but with the combined help from members who own 

      camper trailers, we hope we can steer 
them 
      in the right direction & help 
		them 
make an 
		educated decision to what suits their needs.

here is a 

check list 
      to give you an inside advantage when looking to purchase a camper trailer 
		for the first time. it contains points not only to ask yourself, but the 
		salesman as well.   



the websites
      tech tips 
      pages have grown into a valuable resource on everything camper trailers 
		thanks to the generous input by members of the australian campertrailers 
		group. this is the place where everyone can share their tips & tricks as 
		well as showing how they have modified their camper trailers to suit 
		their own unique style of camping. it is fascinating to see how simple 
		solutions have been adopted in overcoming problems & making camping life 
		all that much more enjoyable. if you would like to write an article for 
		the website please feel free to drop us an e-mail.


you will 
		find some fantastic 
		trip reports from members 
		which may help you plan your own trip. if not these stories will 
		certainly inspire you to get out there.

		australian campertrailers group get togethers are 
		hosted by members which gives members a chance to meet 
		the face behind the typing in a relaxed atmosphere 
		around the campfire. it also gives those looking at buying a camper 
		trailer an opportunity to view campers first hand & get an 
		unbiased opinion from their owners. you may meet as complete strangers, 
		but part as old friends on the sunday, such is the camaraderie. if you 
		would like to host a weekend meet please feel free to contact us via the 
		email address below. all get togethers must be approved by the groups 
		co-owners.
      next weekend meets are organized for........ 

the groups 
		
      first national get together was held in july 2005 at copeton waters 
		state park near inverell on the nsw northern tablelands, where 32 
		camper trailers & 100 people gathered to meet & enjoy each others 
		company, chat camper trailers, cook on the open fire, look at the 
		modifications that others have done & explore the area.  

the australian campertrailers group's 
		18th national meet was held at mendooran in the new south wales central 
		west slopes & plains, 75km 
			north-east of dubbo,over the week from monday 30th september to 
		friday 4th october 2024
		
		https://www.campertrailers.org/mendooran24.htm 

		the 19th national meet will be held at ariah park, located in the 
		riverina region of new south wales, from monday 29th september to friday 
		3rd october 2025.

at the national 
		meets members as well as invited guests host 
		information workshops  
		on a variety of topics relating to camper trailers, travel & camping in 
		general 
to pass on their 
		valuable knowledge to others. 
being an internet based group there 
		are subjects where information cannot be easily exchanged through 
		typing. 
workshop topics include demonstrations of 
		both the cobb & dreampot cookers, 12volt, batteries & solar, a practical 
		guide to trailer wheel bearing inspection & maintenance, a camper 
							trailer walkabout, to name a few. the kids 
		don't miss out with workshops held for them as well over the week.

please keep in mind that the groups co-owners 
will not accept any responsibility for members or non-members actions during 
weekend get togethers. if you decide to attend, it is solely at your own 
responsibility, including any side trips or outings during the weekend meet.

no claim is made for the 
accuracy or authenticity of the content on the australian campertrailers 
website. in no event will the co-owners of the australian campertrailers group 
or its members be liable for the accuracy of information contained in it, its 
use or reliance placed on it. there are no dangerous or illegal topics found on 
the website.  

the information on the website is provided on the basis that all 
persons accessing the website undertake responsibility for assessing the 
relevance and accuracy of its content. it is suggested you seek more than one 
opinion on important topics.

please feel free to use 
the information on the campertrailers website as a reference & share it with 
others, as long as you don't claim the work as your own, change it in any way or 
use it commercially. 

the australian campertrailers group is not affiliated with any 
camper trailer manufacturers, commercial outlets or associated recreational 
camping accessory suppliers, however the groups co-owners have arranged a 
members discount for goods purchased or services provided with some 
manufacturers & suppliers of recreational camping products. a list can be 
found in the 'discount to members' section of the australian campertrailers 
forum.

feedback on the campertrailers.org website is always appreciated.

 

rob, kevin & jason
australian campertrailers group co-owners

 

 



      contact group owners at
 


       

         

         

         

          

         

         

         

         

         

         


   
      
		website built & maintained by rob - june 2004  
		updated - february 2025

         

         



 this work is licensed under cc by-nc-nd 4.0 












