












naples real estate homes and condos in naples fl
 :
















































  













home
naples communities
naples condos
naples homes
naples florida

map


naples real estate

all naples real estate
naples property search
about us
naples condos listings

vanderbilt beach condos


naples foreclosures listings










    








naples real estate homes and condos for sale
discover naples and discover paradise! we are your premiere online destination guide for this amazing city!
our city features miles of pristine powdered sandy beaches, countless challenging golf courses, world-class naples florida hotels, motels and resorts, shopping on par with rodeo drive and worth avenue, and hundreds of palette-pleasing eateries with its elegant architecture and european charm.
naples florida boasts some of the most exclusive and beautiful neighborhoods — from elaborate multi-million dollar estate homes on the gulf of mexico to quaint tin-roofed cottages reminiscent of old florida. yet, with all its grandeur, the city offers an easygoing friendliness to all its occupants . residents and tourists alike — that truly set it apart from other affluent florida destinations. with its casual sophistication, naples florida offers a life style to enjoy for a lifetime and is why so many people choose naples real estate.
naples real estate
where do you start in your search for naples real estate with the thousands of homes and condos available?  with the lee collier team!  we have two decades of real estate service in southwest florida severing thousands of buyers and sellers.  one thing for sure is that there are is no shortage of real estate sites displaying naples homes and condos. however, there is a shortage of real estate agents with the knowledge and experience we have to offer.  there are more properties in gated communities than general neighborhoods and each area has its own personality. just let us know your lifestyle wish list and we will show you all the possibilities.
naples homes for sale
as you could imagine there is every type of naples home in terms of size, floor plan and price in the greater naples area. if you are looking for a golf  course home, then in addition to your housing requirements we need to know what golfing experience you want as there are many options and course levels. many of the naples homes in gated communities offer nice amenities based of the development.
each area of the country has its of terminology for real estate and here are a few in our area you should know: detached villas are typically smaller homes with less lot space. attached villas are like a duplex but feels like single family living.
be sure to look over the naples homes price range searches below for a quick method of looking at properties.
$ 100,00 to $300,000      $300,000 to $500,000      $ 500,000 to 700,000
 $ 700,000 to 1,000,000
$1 million to 3 million       $3 million to 6 million      $6 million and above
 naples condominiums
if you are naples condo shopping then there are some terms you need to know to narrow your search. terms used in the area are low rise 1-3 stories, mid-rise 4-10 stories and high-rises 10 stories and higher. next you need to determine if you want a water view such as a stand alone condominium on the beach, riverfront, lake, canal or one with boat access. if you are looking an active social life you would want to consider a condo in a community such as a golf course development. we will be happy to show you all the possibilities and below are searches by price range.
$ 100,00 to $300,000       $300,000 to $500,000      $ 500,000 to 700,000
  $ 700,000 to 1,000,000
$1 million to 3 million      $3 million to 6 million       $6 million and above
naples florida activities
our “high” season begins just before thanksgiving and ends after easter. during this time, there are plenty of community activities for residents and visitors alike-from summer jazz concerts in the park to the great dock canoe races in naples bay to the taste of collier along trendy third street south in olde naples. check on the naples chamber of commerce web site for updated information. some winters it may not rain for months which means the area beaches are a great destination.
naples golf year round
did you know that naples florida has the most golf courses per capita than anywhere else in the world? we’re also home to some of the highest rated golf courses in the country. naples golf course featured private, bundled, and public courses. if you want to purchase property in a golf course community then talk to us as we are golfers and can match your skills with courses and communities that are right for you! take some time to check out our naples golf page for the most current information on the public and private golf courses in the area.
there are many great choices when considering southwest florida real estate. if you are buying or selling property then be sure that you contact one of our experienced agents at lee collier realty group inc. our agents have decades of experience and extensive knowledge of the southwest real estate market.
you need expert advise with over 350 gated communities and thousands of properties on the market.
allow us to help you make the right choice!
        
 








contact us if you have any questions regarding any communities or a specific property, we want to hear from you.  please contact us today.



search properties 

service areasbonita springs real estate
cape coral
estero
ft myers beach
fort myers
marco island
miromar lakes
naples

naples videos 



















featured naples communitieslely resort
mediterra
miromar lakes
grey oaks
quail west
bonita bay
pelican bay







browse naples neighborhoodsnaples neighborhoods
park shore
hideaway beach
olde naples
port royal
naples cay







 naples real estate news







      copyright
      © 2025 ·

      all rights reserved
      · lee collier realty group inc. 

      by
      

      log in





search naples homes & condos


advanced search



