




asq toronto section 402 | under construction please check asqtoronto.org
























↓ skip to main content




home
about us

executives
memorial


events

upcoming section events
event attendance list
events’ presentation
network 2016


certification

why certify?
re-certification
certification resources
certification local support


services

job postings
web consulting directory
member’s resumes


resources

toronto quality certificate program
bob cardno award
training/courses
quality tools

problem solving & analysis tools
six sigma tools
lean tools
innovation tools




contact us

executives
volunteer opportunity
call for nominations 2016








asq toronto
section 402
toronto section of the american society for quality (asq) - a section of about 1400 members who are quality professionals of various levels and in many different industries or businesses. we are all interested in promoting quality, and we offer a number of different ways to do this, such as meetings, training, networking, etc.
latest events









the latest event schedule: 
jan- jun 2016, please click here! 




2015 bob cardno award! 
the prestigious bob cardno award will be presented in memory of a senior member and director of the asq who was the driving force in establishing the present quality assurance certificate programmes operated by the educational institutions in the greater toronto area. the courses were designed to cover the asq body of knowledge and provide students with a well-rounded education in the application and management of quality assurance. bob cardno was very supportive in both initiating and teaching at ryerson university, and an inspiration to the other volunteers preparing and promoting these courses.
for more about the process and other information, please click here.






partner's news


история казино насчитывает не одно десятилетие. неизменным остается одно – это большое количество мошенников. в интернете найти честный и компетентный клуб поможет топ казино онлайн. в этой подборке каждое заведение проверяется по ряду критериев. речь идет о бонусах, характеристиках игр и лицензии. клубы, у которых нет сертификата от регулятора и которые не находятся на слуху, не могут попасть в таблицу.





asq toronto networking meetings


two special networking meetings had been conducted in july. they were held at centennial college in scarborough on wednesday july 15, 2015 and sheridan college in brampton on tuesday, july 28, 2015. members had the opportunity to network amongst themselves and share their professional job knowledge and advocate the importance of quality in business to the faculty and students of these two colleges. these special meetings were supported by the faculty and students. for more information please refer to the articles and photos submitted by nisarg shah, president of sheridan students society for quality and ruben cardenas, president of centennial students society for quality. both mr. shah and mr. cardenas are student members of asq toronto section.
asq networking meeting  --- centennial college
asq networking meeting --- sheridan college

























© 2016 asq toronto section 402
↑
responsive theme powered by wordpress










