






my-time-machines







 

 





 
                                                                        magnificent time machines




    
	                                    tower clocks
	 
welcome to my website whose purpose
    is to share my enthusiasm for preservation, restoration and collecting of specialized
    timepieces as well as dissemination of information about them.to use this site just click on the buttons at the top of the page
    to get the drop down menus to go to each horological sub-category  or 
	click on the pictures. 
i have some items for sale.
see them here. contact: mfrank1@rcn.com 
this website is divided into the three areas of horology that interest me. they are 
tower clocks (also known as
    turret clocks in the uk), 
skeleton
    clocks and 
bank vault time
    locks. the common theme is the fact that one can see the mechanism. when
    these clocks are running, they become beautiful kinetic pieces of art. this is especially
    true at the scale demonstrated by the tower clocks. also there is a section 
	for 
	antique calculators, these have mechanical complexity 
	and historic background i find interesting.
another aspect of the collection is that it encompasses the full range of time movement
    sizes that a person might encounter in the world of horology. from a few ounces and a 
	couple of
    inches or so across - the size of a pocket watch, to over a one-half ton, 6 foot wide tower clock.
    the oldest clock is from the late 1400's and the newest was completed in 
	2022. 
i also enjoy the restoration of time pieces, in particular, tower clocks. there is
    something very satisfying in bringing an ugly, rusted piece of machinery back to life as a
    beautiful kinetic sculpture. the 
restorations
    button goes through a typical restoration process for tower, skeleton and
    time locks. one will get a sense of how labor intensive (labor of love?) this process can
    be.
i've written papers on tower clocks, the westminster clock. a discussion on
    remontoire along with visual aids can all be accessed through the other items button.
below is a commission, to my design, to have a large, 
	complex astronomical clock built over the next several years; it was begun 
	in january 2006 and can be seen under the 
astro skeleton
    button, above. four articles have been published since 
	its design beginnings in 
		2006, construction 
		2007-2010, then
		
2011-2016 and 
	
2017-2020. watch the construction
    as it progresses. a library of videos in connection with this project can be 
	viewed on my youtube channel:
	

	https://www.youtube.com/c/markfrankclocks 
	.


 
	
left, original mockup in wood, july 2006. next left hand 
	elevation of clock in october 2021.

    

front and rear elevation of the clock complete after final finishing work 
	as of october 2021.  
 
interested in selling or
    a trade? please contact me.
the site is graphics intensive and is best enjoyed with a
    high speed internet connection. video clips will play automatically as an 
	extension of films from my youtube library or on windows media player or realone
    player, under internet explorer. any questions, comments, suggestions email me: mfrank1@rcn.com. 
member of: national association of watch and clock collectors (nawcc),  nawcc
    chicago chapter #3, nawcc tower clock chapter #134, british horological institute (bhi),
    antiquarian horological society (ahs). for more information about these organizations and
    other sites of interest click links page.
this site and all its content, are copyright © 2025 by mark frank. all 
	rights reserved. no part of this content may be transmitted in any form or 
	by any means existing or yet to be invented.



































                                  
	skeleton clocks



 
       
                   
	         bank vault time 
	locks
       
	
 
                                    
	calculators 



 
other items-master clocks, writings and research
read papers on the history of tower clocks. the 
	accident in 
	1976 to the clock at westminster (big
    ben). the theory and applications of remontoire.
	complete article 
	set of the astro-skeleton clock and more.




                             
                
	

                               
	restoration projects





free website hit counter



