phoenix restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in phoenix by diningguide
homeaboutcontactphoenix restaurantsmobile versionwebsite directory list your restaurant (free) add url bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > phoenix home pagephoenix restaurantsrestaurant posts“vegan bakery”“100% plant based, vegan bakery. specializing in custom cakes and cupcakes.…”posted by: aaron's bakery“food like the photos made fresh upon order”“food like the photos! daddy's chicken shack is a one-of-a-kind culinary destination that …”posted by: daddy's chicken shack“authentic thai food”“spicy curries, noodles & other thai classics offered in a low-key, snug space with counte…”posted by: tasty thai restaurantrestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“rip off @ focaccia fiorentina”joey , chandler - “i was charged $2.50 to remove cheese from a burrito.  the m…”said about: focaccia fiorentina“garbage-should be closed down”non-member, reader - “we were 5 adults, couldn't hear yourself talk ( music way t…”said about: pepin“cold food”beverly j. , goodyear - “the service was slow, food cold, manager attitude was,so…”said about: applebee'swe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)
welcome to metroguide.network's phoenix diningguide, 
a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan phoenix, arizona.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find phoenix restaurants by location or cuisine.

with more than three dozen luxurious resorts scattered throughout the valley and a population boom to match, greater phoenix has undergone a big restaurant renaissance.  an exceptional dining scene in phoenix, scottsdale, and other nearby communities features everything from savory steaks to exquisite southwestern fare and south-of-the-border favorites. elk-antler chandeliers, above-bar buffalo skulls, and barbed-wire accessories add rustic ambiance to places like scottsdale's roaring fork, with sides such as smoked-tomato grits and green-chile macaroni. authentic thai, chinese and indian eateries also are popping up all over, along with persian, ethiopian, salvadoran, vietnamese and other ethnic delights for quick snacks to memorable fine dining. gorgeous weather makes dining under the stars a year-round option at many outposts.  star chefs of the future strut their stuff at l'academie café, the scottsdale culinary institute's student-run restaurant where patrons can sample anything from seafood lasagna to decadent desserts at bargain prices.  greater phoenix restaurants tend to change chefs, prices, menus and serving hours, so it's advisable to call ahead to confirm.

diningguide phoenix is part of metroguide phoenix, offering guides to events, shopping, nightlife, hotels, attractions and more for the entire region.

phoenix dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan phoenix 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·downtown phoenix
dining options in the phoenix downtown area and the business district

·camelback corridor
dining options in the newer area directly north of the city center, around contemporary office buildings and upscale shopping venues 

·phoenix north
restaurants to the north of the city center, in places such as sun city, glendale and paradise valley 

·phoenix southwest
dining options to the south and west of the city center, including litchfield park, goodyear, maricopa and others

·tempe - phoenix southeast
dining options to the south and east of the city center, in mesa, apache junction, chandler, tempe and others 

·phoenix airport
dining options near the sky harbor international airport (phx), located about 3 miles to the east of the city center 

·scottsdale
the community of scottsdale, located to the northeast of downtown, has a concentration of restaurants 
 
phoenix diningchannel® videos
 
copper door restaurant
st. francis restaurant
posh restaurant
coach & willie's more videos >
phoenix dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
americanamerican - casualasianbarbequechinesecontinentalfast foodfrenchinternationalitalianjapanesemediterraneanmexicannorthern italianseafoodsouthwesternspanishsteak
to return to the diningguide phoenix home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at phoenix restaurantsslander - dj techno / electronic concert performance… music - electronic & trance rawhide at wild horse pass (wild horse pass and casino)sat 2/1/25 hed pe pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal the 44 sports grill & nightlifewed 1/22/25 mike. (michael jordan bonema) rap / hip hop music performance… music - hip hop & rap walter studiostue 5/6/25 the linda lindas pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal walter studiosmon 3/31/25 « top of pageadjacent links:diningguide flagstaffdiningguide tucsonother links:vertical farm daynational ubi daydiningguide albuquerquediningguide anaheimdiningguide bakersfielddiningguide grand junctiondiningguide inland empirediningguide las vegasdiningguide los angelesdiningguide orange countydiningguide palm springsdiningguide san diegometroguide.network > diningguide > phoenix home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide phoenix are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionsdirectorymore locations...full map



phoenix restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritesmorton's, the steakhousesteamers genuine seafoodtapino kitchen & wine barrio sabor brazil steakhouse-rodiziomaria mariamarcellino ristorantegeorge and dragon english pub and restaurantfleming's prime steakhouse dc ranchthe teeter houseblack angus steakhousebuca di beppogeordie's restaurant and loungedistrictalice cooperstown sports bar & grilljoe's crab shack


