







the mood cure by julia ross | julia ross' cures


































 
 












followfollow





julia ross' cures

freedom from diet-related plagues
of the 21st century












home
julia

about
events
faqs


books

the craving cure
the diet cure
the mood cure


questionnaires

craving type
the diet cure quick-symptom
mood type


virtual clinic

food craving and false mood eradication


training

neuro-nutrient therapy institute
distance training
local training
seminar schedule


practitioners
blog

posts
research
excerpts
recipes
testing updates


events
shop










 
















“an innovative and wonderfully practical book to help people who suffer from mood disorders. i highly recommend it.”

—daniel g. amen, m.d., author of change your brain, change your body 

find a practitioner







buy now

julia’s store
amazon
barnes & noble
books-a-million
ibooks
indiebound
kobo
play
ceoread.com




“an innovative and wonderfully practical book to help people who suffer from mood disorders. i highly recommend it..”
—daniel g. amen, m.d., author of change your brain, change your body 





with breakthrough solutions to overcoming depression, anxiety, irritability, stress, and other negative emotional states that are diminishing the quality of our lives, the mood cure will help you


lift the dark cloud of depression
blast the blahs
cool anxiety and stress
comfort oversensitive feelings
let go of emotional eating
recover from addictions
find reliable alternatives to anti-depressants
 

we’re in a bad mood epidemic. depression and anxiety have tripled in the last ten years. 

the mood cure explains why and provides the good news that we can feel better emotionally without the use of caffeine, alcohol, tobacco, or anti-depressants—and the even better news that we can begin to see the results in just one day! beginning with the 5-part questionnaire to identify your mood type, it is a comprehensive natural approach that jump-starts your recovery with brain-fueling amino acids, plus a diet rich in good-mood foods such as protein, healthy fat, and certain key vegetables.

reader reviews: a few of the hundreds of reviews posted on amazon for the mood cure.
excellent book!! amazing results!!
5.0 out of 5 stars.


i’m so grateful to have found this book! after being on ssri’s for essentially the last 20 years of my life, i thought i’d never be able to get off of them. every time i’ve tried i ended up dealing with horrible withdrawal (dizziness, panic attacks, brain zaps, etc) and then about a month after weaning, i’d fall into an awful depression. after reading this book, i created a plan for myself and slowly began weaning off of my antidepressants, while using amino acid supplements instead. i’ve had amazing results. i’ve had absolutely no withdrawal symptoms and my depression and anxiety issues have been better than ever. this is the real deal, and for the first time in my life i can see a future that doesn’t require daily medication. highly recommended!!
5.0 out of 5 stars.



julia ross is my hero.
after struggling with various ssri’s and other prescriptions for years, i found this book. i have been following the advice in this book for about 4 months now and i feel better than i have in decades.

5.0 out of 5 stars.



















z

identify your mood type
take this questionnaire to identify your own false mood symptoms. the following is a short version of the questionnaire we use in our clinic.




take it now






contact the virtual clinic
meet a mood cure coach to customize the suggestions found in the mood cure.
 
 




meet with an insomnia coach








z

training and consulting for health practitioners
 certification program: on-line video classes and individual mentorship  




learn more





order books, nutrients, cds & more





shop now








explore more of the mood cure



view new post:





the extraordinary potency of individual amino acids exposed

 read more






 








faqs
events



 



© 2021 julia ross, author of the mood cure, the diet cure, & the craving cure
permission to duplicate with this attribution: no changes may be made without permission in writing by julia ross info@cravingcure.com 





































