










home - leadership greater huntsville




















































  


















skip to content














 
recent newsletteralumni loginupcoming events











facebook





twitter





instagram





linkedin






































menu 
about us what is lgh? staff sfx certified board of directors community trustees impact reportprograms leadership flagship connect management academy focus spark challengealumni events alumni login alumni renewal continuing education discounts legacy level alumni








powered by


















 




















 
our visionan inclusive community of enlightened and engaged servant leaders.
 


 
our missionidentify, educate, inspire, and connect leaders to build a better community.
 


 
our programslgh programs provide access to community leaders and organizations.
 


 
our focusservant leadership is at the core of our mission and vision.
 






























welcome to leadership greater huntsville






leadership greater huntsville exists to identify, educate, inspire, and connect leaders to build a better community. we offer programs for high school and college students to senior executives.
our programs provide access to community leaders and organizations while discussing topics as they relate to the community. classes include site visits, behind-the-scenes tours, and interactive program days that provide participants with a better understanding of our greater community and develop an appreciation of community resources ultimately resulting in engagement and servant leadership in the community. check out our programs below.

















					leadership flagship				








					connect				








					management academy				








					focus				








					spark				








					alumni				






















learn more
















 
what is leadership greater huntsville? 
identify, educate, inspire, and connect community members to build a better community. let us tell you more.
learn more 














 
our programs 
whether you are a young professional at the beginning of your career or if you are a ceo running a company, we have a program for you.
learn more 














 
alumni events 
lgh alumni and community members have access to great community events such as 12@12 speakers, community conversations, around town tours and much more.
see events 



















continue to learn, grow, & give back.
you have completed a lgh program. now what? we got you. we are offering more alumni perks than ever before. a few alumni perks include:

access to the new reboot program
opportunity to participate in around towns and social events
access to our new infohub for alumni members








activate your alumni experience today










 












© 2025 leadership greater huntsville
 | 
site by growthzone












identify. educate. inspire. connect.




















leadership greater huntsville










320 pelham avenue, suite 402, huntsville, al 35801 










256-202-5558 










info@leadershiphsv.org 









facebook





twitter





instagram





linkedin




























































 © 2025 leadership greater huntsville.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 























