











cyberspace ashram for kriya yoga, god and love
















cyberspace ashram for kriya yoga, god and love
"spiritual treasures - final edition"
created and published online from 31 july 1997 - 17 may 2012 on www.kriyayoga.com also known as the cyberspace ashram
kriya yoga also is known as jesus secret teachings among christianity and under a variety of different names in other cultures around the globe for thousands of years. kriya means purification of loving heart as a means to yoga = god union. kriya yoga is created by god and a gift of love to all mankind. taught and published by the cyberspace ashram is jesus kriya yoga brought from god with a clear emphasis on its original root and goal - god and love.
please read this page carefully to find the complete details on kriya yoga teachings and sacred teachings of love. the entire previous cyberspace ashram's online content of some 144'000 files has been cleaned up and condensed into the current offline version and is available in full as instant free download of:
"spiritual treasures" and "spiritual treasures bonus".
beyond my time on earth: post mortem

welcome on the path of love home to god! welcome message - willkommensbotschaft - copyright ©
from god i came to testify to all world: god is love
learn to apply solutions of love for all situations of life. the free download file "spiritual treasures - final edition" = 3.55gb compressed with 39988 files contains the complete initiation to the holy science of kriya yoga and god yoga and the complete jesus teachings of love in a convenient offline reading format suitable for tablets, computers and laptops.
the holy science of kriya yoga helps you to apply true love in all situations of life to make your life happier and reconnects you with god. kriya yoga is the science of divine love toward god union. all teachings of the holy science can be found in the "spiritual treasures - final edition" as a final gift of love from god to all world. at the conclusion of all creation time from april 1997 until may 17th, 2012 all online content now is converted into an easy to share and convenient to use offline version of all previous spiritual online content from the original cyberspace ashram. some 39988 files are available to learn kriya yoga offline at home. the complete "spiritual treasures - final edition" contains all kriya yoga techniques and complete holy initiation by god's blessings.
the holy science of applying god's love into all aspects of your being and personality. kriya pranayama will thus dissolve your ego to free your soul and reunite you with god. all teachings is free to all world, free from any religion or beliefs and has as its only source god's love. to learn jesus kriya yoga, you find all teachings online and free to all here in the cyberspace ashram. the practice of all sacred techniques and teachings is available to all of any age, any gender, any race, any nationality wishing to love above all. to ease your practice of the teachings of love, you'll find a large number of assisting chapters included in the "spiritual treasures" and free to all. all sections of the "spiritual treasures - final edition" serve but one purpose: to show you god is love and to encourage you to focus on love in all your life. learn to forgive like god, learn to love like god, practice the holy science as a loving teaching given to all mankind by god.
the ultimate goal is to help you to reconnect and ultimately reunite with god, to get god's love flowing through you and heal you until you become one with god. to achieve this goal, you need to open for god. a repeated deep love prayer will help you.

"spiritual treasures - final edition" download | "spiritual treasures bonus" beautiful philippines nature pictures download.

kriya yoga in deutscher sprache
die komplette lehre der liebe ist in vollem umfang auch in deutsch in den "spiritual treasures - final edition" enthalten. hier einige hilfreiche kapitel als einleitung:
kriya yoga deutsch | kriya yoga  einweihung | kriya yoga is universal | gott ist liebe | gottes liebe | heilige regeln | gebet der liebe
other spiritual chapters
the complete teachings of love are part of the 39988 files "spiritual treasures - final edition" - below you find a few helpful introductory chapters:
god's presence | kriya pranayama | how to pray to god | god yoga | ashram | spiritual counseling | news | my blog | amor de dios


