








55 plus florida communities | retirement communities | over 55 housing





























































pal realty homes
community
activities
q&a
golf
map
more info
financing













home
about
info
contact
show me more













it’s the life you’ve waited your whole life for...
central florida 55 plus communities











come live the life you’ve waited your whole life for...
beautiful 55+ award-winning communities of homes and villas that is complete with a lifestyle that is as active as you want to be. just minutes north of greater orlando among the rolling hills of central florida, the leesburg area awaits you. here you'll discover beautiful championship golf courses, clubhouses with large heated pools, tennis, pickle ball, private fishing lakes and a state-of-the-art fitness centers. more
pal realty homes, rentals & communities information click here
 











gallery
active adult communities offer so many activities. your florida lifestyle is waiting...











































































blog
post from the blog...








18 nov 2021


central florida rentals available
if you are looking to get out of the cold, below are the links to available rentals. those indicated ‘active’ are available. there may be other…









18 nov 2021


annual shredding event
 pal realty sponsors a free shredding event every year on the last monday of april. the next one will be april 24, 2023, 8am to 11am. 









18 nov 2021


senior resources
 here at caring.com, we offer free, expert help to families coping with the many challenges of caring for an aging loved one.













testimonials
what our customers say





scott levy
awesome staff. will definitely work with them again. highly recommended!








chuck huckins
realtor team recognition both as a buyer and a seller.
mary, jane & kirk certainly put the “service” back into customer service, they are indeed a pleasure to work with. professionals both.








angela summers
we used pal realty with purchasing our home and selling a home. we worked with mary jane, thomas and kirk they are knowledgable, friendly and experienced. they have even went above and beyond in helping settle an issue four month after the purchase of our home. will definitely work with them again. highly recommended!



























pal realty  25327 us hwy, 27 suite 202, leesburg, fl 34748 
toll free: (800) 234-7654, local: (352) 326-3626 



 

 rentals | pal realty commercial listings |  pal realty listings 









copyright © 1999-present, the plantation at leesburg realty, llc, dba pal realty. licensed in florida. all rights reserved.


55 plus retirement communities
active adult communities in central florida
central florida active retirement communities
central florida retirement communities
retirement communities



















