



mailing and shipping for personal and business | canada post













































































































send money fast
transfer up to $100 for only a $4 fee. conditions apply.
learn more


send up to $100 for a $4 fee. conditions apply.











looking for the perfect gift?
give 2025 coin gift sets from the royal canadian mint.
shop now


gift coin sets from the royal canadian mint











apply for canada post community foundation grants
support children and youth across canada. apply by february 28, 2025.
learn about grants


apply for canada post community foundation grants by february 28, 2025.











track your deliveryenter your tracking numberstrack multiple


track your delivery
find a postal code
find a rate
find a post office
forward your mail


view all tools







need gift ideas?
we offer a wide selection of gift cards.find out more






















access convenient tools and features with a canada post account

stay informed about upcoming deliveries, track packages, set your delivery preferences and receive timely notifications during the delivery process.
sign up for free sign in




get the canada post app
track packages, prepay duty and taxes and get notifications on the go.discover our mobile app

have all your deliveries tracked in one place
we’ll identify and track your packages, so you always know the status of your deliveries.set up automatic tracking

get real-time updates
receive delivery notifications about your package by email or text message.get delivery notifications









featured products and services




send conveniently with our flat rate box
send your item anywhere in canada. if it fits and is under 5kg, it ships.

available at all canada post locations in 4 convenient sizes
environmentally friendly
postage included in the cost of the box
find a post office







 pick up purchases at the post office
have packages sent directly to the post office of your choice.

secure, convenient and free
ideal if you’re away for school or work
great for keeping gifts a surprise


discover flexdelivery





make life easier with our app 
the app makes it easy to:

track packages and returns
get updates on mail coming your way with mymail
simplify international shipping
use the app













service updates and support



current delivery interruptions 
get updates on canadian and international mail delivery interruptions.
go to service alerts 

scheduled outages and closures
learn about upcoming holiday closures and outages to our website and online tools.
view closures and interruptions

get help with a service or delivery
find answers, resolve issues, report concerns and get help from our experts.
get help








are you shipping for your business?

whether you're just starting out, expanding or aiming for new heights, we're here
               to help you make your business goals a reality.





i ship under 25 packages per week
go to solutions for small business

i ship 25+ packages per week
go to commercial solutions












in the shop
get free shipping on all orders over $25



shop postage stamps
shop postage stamps



shop flat rate (prepaid) products
shop flat rate (prepaid) products



shop coins and coin sets
shop coins and coin sets



shop stamps and collectibles
shop stamps and collectibles

















explore mailing tips and stamp stories 




read our blog - canada post issues stamp honouring sarah mclachlan
canada post issues stamp honouring sarah mclachlanread our blog


read our blog - new stamps honour indigenous leaders
new stamps honour indigenous leadersread our blog


read our blog - online shopping returns – explained
online shopping returns – explainedread our blog


read our blog - six "to-do" tasks before moving into a new home
six "to-do" tasks before moving into a new homeread our blog
































