








mbmg | welcome


















0
1
2
3
4
4






kayaking on flathead lake. photo by sophie barth.





mbmg staff upgrading our montana regional seismic network in the field.





cowboy silhouette. photo by amanda rossi.





mbmg groundwater investigation program staff conducting fieldwork in the big hole near glen, montana. photo by jenna dohman.





big timber creek. photo by ashley huft.





beautiful sky at the hell creek formation, highway 24. photo by ryan davison.





<


>






our mission is to provide information for the sound use of montana’s geological and water resources. 
our vision is to be montana’s lead source of geologic and water information. 
as a non-regulatory state agency within the montana university system, we serve as montana’s geologic survey, addressing topics ranging from earthquake monitoring and geologic mapping to energy development and groundwater. we are housed on the campus of montana technological university and maintain a fully staffed office in billings. 
learn more about the mbmg 








 current events/featured topics



 2025 mbmg calendar
the 2025 mbmg calendar, featuring the montana tech mineral museum, is now available for sale!












mbmg outreach video: what do we do?
learn about the mbmg’s mission and some of our current projects, direct from our scientists.



 







 managed aquifer recharge in montana: new publication and app 
the mbmg recently published a screening study on the potential for managed aquifer recharge (mar) in montana. mar is a method of intentionally recharging groundwater for later use, either through surface infiltration or by injecting water into the subsurface and recovering it during times of need. this study determines locations across the state that appear suitable for mar surface 
                        infiltration methods based on the hydrogeology. explore this study from the  web application  or the  mbmg publication page.

                    












 mbmg research into critical minerals in montana
watch our video exploring the ongoing mbmg research into critical minerals in montana.









 mbmg on montana public radio 
mbmg's steve quane joined the big why on montana public radio to chat about the mystery of ringing rocks.  












 the mbmg gis data hub
the mbmg gis data hub site is our newly developed interactive web platform for everyone to explore our web maps and analytical web applications.  the hub site will also provide the download links for gis data of interest via individual web applications.  geology, geohazards, water resources, environmental studies, energy resources, and mineral resources gis data is all available via the gis hub site.



















interested in news on mbmg publications and activities? 
subscribe to our newsletter! 





						email address
					










						first name
					

						last name
					





















 











