target circle™️ card: save 5% at targetskip to main contentskip to footertarget circle™target circle™ cardtarget circle 360™registry & wish listweekly adfind storescategoriesdealsnew & featuredpickup & deliverysearchsign inwhich target circle™️ card is best for you?explore the benefits of each card type.compare cardsfor credit or debit cards:manage credit or debit accountfor reloadable cards: manage reloadable accounttarget circle™️ cardsave an extra 5%1 your way, every daysome restrictions apply. see below for program benefits and rules.1credit cardflexibility when you need it. subject to approval.get $50*in ¬circle rewards* when you spend $50** on your ¬circle credit card within the first 60 days following approval.apply for credit*offer redeemable through target circle™. offer details below.debit cardconnect your existing checking account.get $50*in ¬circle rewards* when you spend $50** on your ¬circle debit card within the first 60 days following approval.apply for debit*offer redeemable through target circle™. offer details below.reloadable cardload money. spend. repeat.get a $50 credit*when you open a target circle reloadable account and spend $50 at target.open reloadable*offer details below.find the card right for youbenefitscreditdebitreloadable5% off1 every day at target and target.comyes: save 5% with circle cardyes: save 5% with circle cardyes: save 5% with circle cardno annual or monthly fees2yes: no annual or monthly feesyes: no annual or monthly feesyes: no annual or monthly feesfree 2-day shipping1 on hundreds of thousands of items at target.comyes: free 2-day shippingyes: free 2-day shippingyes: free 2-day shippingtarget circle™️ card exclusives and offers1yes: circle card exclusivesyes: circle card exclusivesyes: circle card exclusivesmore return time - get an additional 30 days for returns and exchanges at target1yes: more return timeyes: more return timeyes: more return timepay for your target purchases directly from your existing checking account (purchases generally take 1-3 days to process)— no: pay from checking accountyes: pay from checking account—no: pay from checking accountadd cash for free at target and spend anywhere visa® debit cards are accepted— no: add cash for free—no: add cash for freeyes: add cash for freeearn 2% on dining and gas purchases3 and 1% everywhere else outside of target3: target mastercard exclusiveyes: earn 2% on dining and gas—no: earn 2% on dining and gas—no: earn 2% on dining and gascash withdrawal of up to $40 at checkout— no: cash withdrawalyes: cash withdrawalyes: cash withdrawal1 some restrictions apply. see below for target circle™️ card benefits and program rules.2 see below for credit card rates and fees. see below for debit card agreement and fees. see below for reloadable account rates and fees.3 only for guests approved for a target mastercard. restrictions apply. learn more.1 some restrictions apply. see below for target circle™️ card benefits and program rules.2 see below for credit card rates and fees. see below for debit card agreement and fees. see below for reloadable account rates and fees.3 only for guests approved for a target mastercard. restrictions apply. learn more.apply for creditapply for debitopen a reloadableapply for creditapply for debitopen a reloadableyour everyday 5%1 discount applies to so much more.1 1some restrictions apply. see below for target circle™️ card benefits & program rules.starbuckssave 5% at any in store location.1specialty gift cardssave 5% on specialty gift cards for travel, restaurants, movie tickets, and more.1drive upstay in your car and save 5%.1same day deliverysave 5% on your same day delivery order placed on target.com.1target circlethe free and easy way to get the most deals and rewards at target.learn more$50 offget same day delivery & more for just $49/year, when you have a target circle™ card1apply for creditapply for debitopen a reloadable1some restrictions apply.see belowfor program benefits and rules.target circle™️ card benefits & program rulesextended returns program ruleswhen you make purchases with your target circle card account, target debit card, target credit card or target™ mastercard® (each, a “target circle™ card”) at target stores or target.com, you will receive 30 additional days to return the purchases beyond the standard return policy applicable to each of the purchased items. target reserves the right to discontinue or alter the terms of this program at any time.target circle™ card extended returns do not apply to the following:target optical purchasesnon-returnable itemscontract mobile phonesonline purchases of supplemental nutrition assistance program (snap) eligible items using both electronic benefits transfer (ebt) and a target circle card for paymentfree shipping at target.com program ruleswhen you use your target circle card account, target debit card, target credit card or target™ mastercard® (each, a “target circle™ card”) on target.com, you will receive free shipping on your target.com purchases. offer applies on standard shipping to all 50 states and the district of columbia as well as apo/fpo addresses and puerto rico. if you upgrade your shipping method, shipping fees will apply. target may offer promotions for free shipping on upgraded shipping methods, and the terms of those promotions will be described in the offer. select items may require a minimum purchase threshold before the order will be shipped. orders delivered by shipt may have a delivery fee. this offer is not valid on previous orders or where otherwise prohibited by law. target reserves the right to discontinue or alter the terms of this program at any time.free 2-day shippingwhen you use your target circle card for your target.com purchases, you receive free standard shipping on most items and free 2-day shipping on eligible items. thousands of items qualify for 2-day shipping. item eligibility and assortment vary by market and are determined by the location of the item and the destination zip code. if an item is eligible for 2-day shipping, it’ll be noted on the product detail page and on the cart & check out page. place your order by the order cutoff time to receive 2-day shipping on select items to select zip codes. refer to the product detail page for estimated delivery dates. visit target.com/2dayshipping for general delivery guidelines.exclusive extras benefittarget circle card holders will be offered exclusive extras, including special items and offers (collectively, “exclusive extras”). every exclusive extra may not be available to every target circle card holder, and the selection of target circle card holders for a specific exclusive extra may be based on criteria, such as previous purchases or geographic location. target circle card holders may need to be fully enrolled in target circle™ to redeem offers. exclusive extras are planned throughout the year at our sole discretion and may vary from year to year. exclusive extras may have limitations and restrictions. applicable details for a specific exclusive extra will be provided in communications about the exclusive extra.no annual or monthly feescredit card rates & feesdebit card agreements & feestarget circle™ card reloadable account agreements & fees$500 baby savings$500 savings based on estimated year one spend of $1,000 on diapers and supplies, $1,820 on formula, $1,095 on food, $2,000 on nursery furniture, $1,000 on clothes and up to $2,770 on baby gear such as strollers, car seats, baby monitors and more. estimated annual spending example from thebump.com/a/advice-for-saving-up-for-a-baby. target circle™ card savings may vary and will depend on actual purchases made with a target circle™ card. target circle™ card credit card purchases are subject to available credit. target circle™ card reloadable purchases are subject to available funds.$675 grocery savings$675 annual savings based on the may 2021 official usda food plan average costs for a family of 4 (2 adults, children aged 6-8 and 9-11) with a moderate cost plan estimated spending of $1128.20 per month https://fns-prod.azureedge.us/sites/default/files/resource-files/cost_of_food_low_moderate_liberal_food_plans_november_2023.pdf. target circle™ card savings may vary and will depend on actual purchases made with the target circle™ card. target circle™ card purchases are subject to available credit. target circle™ card reloadable purchases are subject to available funds.get $50 on a future qualifying purchase over $50 when approved for credit, debit or reloadable target circle™ cardget $50 in target circle rewards when you spend $50 or more on qualifying purchasesget $50 in target circle rewards when you spend $50 or more on qualifying purchases in-store or at target.com with your target circle debit or credit card within 60 days of approval. terms apply to target circle rewards. this offer does not apply to mail in applications. the offer will be added to your target circle account within 24 hours of approval. target circle rewards will expire after one year if you have not earned or redeemed any target circle rewards for one year. qualifying purchases exclude alcohol, target giftcards, visa, american express and mastercard gift cards/prepaid cards, cvs pharmacy, clinic, and target optical. target circle rewards will expire after one year if you have not earned or redeemed them. your expiration date can be found on target.com/circle or under wallet tab in the target app.get a $50 credit when you open a target circle card reloadable account & spend $50 at target.to receive a $50 statement credit for the target circle card reloadable account , you must successfully register at targetcirclereloadable.com for a new account, then activate the personalized card once received in the mail and spend $50 (net of reversals/returns) at target (“$50 transaction”) with your activated personalized card within 45 days of registration. (purchases made with virtual temporary card do not qualify.) statement credit will be posted to the account within 30 days of the $50 transaction. the $50 transaction must occur in one transaction at a target location or at target.com; if you get cash back at the register during your purchase, the transaction will not qualify for this promotion. limit one (1) acquisition credit per guest in their lifetime (including redcard reloadable account). offer subject to change or cancellation at any time. this optional offer is not provided by pathward.footer

