


africa speaks.com - encouraging deeper historical reflections to shed light on our past, present and future













rasta timeshowcomyoucomrootsie rootsraceandhistorytrinicenteramonhotep




main menu




· about us
· articles/archive
· map of africa
· news weblog
· highlight
· black history
· rastafari archive
· marcus garvey
· haile selassie
· baba ras marcus
· poetry
· quotes
· reasoning archive
· chat rooms
· books@amazon
· amazon store
· videos
· rootswomen
· www links
· news sources



features




· stephen rwangyezi
· uwi trip to kenya
· somalia crisis
· zimbabwe watch
· sudan crisis
· haiti's coup
· venezuela/chávez



interactive
(registration required for some features)




· interactive home
· stories archive
· photo gallery
· recommend us
· feedback
· avantgo
· amazon shopping



books




the theory of celestial influence: man, the universe and cosmic mystery by rodney collin
wise women of the dreamtime: aboriginal tales of the ancestral powers by k. langloh parkerdon't play in the sun : one woman's journey through the color complex by marita golden
mis-education of the negro by carter g. woodsonthe groundings with my brothers by walter rodneytwo thousand seasons by ayi kwei armahawakening osiris: the egyptian book of the dead by normandi ellis





 forums | weblog | rastafari interactive
thinking africans allowed


 rastafari speaks message board reasoning forum


protests in niger are bigger than they've ever been. only a month after overthrowing the president, protesters are now focusing their anger on their former colonial power, france. and it's not just the protesters – niger's top court also approved the expulsion of france's ambassador. france's president, emmanuel macron, insists the ambassador will stay. so what's next for niger and for france's slippery hold on francophone africa?

in gabon, general brice oligui nguema has been sworn in as the president of the transition. no time line has been given yet about how long the transition in gabon will last. nguema is a cousin of the ousted president ali bongo. palki sharma tells you more.

the african continent has been under european siege for 600 years. the current form of white men telling africans to shut up and do as they are told are called "sanctions". listen to rutendo matinyarare explaining the origins and effects of the illegal us and european sanctions on his home country, zimbabwe. rutendo is a leader of the zimbabwe anti sanction movement (zasm) and an expert on the country's foreign policy.

african countries are now pro-actively working on creating alternative systems to participate in the global economy outside of the control of us and european empire. cooperation among african nations and with nations not favoured by the west will increase on basis of local currencies and new systems. this is the second part of a talk with rutendo matinyarare, a zimbabwen anti-sanctions activist and public intellectual.



search:

rastafarispeaks
africaspeaks
rastaspeaks
amonhotep
rootswomen
raceandhistory

 





rwanda, the enduring lies: a project censored interview with professor ed herman
by ann garrison - black agenda report
nowhere is the big lie more powerful than in the corporate and official western version of events in rwanda and the congo, where tutsi dictator and u.s. hit-man paul kagame is responsible for the worst genocides since world war two. scholar edward herman and a few others have struggled for two decades to reveal the truth about the events in rwanda.
the most dangerous american idea no belief in the history of the united states has been more threatening to democracy than the certainty that only white people are fit for self-government. by adam serwer
more...

war over u.s. military base quest in somalia rages on
march 01, 2023 : jamal abdulahi
a conflict between somali unionists and secessionists was spawned by a u.s. attempt to acquire a military base. war and a humanitarian crisis are the end result.
to solve the crisis permanently, force the us to stop backing notorious white warlords in haiti
october 12, 2022 : jafrikayiti
haiti's oligarchy of light skinned, "white" families are the rulers of the country and act in collusion with the u.s. to maintain their power and prevent the emergence of a sovereign nation which operates on behalf of all its people.
what black america means to europe
june 06, 2020 : gary younge
from the vantage point of a continent that both resents and covets american power, and is in no position to do anything about it, african-americans represent to many europeans a redemptive force: the living proof that the us is not all it claims to be and that it could be so much greater...
david williams studies health disparities in america
february 21, 2018 : delia o'hara
the work of david williams, phd, illuminates the damage that discrimination does to individuals, how it hurts their health and prospects, and how it shortens lives.


more articles:



standing with venezuela and iran
april 11, 2019 : vijay prashad
robert mugabe: an african hero
september 07, 2019 : raceandhistory.com
what globalism did was to transfer the us economy to china
august 21, 2019 : paul craig roberts
u.s. uses international finance system to strangle venezuelan economy
march 14, 2019 : democracy now
how the u.s. is strangling haiti as it attempts regime change in venezuela
february 19, 2019 : vijay prashad
trump's coup in venezuela: the full story
january 30, 2019 : eric draitser
how long is the shelf-life of damnable racist capitalist lies?
august 22, 2018 : by glen ford
martial law by other means: corporate strangulation of dissent
august 09, 2018 : by glen ford
the british royal wedding, feelgoodism and the colonial jumbie
may 20 2018 : by tyehimba salandy
the shooters in the rye
may 07 2018 : by robert anderson
liberal ire at trump and cambridge analytica is misdirected from billionaires who own your data
march 22, 2018 : by bruce a. dixon



forums and message boards:
africa speaks reasoning | rastafari | rootsie | trinidad


videos:

how racism makes us sick by david r. williams
why does race matter so profoundly for health? david r. williams developed a scale to measure the impact of discrimination on well-being, going beyond traditional measures like income and education to reveal how factors like implicit bias, residential segregation and negative stereotypes create and sustain inequality. in this eye-opening talk, williams presents evidence for how racism is producing a rigged system -- and offers hopeful examples of programs across the us that are working to dismantle discrimination.
zimbabwe takes back its land
a discussion with the authors of the new book, zimbabwe takes back its land which offers a nuanced assessment of land reform, countering the dominant media narratives of oppression and economic stagnation in zimbabwe.
the french african connection
the first episode of this three-part series untangles the web of political connections between france and its former african colonies.
the modern racist paradigm
this documentary exposes the "white" media's long-term agenda to standardize caucasian people as the "social norm" for general society.
a docu-series about latino identity
negro is a docu-series exploring latino identity in the u.s. and abroad. historical and present day issues of racism, colorism and social consequences of the color complex among latinos by dash harris.
the zionist story - ronen berelovich
the zionist story, an independent film by ronen berelovich, is the story of ethnic cleansing, colonialism and apartheid to produce a demographically jewish state.
the jewish question - dr. tony martin
in 1993, martin published the jewish onslaught: despatches from the wellesley battlefront (the majority press). it was praised by a number of reviewers. however, the chair of martin's department at wellesley, selwyn r. cudjoe, labelled martin's book "gangsta history, meant to demean and to defame others and to bring them into disrepute, rather than to enlighten and to lead us to a more complex and sophisticated understanding of social phenomena.
vodun and haiti - prof. james smalls
professor james smalls speaks about vodun and what it means to african development.

more videos here and here
 




ethiopian orthodoxchurch christmas

rastafari family daynovember 14, 2010

mansions of rastafarimeet in siparia




rastafari:

colorado's 4/20 rally 2014: is the rebellion over?
by triniview.com reporters - june 30, 2014

trinidad rastas advocate for reparations and marijuana legalisation
by triniview.com reporters - april 04, 2014

rastafari people remain african liberators
by baba ras marcus
mansions of rastafari meet in siparia
event date: november 22, 2009 - triniview.com
ras marcus speaks on the rasta movement
ras tyehimba interviews ras marcus
demystifying the issue of repatriation
by ras jahaziel
baba ras marcus: rastafari and religion
by baba ras marcus

more rastafari articles
 


ex british ambassador makes astonishing speech about tony blair, george bush, war and profit



highlights:

britain's colonial shame: slave-owners given huge payouts after abolition by sanchez manning

zimbabwe empowerment lessons for south africa
by rumbidzayi zinyuke
no compensation for slaves by george alleyne


more highlights
 







shopping
amazon store

♦ african books
♦ contemporary
♦ trinidad/tobago
must read!

inside syria: the backstory of their civil war and what the world can expect by reese erlich
rwanda and the new scramble for africa: from tragedy to useful imperial fiction by robin philpot
zimbabwe takes back its land by joseph hanlon, jeannette manjengwa, teresa smart
zimbabwe's land reform: myths and realities
by ian scoones et al




before joining
 facebook,
check this video. 




 on twitter






featurewebsite



diodorus siculus the library of history
masseiana: dedicated to gerald massey (1828-1907)
containing his four major works: "a book of the beginnings", "the natural genesis", "ancient egypt, the light of the world" and "the lectures"
thanks karibkween


books




layers of blackness: colourism in the african diaspora by deborah gabriel






privacy policy | terms of use | feedback
copyright © africaspeaks.com




