





slingblade interactive › wordpress & seo experts















































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footer

 +1 (949) 418-5100
 info@slingblade.com

slingblade interactivewordpress & seo expertswordpress care plans
retargeting
blog
free website audit ›
got wordpress?
we specialize in wordpress website design & development, seo, optimization for speed, performance and security – so you can focus on what you do best to grow your business and revenue – serving your customers!

apply for a free website audit ›
your competitors are stealing your customers

we're already well into 2024 and if the global pandemic taught us anything is that it's no longer optional for a business to have a website – it's paramount!
whether you're a solo entrepreneur, small mom & pop shop, or a larger business  – your success in the marketplace is entirely dependent on your online presence – now more than ever!
and no, any website won't do!
it needs to be mobile responsive, load lightning fast, and optimized for seo in order drive traffic – and then convert the visitors to paying customers. so if you don't have a competetive website that performs, your competitors will steal your lunch.
let's take a look at your current website and find out how it stacks up against the competition, explore what we can do to bring you more customers and boost your revenue – apply for a no-obligations, free website audit today!
don't yet have a website? contact us for a free proposal and quote.


apply for a free website audit ›

the simple 3-step framework to a profitable website

long gone are the days of having a static brochure website that is stale, outdated and does nothing to bring in new customers. your website should be a sales tool that generates fresh revenue, so let's put it to work and earn its keep!
the bad news is that your competitors are already doing this, essentially stealing your lunch, but the good news is that you're now only 3 steps away to get even…



step 1
conduct a website audit
first you will apply for a no-obligations, free website audit. during this comprehensive deep dive we'll "look under the hood" to measure download speed & performance; run critical security diagnostics; and seo analysis, among other things.


step 3
assess & implement
first you will apply for a no-obligations, free website audit. during this comprehensive deep dive we'll "look under the hood" to measure download speed & performance; run critical security diagnostics; and seo analysis, among other things.


step 2
reap the rewards
first you will apply for a no-obligations, free website audit. during this comprehensive deep dive we'll "look under the hood" to measure download speed & performance; run critical security diagnostics; and seo analysis, among other things.



digital marketing for local businesses
local seo, facebook & instagram ads, google adwords, optimized citation listings on google my business, yelp, and tripadvisor, are just a few of the many ways to leverage digital marketing to acquire new customers in your geographical area.	



	local seo

local seo for small businesses.


geo-targeted online ads

facebook ads & google adwords services.


local business citations
google my business, yelp and tripadvisor.

wordpress care plans

our wordpress care plans are the perfect turnkey solution you've been looking for to ease your pain of having to deal with wp core, theme & plugin updates, making sure it's secure and protected from hackers, malware and bots, and most importantly — keeping your wordpress web site up and running 24/7/365 to serve your customers so you can continue to grow and scale your business.

looking for something unique not listed below? need to add a digital marketing service such as email outreach, social media management, or perhaps paid ads? contact us for a custom care plan that's tailor-made for your wordpress web site.

basic plan
$147/month*


 wordpress core, theme & plugin updates (monthly)
post update cleanup & qa
daily offsite cloud backups
database cleaning and optimization
backup restoration service
comment spam filtering & ip blocking
security monitoring
basic email support (<48 hours)

get started ›
pro plan
$397/month*


everything in basic plan plus:

 wordpress core, theme & plugin updates (weekly)
24/7/365 uptime monitoring
malware monitoring & removal
firewall protection
woocommerce support & maintenance <25 skus
priority email support (<24 hours)

get started ›
business plan
$997/month*


everything in professional plan plus:

unlimited web site content edits
google analytics & search console connected & monitored
brute force protection
ip whitelist/lockout
2fa login security
woocommerce support & maintenance >25 skus
priority 24/7 phone support

get started ›
don’t just take our word for it

	word of mouth remains the most powerful customer acquisition tool we have, and we are immensely grateful for the trust and confidence our clients have placed in us.
slingblade interactive developed our new wordpress web site and we couldn't be more satisfied! and thanks to the marketing plan they implemented for us, including sales funnels, email/sms/chatbot campaigns and paid ads, our revenue has doubled in the last 9 months alone. these guys are the real deal!


	asa wrange
	optimal health, beverly hills


this agency does fantastic work and is the only one i trust to handle all my content needs. they're very patient and creative with everything we've worked on — which has been a lot, but the proof is in the results! the feedback from industry to lay people, have always been one of amazement and awe.


	karnell matthews
	recording artist & producer

it's no secret i'm tech-challenged, so to have a team that not only updates my wordpress site with fresh new content, but also ensures the back-end runs smoothly, has been invaluable. i cannot afford my site to be compromised so i feel great knowing i can depend on them to make sure it's safe from hackers and malware.


	margaret leslie davis
	award winning author


trusted – 23 years and counting…
as a local business owner, what is your biggest challenge right now? are you on target to meet the revenue goals you set for q2 and q3 of 2022? let us help!
yes, help me scale and grow my business ›
footer 


take action
free website audit
wordpress care plans
retargeting pixel
kajabi workshop
contact us


headquarters
slingblade interactive
info@slingblade.com
+1 (949) 418-5100


copyright© 2025 slingblade interactive · all rights reserved worldwide terms of service · privacy policy · disclaimer







