








ignet | council of the inspectors general on integrity and efficiency; ignet



























































skip to main content














interested in becoming
an inspector general?
interested in becoming an inspector general?






report waste, fraud
abuse, or retaliation
report waste fraud, abuse, or retaliation






 
 






 

council of the inspectors general on integrity and efficiency; ignet



 








search form

search 





 




cigiegoverning documentsig actmissioncharterstrategic planperformance plancommitteesauditfederal audit executive councilbudgettechnologyinspection & evaluationintegrityinvestigationslegislationprofessional developmentworkgroups & roundtablescigie coachingconnect, collaborate, and learn (ccl) working groupdisaster assistance working groupenterprise risk management (erm) working grouphomeland security roundtableliftpandemic response accountability committeeleadership & staffleadership & stafforganizational chartinspectors generalabout the igsfaqig actig act historyig directoryannual oig community awardspresidental transition handbooksenator john glenn video2018 commemorationresourcescigie governing documentsquality standardsmanuals & guidesig actreports & publicationscongressional justificationstop management and performance challengesjournal of public inquirylegislative resourcesig peer reviewsperformance review boardslinks & external resourcesfoia reading roomrelated resources and sitestraining institutetraining instituteadditional learning resourcesgao center for audit excellencethe department of defense’s national defense universityfoiafoiaannual chief foia officer reportsannual foia reportsfoia reading roomfoia guide and handbookfoia regulationscigie foia quarterly reportscareersevents 

 















 https://www.ignet.gov/sites/default/files/files/toolkit%2520for%2520identifying%… 
  
 toolkit for identifying and reporting monetary impact
 

 https://www.ignet.gov/sites/default/files/files/fisma%20capstone%20report%20may%… 
  
 fisma capstone report (2024)
 

 https://www.ignet.gov/sites/default/files/files/cigieannualreporttothepresidentf… 
  
 annual report to the president and congress
fiscal year 2023
 

 https://www.ignet.gov/sites/default/files/files/993-087cigie-tmpcreport9-12.pdf 
  
 this report represents the third time the council of the inspectors general on integrity and efficiency (cigie) has created a summary of the top challenges facing federal agencies as identified by those agencies’ respective offices of inspector general (oigs).
 

  
 oversight.gov, a “one stop shop” to follow the work of inspectors general. view the latest reports and more.
website | twitter | video
 

 https://www.ignet.gov/sites/default/files/cigie%2520presidential%2520transition%… 
  
 presidential transition handbook
 

  
 visit the pandemic response accountability committee’s website
 


 

 




what is cigie?

the council of the inspectors general on integrity and efficiency (cigie) is an independent entity established within the executive branch to address integrity, economy and effectiveness issues that transcend individual government agencies and aid in the establishment of a professional, well-trained and highly skilled workforce in the offices of inspectors general.
learn more
find us on 


 
 









ignetwelcome to ignet serving as a portal to the federal inspector general communitywhose primary responsibilities, to the american public, are to detect and prevent fraud, waste, abuse, and violations of law and to promote economy, efficiency and effectiveness in the operations of the federal government.
the inspector general act of 1978, as amended, establishes the responsibilities and duties of an ig. the ig act has been amended to increase the number of agencies with statutory igs. in 1988 came the establishment of igs in smaller, independent agencies and there are now 73 statutory igs.
ignet also serves as the purveyor of information, to the american public, from the council of the inspectors general on integrity and efficiency (cigie). "the inspector general act of 1978 as amended by the ig reform act of 2008"created the cigie combining what were formerly known as the "pcie" (president's council on integrity and efficiency) and the "ecie" (executive council on integrity and efficiency). the cigie has 7 committees, audit, information technology, inspection and evaluation, investigations, integrity, legislation and professional development as well as several related organizations.
the cigie training institute provides specialized training to the ig community.



 




quick links


mission & organization
leadership
committees
charter
strategic plan
performance plan
business plan
related resources and sites
quality standards
training institute
about the igs
gao fraudnet



 
 






quick links



quality standards
for government audits, investigations, inspections, evaluations, management, operations and conduct in federal oigs





training institute
ig specific training & professional development






manuals & guides
guidance and best practice documents for the oigs





cigie committees
information from cigie's standing committees, working groups and roundtables





reports & periodicals
cigie annual reports and semiannual journal of public inquiry




oig job vacancies
job opportunities and vacancy announcements within the federal oig community


 

 




45th anniversary of the ig act

president jimmy carter signed the bipartisan legislation into law on october 12, 1978, at the time establishing 12 presidentially appointed inspectors general in federal departments and agencies to provide independent oversight and promote economy, efficiency, and effectiveness throughout the federal government. read more here.




upcoming events

to be announced
view all


 
 










about cigie
governing documents
training institute
committees
careers
frequently asked questions



 






resources
ig act
ig directory
quality standards
manuals & guides
reports & publications
oversight.gov



 






news
newsroom
annual progress reports to the president



 






contact us
ig social media directory



 






site map
no fear act
foia
web policies & notices
accessibility
usa.gov



 
 
  







