
























oracle tourbillon watches - the divinity of time














www.oracletime.com
www.tourbillonwatch.com
www.tourbillonwatches.com
www.divinityoftime.com
www.oscillatingvortex.com
www.certifiedtourbillon.com


the flying tourbillon ... a gravity
		defying clock that beats within a clock.  the heartbeat of a
		tourbillon is a masterful complication that has a soul of it's own. 
		a captivating show of universal balance traveling through time while
		flaunting it's skillful complexity creating a hypnotic desire that never
		grows old.designed by the master watchmaker abraham louis breguet
		back in 1795, tourbillons have long been one of the most sought after
		timepieces by the famous and wealthy.  watchmakers like girard-perregaux,
		audemars piguet, franck muller, zenith, cartier, ulysse nardin, jaeger-lecoultre,
		patek philippe, blancpain, vacheron constantin, iwc, corum, and of
		course breguet... have dedicated their most skillful horologists into
		creating their own tourbillon collections.  these tourbillon
		watches easily demand prices averaging a range of $75,000 to $350,000
		due to it's enduring prestige and elusiveness.
we welcome you to discover oracle tourbillon timepieces.
an emerging company that has a passion for creating these beautiful
		mechanical masterpieces. 
		not only for the most discerning watch collectors... but also for the
		few of us that are hard working professionals that can appreciate the
		deep knowledge, skill and dedication it requires to build a world class
		tourbillon.  we appreciate people like you.  those who seek to
		yield the fruits of hard work by living life to it's fullest... whether
		it be in family, career, lasting relationships, but most of all - with
		themselves.together we will unmask the tourbillon's mystique by
		taking away the control from the overly priced watch cartel brands. our
		tourbillons are meticulously assembled by hand and individually tested
		for 72 hours to ensure accurate and flawless functionality.
		we foresee an oracle timepiece in your future.
		some of our watches are now directly available online:
		visit the oracle etsy store
visit the oracle poshmark closet
visit the oracle ebay store
coming soon! oracle amazon store






in production - enhanced tourbillon collection



daedalusmasculine appealmoon dial, power reserveview movement
heliosdistinguishedmoon dial, gmt clockview movement
artisandetailed carvingswhirlwind dial, roman numeralsview movement
modestaminimalist mindeddeep contrast black & stainless markers


maldivescasual flairsandy dial, relaxed simplicity
machinabold stainless case & bandgmt clock, power reserve
dreamscapepure elegancemoon dial, gmt clock, power reserveview movement
tempestsharp angleswhirlwind dial, professionalview movement (white)view movement (black)


byzantineskeleton artistrymoon dial, gmt clock, diamondsview movement
cadencegraceful rhythmmoon dial, gmt clock, power reserve
excelsiorexemplifies powermoon dial, gmt clock, luxurious sheen
cavalierswiss inspiredguilloche with etched roman numeralsview movement



upcoming production - advanced horological technology



cosmosgenuine meteorite dialdouble barrel skeleton
sirenwomen's tourbillonmother of pearldiamond bezelview movement (white)view movement (rose)
prestigebeautiful classic tourbillonunique roman numerals
espritdouble tourbillonfiligree skeleton



the oscillating vortex - beyond tourbillon



genesisoscillating vortexguilloche dial


the tourbillon:  what is it?

		traditional time keeping in mechanical watches is accomplished by moving components known as the balance wheel and its escapement assembly.
		these components are in fixed positions within the watch's movement where the balance wheel oscillates left to right at a rate that's managed
		by the escapement assembly.  the escapement assembly is powered by the watch's energy source - the uncoiling of the main spring located in the
		barrel. the main spring is typically charged by winding the watch's crown or combined with the movement of a rotor found in automatic watches.
		
		during the 18th century, the mechanical pocket watch was the only means of portable time keeping. pocket watches are typically in a constant
		vertical position.  due to gravitational forces, this type of watch had the tendency of suffering rate deviations against its balance wheel
		and escapement depending on the watch's position. different positions will always affect the way energy is distributed in mechanical timekeeping
		thereby deteriorating the watch's overall accuracy.
		
		it was the invention of the tourbillon by louis abraham breguet in 1895 that was designed to defeat this positional rate error.  he allowed the
		fixed balance wheel and the escapement assembly both to rotate clockwise 360 degrees by attaching them to a separate single rotating cage. a
		complete rotation of the tourbillon's cage is equivalent to one minute making it the watch's seconds indicator.  its function is powered from
		the same energy coming off the uncoiling of the main spring.  that energy is now redirected into a newly added pinion that sits directly behind
		the tourbillon's cage powering it to rotate clockwise while being committed to a separate fix gear wheel.
		
		in theory, the circular rotation of the time keeping components should effectively cancel out the gravitational rate errors that the vertical
		sitting pocket watch suffers from, essentially averaging out all positional errors.
		
		today, in the 21st century, wrist watches are the standard and predominantly used over pocket watches.  watch critics would now argue that the
		tourbillon's original purpose isn't necessarily needed because the wrist watch is always in some motion occupying many positions when people use
		their hands for everyday tasks.
		
		however, watch enthusiasts do not judge the tourbillon's necessity this way.  instead, tourbillons are still considered a staple of intricate
		complexity with its highly disciplined craft. constructing a tourbillon movement cannot be autonomously mass produced, maintained or adjusted
		without a skilled and experienced master watch horologist.  luxury watch brands typically control the tourbillon market by suppressing its
		technical knowledge and to acquire the best qualified watchmakers who possess the necessary skills needed in producing tourbillon timepieces.
		this 'cartel like' strategy keeps the tourbillon mystique elusive to the masses and demands a high price tag from those who can afford it.
		
oracle oscillating vortex: a better tourbillon




		oracle's oscillating vortex can also be technically considered another form of the tourbillon's original purpose.  by design, it is also
		effective in canceling out the negative effects of gravity but it does it better by subjecting the time keeping components onto two axial
		planes - both horizontally & vertically.
		
		as previously described... breguet's tourbillon cage design embraces all the time keeping components, balance wheel and escapement assembly,
		to rotate in a horizontal clockwise direction.  the solution however only operates on a single dimensional plane (horizontally) that rotates
		on fixed wheel below it which is also shares the same horizontal orientation.
		
		oracle's oscillating vortex cage design also embraces all the time keeping components like the balance wheel and escapement assembly but the
		the difference is that it allows the harmonic oscillation of the balance and escapement to freely function on one single dimensional plane
		(horizontally) while simultaneously rotating the entire oscillating bracket assembly in a perpendicular rotary direction (vertical).  this
		vertical rotating mechanism is what we describe as the vortex.  the vortex's cage is mounted horizontally and its mechanism rotates 360
		degrees vertically for every passing minute also making it the watch's seconds indicator as well.
		
		oracle's oscillating vortex emulates a 'bi-axial' environment by creating a true bi-dimensional tourbillon platform.  the oscillation of the
		balance wheel and escapement are now performing within and committed to a perpendicular vortex rotation.  the spacial effects of the dual
		rotations simultaneously will overcome deficiencies that even a single axial tourbillon cannot replicate.  the oscillating vortex offers a
		multiplying spectrum of available timekeeping positions thereby minimizing gravitational deviations - a higher level of optimal accuracy.
		
		this patented design mechanism also incorporates shock absorbers to the most essential rotational shafts of the movement.  the watch's
		jewels are cohesively mounted within them.  the central upper and lower shafts of the enhanced oscillating bracket assembly are each mounted
		with its own shock absorber. additionally, shock absorbers are also mounted in both shaft ends of the vortex's rotation.  during operation
		these shockproof devices will provide decent resistance to any interference from external impact forces.  the design provides extreme efforts
		to ensuring reliable simultaneous functioning of both horizontal harmonic oscillation and the vortex's vertical rotation.
		
		effectively, it should be easy to see that oracle's oscillating vortex an improved version of the tourbillon. it might also extend the argument
		that tourbillons are no longer necessary due to the constant movement of mechanical wrist watches.  an oscillating vortex wrist watch would
		technically be more effective in providing broader positioning because human hands and arms cannot rotate 360 degrees like the vortex component.
		
		an oracle oscillating vortex wrist watch is a timepiece work of art.  its alluring dance is a gravity defying clock that beats within a clock.
		the oscillating vortex is a masterful complication that has a soul of its own.  a captivating show of universal balance traveling through time
		while flaunting its skillful complexity creating a hypnotic desire that never grows old.
		
		we foresee an oracle timepiece in your future.
		





diagrams of the oracle oscillating vortex














visit counter:    1,643,952





