







métis nation of ontario (mno) | métis people & communities






































































skip to content





facebook




twitter




instagram




linkedin




youtube





search












				main navigation			


 








about

the métis nation of ontario
telling our stories: sharing our history and truth
resources on métis communities & history in ontario
métis voyageur
ontario métis facts


programs & services

one mno navigators
community wellbeing
healing & wellness
education & training
housing & infrastructure
lands, resources & consultations
intergovernmental relations
economic development


governance

mno election 2024
self-government
governing structure
aga business
reference documents


community councils

overview
community relations team
community council elections
community council vacancies
community council contacts
community councils map


registry

registry overview
citizenship
harvesting
rights


 




















telling our stories: sharing our history and truthin 2021, the métis national council annual general assembly passed a resolution calling for formation of an expert panel to review the history of the seven métis communities in ontario through the lens of the mnc national definition and contemporary métis governance.learn moregrand opening of sault ste. marie métis heritage centrethe centre it’s a symbol of resilience, community, pride, and a powerful reminder of the deep history that métis people have in the area.learn morehunt for justiceseptember 19th is powley day. watch this powerful documentary chronicling the landmark supreme court of canada decision in the powley caseclick here 


 previous slide


 next slide















latest news 




clear waters métis council hosts winter feastmno participates in 2025 métis nation global summitpcmno meeting recap: january 17, 2025free wildfire training opportunity for métis youthmétis author wins award for historical fictionmno’s early learning winter kids camp: a celebration of culture and outdoor adventure





view all news 







latest video 




 




view all videos 











frequently accessed 



















one mno navigators

one mno navigators are a one-stop solution for people looking for help from the mno. you can reach navigators during business hours. if you do not connect immediately, navigators will respond within 2 business days.                        









métis registry & citizenship

the métis nation of ontario (mno) maintains the only recognized provincial registry for métis people who are eligible rights holders in ontario.                        









education & training

the mno’s education & training branch offers programs and services to métis clients.                        









healing & wellness

the mno offers healing and wellness programming to métis and indigenous individuals in need of assistance.                        









housing & infrastructure

the mno offers programs and services for métis people across the housing continuum from homelessness to homeownership                        









lands, resources & consultations

the mno consults on proposed government and industry projects that may impact métis rights, interests, or way of life as part of the regional métis consultation protocol.                        









self-government

with our core self-government agreement in hand, the mno is moving forward together to build a constitution and implement self-government. let’s build our métis government together.                        









culture & heritage

the métis are a distinct indigenous people with a unique history, culture, language, and territory. learn more about who we are.                        









intergovernmental relations

the mno works extensively with the government of ontario and the government of canada to advance métis rights and recognition. learn more about our intergovernmental work.                        









update your contact information

it is important that you update your contact information with the mno registry so that you don’t miss important updates. update your contact information here.                        









view all services 


















grow your career with the mno
to learn more about our current employment and internship opportunities see our careers page.
learn more 












self-government agreement
history was made on june 27, 2019 when the mno and the government of canada signed the métis government recognition and self-government agreement.
learn more 












métis voyageur development fund
the métis voyageur development fund provides financing and business development support for métis-owned businesses.
learn more 












one mno navigators
our navigator team is here to guide you through everything mno has to offer.
learn more 











 previous


 next
























métis nation of ontario
	suite 1100 – 66 slater street
ottawa, on 
k1p 5h1
click here to email us


	tel.: 613-798-1488
	toll free: 1-800-263-4889 ext 7
	registry tel.: 613-798-1006
		registry toll free.: 1-855-798-1006
click here to email registry

connect with us
 twitter
 facebook
 instagram
 linkedin
 youtube

quick linksvoyageur newspaper
mno offices & staff
swag store
procurement opportunities
careers
contact us









© 2025 métis nation of ontario. all rights reserved. privacy policy
accessibility feedback form web design by envisionup








 



setting the record straight on métis people and communities in ontario. click here. 
+






































