









revelation illustrated























































revelation illustrated

revelation illustrated – a visual exploration of john’s visions







available at amazon:


hardcover
paperback
ebook




revelation illustrated this pioneering book brings john’s visions to life.powerful, clear-cut illustrations help you discover revelation’s beauty and discern its deeper connections and meaning.
john’s visions are plotted for you verse by verse in 420 illustrations. compact summary pages help visualize revelation’s meaning and broad outlines. thematic infographics zoom in to reveal elusive patterns, structures, and connections.
in revelation illustrated, ruben van der plas takes a revolutionary approach to exploring revelation. he neatly and meticulously outlines the ancient book, successfully sidestepping having to take a theological side. this book offers a unique look at the apocalypse accessible to anyone eager to tackle the bible’s last book.
it’s your chance to catch a never before seen glimpse of the book of revelation.

mission:revelation illustrated is the product of seven years of reading, sketching, structuring and redrawing.as its author, my mission is to make the book of revelation accessible – not just to theologians, but everyone. please help spread the word. leave an amazon rating and review to give more people the chance to understand the apocalypse better.read here about the why behind this book.features:

420 vibrant verse-by-verse illustrations of john’s visions
compact summary pages that visualize the broad outlines
clear thematic infographics about characters, places, time, structure, symbolism, and references
scripture excerpts from the niv bible


“this graphic overview opens the reader’s eyes to the structure and message of the image-rich book of revelation.”
rob van houwelingen – new testament professor emeritus, kampen theological university, the netherlands


contact:revelation-illustrated@outlook.com










hardcover or paperback




phone




tablet




this book is a graphic retelling of the book of revelation




discover revelation’s deeper connections and significance.




compare and study the seven seals, trumpets and bowls.




john’s visions are depicted verse-by-verse as clearly and objectively as possible




clear thematic bible infographics about places, time, characters and more




associate recurring characters or images across chapters




compare and study  the listed time units.




study references and allusions to the hebrew bible.




“an indispensable tool for anyone eager to delve into what is often considered one of the bible’s most confouding books”










revelation illustrated is a pioneering infographic resource on the book of revelation from the bible, offering a unique and visually engaging way to understand and interpret the complex symbols and imagery found in the text.



revelation illustrated is a pioneering book that offers a zoomed-out perspective on the book of revelation from the bible, helping readers to understand the big picture and overall themes of the text through infographics and visual summaries.





scripture quotations taken from the holy bible, new international version® niv®copyright © 1973 1978 1984 2011 by biblica, inc. tmused by permission. all rights reserved worldwide.




 







































 














