












entertainment jobs and internships | entertainmentcareers.net®











































entertainment careers
job seekers
employers




 jobs
internships
my jobs
premium membership
resources
support


log in


 




entertainment jobs and internships
welcome to our community of curated jobs from 
      vetted employers. for 26 years, we have helped people start and build their careers in entertainment and digital media industries
browse jobs










featured job

executive assistant
confidential boutique talent management company looking for assistant to support co-founders and oscar-nominated producers


featured internship

summer / fall paid intern - studio casting
20th television intern at 20th television, you will support the casting team with the day-to-day responsibilities of the busy studio/network...


featured employer

verve
verve talent & literary agency is seeking a detailed-orientated communications and operations assistant.

are you an employer?   visit the employer center →




        popular job categories
        

assistant jobs
personal assistant jobs
production assistant
remote internships
social media jobs
crew/production
post production jobs
podcast jobs
casting jobs
tv/film production
internships
music jobs
pr/publicist/marketing
more jobs...




sign up for job alertget a weekly email of new jobs



why choose entertainmentcareers.net®?



                ‣ thousands of vetted employers
            
            we vet every company that posts with us. from tiny companies to big studio studios, nearly every  company in the 
            industry uses  our site. see here

        ‣ fresh curated postings
      
       listings are updated around the clock and we manually screen each  job and company before we post it to the site.
‣ exclusive listings
      many employers only post their listings on entertainmentcareers.net®.



                ‣ 26 year track record
            since 1999, we have helped tens of thousands of people find jobs and internships with over 300,000 jobs in 29,000 companies.

              ‣ job seeker tools
            
            we offer a membership that gives you access to jobs before they go to the general public and tools to make the job search easier..

‣ direct access
        employers come to us directly to post their listings so we only post jobs that are current.




 






support
report a problem
job seeker faq
employer faq
support site
contact us


employer
post a job
employer faq
premium posting
which employers uses our sevice?
employer support site


follow us
youtube
linkedin
facebook
x


site
rss feeds
terms of use
privacy policy
support site
contact us


the security of your information is of critical to us. we hire outside companies to test our security on a daily basis.
          




© 1999-2025 entertainmentcareers.net • 2118 wilshire blvd #401, santa monica, ca 90403
entertainmentcareers.net® is a trademark of entertainmentcareers.net, inc. and may not be used without permission
 










