





linx africa

































info@linx.co.za
+27 (0)83 265 4445
+27 (0)83 294 1855

























home
game reserves
game lodges
booking enquiries
the kruger
accommo
camping
trails

towns
 

















buffalo





elephant





aardwolf





squirrel





warthogs





roan antelope





brown hyaena





brown hyaena with pup










this is - linx africa - for tourism information & booking services


tourism information
linx africa offers tourism information in directory listings for accommodation, caravan & camp sites, trails, towns, game reserves, game lodges; and a separate directory listing for the greater kruger national park.
listings are arranged per province, tourism region and town - in alphabetical order.
the directory listings provide contact information for the establishments - either for the owner, the manager, the booking agent or a real-time, on-line booking service. please tell us if you find any errors.
we ask owners to let us know us if your listing must be updated, or if you wish to be listed. the cost is r360,00 once-off. all you need to do is email the details for your listing to us.


booking services
we are in partnership with smiles travels. they take care of booking enquiries and booking confirmations for game lodges and safaris in southern africa.
their service is personalised and focus on prime safari destinations in southern africa - botswana, kenya, namibia, south africa, tanzania and uganda.
the booking service is available at southern african game reserves, pilanesberg game reserve and madikwe game reserve - websites dedicated to game lodges and african safaris.
we feature directory listings for game reserves and game lodges on linx africa - a link will take you to the lodge or reserve of your choice. the booking enquiry form that you complete goes to smiles travels, who will reply promptly.







featured by linx



game lodges
go to southern african lodges

   
recent postings














bateleur camp
maasai mara, kenya














benguerra island
mozambique














sandibe safari lodge
okavango delta, botswana














private granite suites
londolozi, south africa














lake manyara tree lodge
tanzania














sossusvlei desert lodge
namibia, namib desert














ngala tented camp
greater kruger park, south africa














phinda rock lodge
phinda game reserve











game reserves


southern african game reservessouthern africa offers some of the most spectacular wildlife regions in the world; there are few better places to see africa's wildlife. "a place with many and diverse faces".


pilanesberg game reserveset in the crater of a long extinct volcano. this well-stocked park has a dramatic landscape that supports a wide variety of plants, animals and birds.


madikwe game reservea prime wildlife reserve and safari destination with a choice of excellent accommodation venues. one of the largest game reserves in south africa.


sabi sand game reserve sabi sand shares a 50km unfenced border with the kruger national park. the reserve offers a selection of superb african safari lodges each with a unique ambience.


phinda game reserveset near the indian ocean coastline. well known for its african wildlife, diversity of habitats and safari activities. phinda offers a choice of six luxury lodges - simple yet stunning.























contact details

tzaneen, limpopo province
info@linx.co.za
 +27 (0)83 265 4445
 +27 (0)83 294 1855
+27 (0)86 515 9193




main menu

home page
game reserve directory
game lodge directory
accommodation
camping
provinces
towns




useful links

madikwe game reserve
pilanesberg game reserve
southern african game reserves
the bushdrifters




tag cloud

tourism
southern africa
game reserves
game lodges
accommodation
safaris
exclusive lodges
reservationsbooking services
wildlife










© copyright linx africa 1996. all rights reserved. privacy policy | terms of use














































