







learn italian with larry - travel, learn the culture, make new friends!











































learn italian with larrytravel, learn the culture, make new friends!home
about me
learn italian
books
contact
learn italian through music
più bella cosa – eros ramazzotti – interpetation and meaning -italian lesson -video 3march 4, 2021 by larry aiello 
this will be the third and final video where we look at the song by eros ramazzotti called più bella cosa.  we will interpret the song and translate it to help us learn italian by music. 


larryok. so, now we’re coming to a kind of little bridge here, before the chorus.we’ve got catherine now. catherine, why don’t you take these four lines?
catherine“ci vuole passione con te / non deve mancare mai / ci vuole mestiere perché / lavoro di cuore lo sai”.
larryalright. let’s hear it!
catherineok.
(song playing)
larryalright. so, “ci vuole passione con te”?
catherine“it takes passion. with you”.
larryperfect! “non deve mancare mai”?
catherine“it can’t ever be missing”.
larryperfect. “we must never be short of it”. that’s “not be missing”, right. the (01:05) translation.“ci vuole mestiere perché”?
catherine“it takes…”. i know the word “mestiere”, but i can’t think of how translate this. it’s like a trade…
lydiawork.
larryyeah, “takes work”, “it takes a skill”, you know? “to keep this relationship going it takes a skill, we’ve got to work at it”.and, in the next line, he says “lavoro di cuore lo sai”.
catherine“it’s a work of heart, you know”.
larryexactly. “a work of the hearth, you know?”. perfect.now we come back up to lydia. take these four lines.
lydia“cantare d’amore non basta mai / ne servirà di più / per dirtelo ancora per dirti che / più bella cosa non c’è”.
larryalright. let’s…
lydiawonderful!
larrylet’s hear it!(song playing)
larryok. so, he said: “cantare d’amore non basta mai”.
lydia“singing about love is never enough”.
larrythat’s right! “singing about love is never enough” or, in other words, “talk is cheap”, alright? “talk is cheap”.
lydiai like that!
larry“ne servirà di più”?
lydiawell, “it’s not enough, more…we would need more”.
larrythat’s right. “singing about love is never enough / ne servirà di più”. there goes the “ne” word. it’s not a negative, we’ve seen this before. if it was a negative, it would be “non”, but it’s “ne”. it’s a word of emphasis, that’s giving his emphasis.
lydiaok.
larryyou know what i’m talking about…i messed it up! anyway, emphasis word. “ne servirà di più”, “more than that is needed”.“per dirtelo ancora, per dirti che”?
lydia“to tell you again, to tell you that”.
larryright. perfect.
lydia“there…”. “non c’è”, “there is no more beautiful thing”.
larry“più bella cosa non c’è”.
lydia“non c’è”. “there is no more beautiful thing”, i guess “than you”.
larryright. “there isn’t anything, nothing, more beautiful than you”, or “then our love”.“più bella cosa non c’è”, “nothing more beautiful exists”, that might be a better translation, “nothing more beautiful exists”. ok?tony?
tonyok!
larrytake up these four.
tony“più bella cosa di te / unica come sei / immensa quando vuoi / grazie di esistere”.
larryok. let’s hear it!
(song playing)
larryi think i’ve got it a little bit screwed up, but…“più bella cosa di te”. what’s that?
tony“something more beautiful than you”?
larryright. “nothing”. eventhough it’s not said “più bella cosa di te”. “nothing more” …you know, “nothing more beautiful than you” is what he’s implying.“unica come sei”?
tony“only…only what you know”?
larry“unica” is “unique”.
tonyoh, “unique”, ok.
larry“unique, come sei”. “sei” comes from the verb “essere”, so “unica come sei”, “like you are”, or “unique as you are”, “unique the way you are”.“immensa quando vuoi”?
tonywell, “something is big that you want…that i want”.
larryoh, “immense when you wanna be”, so “vuoi” comes from the verb “volere”.
lydiado you think it could mean “grand”, instead of “immense”? because “immense” just doesn’t sound good in english…
larryyeah, “immense”, or “big”. “immense when you wanna be”.“grazie di esistere”.
tony“thank you for existing”.
larry“thank you for existing”. and…you know, you probably told someone “thanks for existing”, it’s like “thanks for being who you are”, “thanks for being the way you are”. you know, that’s…we wouldn’t…that statement in english.

learn italian with an italian lesson
italian verb avere uses and examplesnovember 28, 2020 by larry aiello  … [read more...]
learn italian video course
learn italian for beginners and travelers video course – enjoy your trip!to find out more about this video course click the link below.learn italian for beginners and travelers – enjoy your trip!

about your instructor
larry aiello is an italian-american who loves to share his knowledge of italian.   find out more...

social media
facebookpinterestyoutube
my language books on amazon
looking for ways to learn the italian language? i came up with 37 possible ways to help you.  find out more on amazon…
this book is perfect for the travelers or tourist.  it includes many useful tips and phrases to help you get around. find out more on amazon…
buying both of my italian language books in a bundle will save you money! find out more on amazon…

my travel books
 first time to italy vacation planner – this was my first published book and it is geared for first-time travelers to italy. it goes over things such as how to get around? where should i stay?  what should i see?  find out more on amazon…
 first time to rome vacation planner – if you plan on visiting the eternal city, then this book will help guide you in finding the best restaurants in rome, where to stay, the best ice cream (gelato), activities for children, etc. find out more on amazon…
 first time to italy and rome – 2 book bundle – buying both books in a travel bundle will save you money!  this is perfect for most first-time visitors that go to italy as they typically go to rome. find out more on amazon…



recent posts


più bella cosa – eros ramazzotti – interpetation and meaning -italian lesson -video 3


eros ramazzotti – più bella cosa – english interpretation -video 2 of 3


eros ramazzotti – più bella cosa translation and interpretation -video 1



search – cerca!

copyright © 2025 by larry aiello








