










lidl dollys, largest selection of patchwork quilts, throws, lid dolly dresses, table linens








































































 















free shipping on orders over $175$9.99 shipping on all orders! faq
returns
contact




search for:



 

$0.00
cartsecure checkout



search for:



 
beddingquiltsquilted throwsthrows & blanketsdecorative pillowssheets & pillowsshamsclothingfoodgifts & decorchristmaskidsdressesaccessoriesclothingdollssalebargain quiltstent salecheckoutview cart



search for:



 

$0.00
cartsecure checkout
welcome to lid’l dolly’s factory storelocated in pigeon forge tennesseeshop quiltsdaily dealsfriendly customer servicein business for 25 years30 day satisfaction guaranteelargest selection of quilts in the southeastern usashop our departmentsquiltsover 300 quilt designs pre-washed cottonhandmade dressesnewborn to 6x sizes with available accessoriesthrowsbeautiful quilted throws with artist’s signatureshome décorwonderful items and gifts


 
			accessories (7) 


 
			bargain quilts (29) 


 
			bedding (458) 


 
			christmas (82) 


 
			clothing (25) 


 
			decorative pillows (44) 


 
			dolls (26) 


 
			dresses (22) 



customer reviewsnow, this will take you back to the 1960s!! the best peanut butter logs ever!! takes one back to their childhood days spent on the grandparent's farm in a log cabin, which was fondly remembered as "two rooms and a path". most delicious candy ever made!!i needed to replace two quilts for a rental cabin and thought this would be the best place to go and i was right! it seems like their inventory is bigger every time i go there and debbie, who helped me, was great. she helped me find what i was looking for and was available but not pesky! i had a limited timeframe and she really facilitated my shopping trip.we have been here before many times and it has always been enjoyable. this time was no exception! the staff are very friendly and helped us find just what we were looking for. the store is clean and full of unique quilts, handbags and other unique nic nacs. one of the coziest and nicest shops in pigeon forge. definitely worth the stop!lid’l dolly’s factory storelocated in pigeon forge, tn, in the heart of the great smoky mountains, lid’l dolly’s factory store has been charming locals and visitors with our handcrafted southern belle girls’ dresses for more than 25 years. throughout that entire time, our large factory store has been in the same location, and we’ve developed a loyal following through the years. for many folks, lid’l dolly’s factory store is right up there with dollywood and other pigeon forge attractions. thanks to our convenient online store, you don’t have to wait until your next vacation to shop our massive inventory of quilts, throws and dresses. everything’s right here, and we’ll have your order on its way to you in no time flat.get directionsabout lid'l dolly'sfor more than a quarter of a century, lid’l dolly’s factory store has been a pigeon forge mainstay. with more than 300 quilt designs, we not only offer the largest selection of quilts in the southeast. we trust that you’ll find shopping our online store every bit as exciting and enjoyable as shopping our brick-and-mortar location. please make sure to come by in person whenever you can, though!
huge inventory of quilts and throwslid’l dolly’s factory store is pleased to offer the largest selection of quilts and throws in the southeastern united states. our selection includes more than 300 designs. many styles are available as quilts, throws and even matching shams. you will fall instantly in love with the rich attention to detail that goes into these masterpieces, and you will adore the down-home touch that they add to your home. shop our selection today to add a little taste of tennessee to your home’s decor.shop quiltsshop throwslid'l dolly'scareersblogcheckoutmy accounthelpsize chart and care instructionsreturnswholesalecontact usfaqshopping toolscartcheckoutmy accountlegalcookie policy visa mastercard american express paypal discovercopyright © 2025 lid'l dolly's 





startwitterfacebookyoutube-playinstagramdot-circle-omagnifiercrossmenuchevron-upchevron-downbasket-cart-3chat-messages-bubble-question-supportsale-discount-promotion-dollaruser-account-profilepackage-box-openstorestore-shield-protection 




































































