















australian souvenirs | souvenirs australia | australian gifts







  
























categories



                                australia day 



                                            flags & bunting  

flag bunting

flags to wave

flags to hang or stand




                                            green & gold products  

                                            aussie slang/lingo  

                                            party & picnic  

                                            clothing & accessories  

                                            inflatable kangaroos  

                                            tattoos & stickers  

                                            car related  

                                            beach & pool  

                                            miscellaneous  



                                2025 calendars 


                                aussie souvenirs 



                                            keychains & magnets  

key chains

fridge magnets




                                            inflatables  

                                            kitchenware   

aprons & mittens

kitchen (tea) towels

coffee mugs

miscellaneous

wooden wine holders

shotglasses

coasters




                                            home & decor  

                                            beach towels  

                                            books & stationery  

                                            drinking accessories   

                                            destination gifts  

brisbane

sydney

gold coast

melbourne

perth

adelaide




                                            roadsigns & number plates  

road signs

number plates






                                aboriginal gifts 



                                            boomerangs  

aboriginal art range

boomerangs on wooden display stands

boomerang with instructions

paint your own boomerang




                                            didgeridoos  

                                            coasters  

                                            kitchenware   

                                            coffee cups  

                                            display/ornaments  

                                            clapsticks  

                                            wine/drink accessories  

                                            aboriginal souvenirs  



                                clothing & accessories 



                                            jackets and hoodies  

                                            t-shirts  

                                            purses & wallets  

                                            bags & backpacks  

leather & fur

kids backpacks

shopping bags

foldable shopping bags

coin bags




                                            miscellaneous  

                                            baby products  

                                            accessories  

coin purses

scarves & bandannas

pins and badges

headbands & wristbands

jewellery




                                            footwear  

thongs

socks & slippers

ugg boots




                                            headwear  

capes and hoods

caps

hats






                                kangaroo products 



                                            kangaroo skin coin pouch  

                                            kangaroo scrotum (balls)  

scrotum bottle openers

scrotum key chains

scrotum wine bottle corkscrew




                                            kangaroo paw products  

                                            kangaroo skin rug  

                                            kangaroo fur bags  



                                soft toys 



                                            koalas  

                                            kangaroos  

                                            wombats  

                                            platypus  

                                            kookaburras  

                                            australian made  

                                            keychains  

                                            hand & finger puppet  

                                            chattermate  



                                gift ideas & offers 



                                            christmas  

cards, gift wrap & gift bags

weird & unusual gifts

children

stocking fillers

christmas ornaments




                                            novelty  

                                            children  

                                            easter  

                                            special offers  

magnets • 3 for $10

kitchen sets • 3 for $40!

caps • 3 for $30

stubby • 3 for $14 

clearance




                                            coffee lovers  

                                            father's day  



                                new arrivals 


                                christmas 


                                personalised gifts 
 










0
































0
































































account




0

cart





























australia day 
flags & bunting

flag buntingflags to waveflags to hang or stand


green & gold productsaussie slang/lingoparty & picnicclothing & accessoriesinflatable kangaroostattoos & stickerscar relatedbeach & poolmiscellaneous

2025 calendars aussie souvenirs 
keychains & magnets

key chainsfridge magnets


inflatableskitchenware 

aprons & mittenskitchen (tea) towelscoffee mugsmiscellaneouswooden wine holdersshotglassescoasters


home & decorbeach towelsbooks & stationerydrinking accessories destination gifts

brisbanesydneygold coastmelbourneperthadelaide


roadsigns & number plates

road signsnumber plates



aboriginal gifts 
boomerangs

aboriginal art rangeboomerangs on wooden display standsboomerang with instructionspaint your own boomerang


didgeridooscoasterskitchenware coffee cupsdisplay/ornamentsclapstickswine/drink accessoriesaboriginal souvenirs

clothing & accessories 
jackets and hoodiest-shirtspurses & walletsbags & backpacks

leather & furkids backpacksshopping bagsfoldable shopping bagscoin bags


miscellaneousbaby productsaccessories

coin pursesscarves & bandannaspins and badgesheadbands & wristbandsjewellery


footwear

thongssocks & slippersugg boots


headwear

capes and hoodscapshats



kangaroo products 
kangaroo skin coin pouchkangaroo scrotum (balls)

scrotum bottle openersscrotum key chainsscrotum wine bottle corkscrew


kangaroo paw productskangaroo skin rugkangaroo fur bags

soft toys 
koalaskangarooswombatsplatypuskookaburrasaustralian madekeychainshand & finger puppetchattermate

gift ideas & offers 
christmas

cards, gift wrap & gift bagsweird & unusual giftschildrenstocking fillerschristmas ornaments


noveltychildreneasterspecial offers

magnets • 3 for $10kitchen sets • 3 for $40!caps • 3 for $30stubby • 3 for $14 clearance


coffee loversfather's day

new arrivals christmas personalised gifts 






 

























































shop by category







high-quality, reliable, unique gifts!



australian made








represent australia in style



australia day








be the best gift-giver with these weird and unusual gift ideas!



weird & unusual








you always hear about the famous aussie tim tam or vegemite so why not try for yourself and see if it's worth the hype?



aussie food and snacks












games & puzzles












skincare products
















2025 calendars












corporate












australia day












christmas












jackets and hoodies








roadsigns, keychains, magnets, beach towels, clocks, photo frames, kitchenware, number plates, pins, shot glasses, stationery - would you believe us i



aussie souvenirs






view more categories
view all categories






featured products



















vegemite spread mini 20g


au $3.95












view
add to cart





















plush kangaroo in a can


au $14.95












view
add to cart





















koala swinging in sydney - magnet 


au $4.95












view
add to cart





















kangaroo with aboriginal art clock


					from au $21.95












see options

















						9% off
					





australian icon clock


au $19.95












view
add to cart





















australian kangaroo scrotum keyring


au $31.95












view
add to cart





















aboriginal art cap


au $11.95












view
add to cart





















melbourne canvas cotton shopping/tote bag


au $9.95












view
add to cart












subscribe to our newsletter
all the best deals. direct to your inbox.

















                                        i have read and agree to
                                        terms & conditions and
                                        privacy policy.
                                    








service

my accountreturns policysubscribe


about us

about uscontact usaussie blog


information

shipping & gstfaqterms of useprivacy & security policy



stay in touch









copyright © 2025 souvenirs australia warehouse
abn: 13646656957








×
terms & conditions

welcome to our website. if you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern souvenirs australia warehouse’s relationship with you in relation to this website. if you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
the term ‘souvenirs australia warehouse’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 28 mons st, lidcombe nsw 2141. our abn is 13646656957. the term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
the use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:

the content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. it is subject to change without notice.
neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. you acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. it shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
this website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. this material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
all trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
from time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. these links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. they do not signify that we endorse the website(s). we have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of australia.
by submitting an order on this website you agree to be added to our customer contact mailing list in order to receive occasional email communication from us such as newsletters and special offers from time to time. you will be able to unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.
you understand and agree that all prices are charged in australian dollars, and that any other displayed currencies are for convenience and are approximate only.

close







×
privacy policy


privacy policy

this privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website.

we are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

we may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
what we collect
we may collect the following information:

name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers

what we do with the information we gather
we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

internal record keeping.
we may use the information to improve our products and services.
we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. we may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. we may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.

how we use cookies
a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. this helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
you can choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
links to other websites
our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
controlling your personal information
you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us.

we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.

if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
security
we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. in order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
we take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you. personal information may be stored both electronically on our computer system, and in hard-copy form. firewalls, 2048 bit v3 ssl encryption, passwords, anti-virus software and email filters act to protect all our electronic information.
 
we do not store credit card information, we securely submit credit card information to our bank for processing. 


close























×




shop now. pay later. always interest-free.




add your favourites to cart



select afterpay at checkout



log into or create your afterpay account, with instant approval decision



your purchase will be split into 4 payments, payable every 2 weeks



all you need to apply is to have a debit or credit card, to be over 18 years of age, and to be a resident of country offering afterpay
late fees and additional eligibility criteria apply. the first payment may be due at the time of purchase
                for complete terms visit afterpay.com/terms








 













subscribe & receive 10% off your purchase!
subscribe now!





 





