the american war library: america's largest online mili-vet personnel registry

click here to email the american war library
click here to see the full list of war library services



theamericanwarlibrary

established by vets for vets since 1988
the world's oldest and largest on-linemilitary, veteran, and military familyregistry  over 101 million military listingsfrom pre-revolutionary war to the present


index


click here to see the full list of war library services
about the registry and library
the g.i. photograph museum of honor
about the personnel registry
registering a military person or family member
obtain a list of a veteran's official service achievements
medal of honor citations
discharge/medal certificate replacement
reuniting families project
killed in action wing
contact comrade program
mia/pow resource guide
the friendly fire project
surveys and polls
veteran and military web sites
military and veterans who write
unit rosters
casualty lists
bonus march ii
operation close encounter: missing americans
library mailing address
questions?




the registry and history library
established july 4th, 1988
the military history war libraryand all nation personnel registry
accessible 24 hours/day through the internet or by modem, worldwide. included on the library are thousands of pages of data, statistics, documentation and files on all of america's military missions.

other search wings include veteran and military associations, who's who, war correspondents, employment opportunities, glossary of terms and abbreviations, films and books on war/military, over 210,000 killed- and missing-in-action names, reunion notices up to a year in advance, over 74,000 associations, honorary diploma program, veteran organization retroactive decorations program, war wings dedicated to all of america's military missions, ethnic american wings, unit and ship histories, downloadable graphic images, association membership applications, and dozens of other categories.
war library resource catalog


the g.i. photograph



24-hour modem & internet access
the g.i. photograph museum of honor is designed to display military-era photographs of veterans and active-duty personnel. veterans of all eras can submit their portraits or group photographs for permanent, worldwide display. families of deceased vets or servicepersons killed or missing can display their loved ones. veterans seeking lost comrades will find this museum an enormously valuable tool in finding old buddies. generations of family members living anywhere around the world can instantly access their veteran's photo and history.
more info...
free museum of honor access software you can download, copy and distribute for friends and family to view your photograph now... and your descendants, as well as historians, can view in generations to come.

installation instructions and software download


the database allows you to search for name, rank, serial number, hometown, rank, medals, duty stations, ships/boats, nickname and more. for kia's you can search for cause of death, area of casualty, religion, race, marital status and more.

any military person who served, or is serving, in any service branch during war or peace is eligible for listing. also invited are civilian workers, volunteers, government employees, journalists, volunteers, red cross personnel, state department, and intelligence services who served in a conflict area during hostilities.

how to view a name and information...
how to register a name...





click the picture above
http://www.amervets.com/replacement/other.htm


recognition displays / certificate replacements


  reuniting familiesvets missing their childrenchildren missing their vetsmoms and dads, sonsand daughters of military familiescan post photographs of missingfamily members or worldwide accessiblemessages to the missing.the on-line g.i. photograph museum of honorwill display the photos of missingfamily members. the on-line veteranand active-duty registry will displaypersonal "looking for..." messages.
more info...

the killed-in-action wing

the kia wing collects the names and burial locations of every american who died while serving in uniform. to date the kia wings lists over 437,197 fallen americans dating back to the revolutionary war.
click here for information on killed in action names

contact comrade program
all veterans who served with a gi who died in uniform or is listed as missing are invited to list their names alongside their fallen/missing comrade for contact by kia or mia families, or for wartime academic researchers working to provide answers. register hereor call/fax 1-562-422-4100.

mia/pow information links

pow/mia flag campaign
pow/mia email icon campaign
other pow/mia campaigns

the american militaryfriendly fire project

the mission of the friendly fire project is to collect and preserve information and details about the thousands of accidental, avoidable or intentional friendly-fire incidents in the history of the united states armed forces that tragically took or changed the lives of those who fell victim to the second-largest cause of death and injury while serving in the american military


veteran surveys and polls
your opinions on policy and contemporarymilitary and veteran issues are invited.



thousands ofveteran and military web sites

african american photo museumair forceamerican legion-vfw-amvetsarmybestsite awardboats/shipsbonus march iibookscadet/the rotc photo museumchaplain/familychat services chronologies, wartimecivil war sitescold war resource guidecombat casualty digest - american war deadcommander-in-chief pollcongressional law/bill searchemail icon campaignfavorite wartime personfriendly fire notebookglossary of terms/abbreviationsgulf warhoaxes and mythshomeless veteranshonor guardinsignia, medalskorean warleague of veteran votersmarinesmedal of honor recipientsmedalsmemorial day resource guidememorial daymilitary brat photo museummilitary recordsmilitary spouse photo museummuseumsnews groupsnumbered unitsoperation close encounterspersonnel registryphoto museumpoemspow/mia linkspow/mia-operation close encountersrecruiting/training sitesrotc photo museumsurveys and pollstet offensivetools/servicesunknown soldierva education benefit officesveteran advocatesveteran and military groupsveterans day resource guidevietnam warwar correspondent photo museumwar crimeswomenworld war i and iiwriters


veteran and militarypublic service announcements
automatically interchanging screens reporting news, events and information

best awards

the best on the web

the american war library annual awardsfor prestigious veteran service


veteran writerspreserving american military history
this page is devoted to those american veterans whose documentation of war experiences seeks to honor and preserve the contributions of generations of loyal and honorable service.
to list your online literary url

 we're happy to answer any questions

operation bonus march ii
american veterans must unite to demand recognition and compensation for the years they invested sacrificing their youth to protect the lives and livelihoods of those who have benefitted from our service.
bonus army ii

the american war library
817 east via carmelitos
virginia building 319long beach ca 90805-7549telephone/telecopier 1-562-422-4100
u.s. military history and personnel registry

information, and software if needed

the g.i. photo museum of honor and personnel registry

general information
free software



 this website established 18 november 1992

