



































    home - skyview golf club
  














          


  
  

   enter your information to learn more about wedding packages we offer.
 contact us
   your name (required)

 email (required)

 phone (required)

 wedding date (required)





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.


        weddings



  gift certificates



  vendors



  membership






     golf



  golf outings



  rates



  contact








  

book tee times








  





       


   

book tee times






 



         






  
    
welcome to skyview golf club, new jersey’smost scenic golf course and wedding venue.







       elegant wedding venue


skyview golf club is new jersey’s premier and most scenic wedding venue. we have over 190 acres of picturesque scenery and rustic elegance that will wow both you and your guests. with a farm-to-table menu, white-glove service, and spectacular views, you can relax and enjoy the best day of your life!
learn more →
    
      




    




    




    




    














 



    hidden golf gem


located in gorgeous sussex county, new jersey, this 18-hole golf course offers avid golfers some of the most striking natural terrains and engaging holes. the pristine fairways make for a refreshing and invigorating challenge. end your day of golfing by enjoying a drink at our clubhouse that overlooks the course and take in the surrounding beauty.
learn more →




   

     delectable banquets


our gorgeously decorated banquet space is perfectly equipped for an unforgettable evening. our full-service professional catering staff is experienced in providing exceptional cuisine and service for your event. we offer a number of options for your dining experience, from semi-formal to formal, to take it over the top.
learn more →










         

 location

 



skyview golf club226 lafayette roadsparta, new jersey 07871

    

 contact

 



973-726-4653contact infocareers

    

 follow

 



    

 







  
 

 copyright © 2025 skyview golf club















































































































  
  share by:








