




windmill construction | how to build electricity genrating or water pumping windmills





























custom menu text


home

chapters


sections

contact



























windmill construction
the wind is free!
how to build an electricity generating or water pumping windmill. 
how to construct a windmill to either generate electricity
                       of pump water. this 163 page how to windmill construction manual is complete
                       with 83 full-page illustrations. each of the 12 pertinent
                       chapters and 9 illustration categories take you in a how
                       to, step by step, tutorial of building your own windmill
                       from scratch. below you can navigate to chapter or illustration pages that we have included, each with either a brief description or sample illustration.
the windmill construction book contains everything you need to know. detailing
  windmill design and construction right to making the windmill and installing the
  windmill for generating electricity or pumping water. this instructional manual
  is 163 pages at 8.5" x 11" and includes 83 full-page illustrations. it details
  7 windmill models so you can choose from: metal multiblade (farm type) windmills,
  wooden multiblade (farm type) windmills, electricity making - 3 blade rotor
  type windmills, canvas sail windmills, simple vertical windmills, pumps, electricity,
  rotor blades, towers, power calculations and mechanical design principles. all
  this in the how to windmill construction manual.



see below: "books chapters" and "illustrations sections"
to contact us or to order the book please click here
cost: $39.95 plus $10* shipping and handling to the usa and canada. windmill
  construction how to build windmills manual $49.95 total
* s&h to some regions or countries may be more, we will advise prior to shipping.
the book has been out of print for many years now, some copies are still available
windmillconstruction.com  & buildingwindmills.com are for sale!

the book’s chapters are organized with the following details:

chapter 1 - design relationships ..... more          
chapter 2 - introductory principles ..... more
 chapter 3 - scientific and engineering information ..... more
chapter 4 - location ..... more
chapter 5  -  the science of aerodynamics and the air foil rotor blade for the generation of electricity ..... more
chapter 6 - rotor blade selection, construction and testing .....more
chapter 7 -  electrical generation one – principles .....more
chapter 8 -  electrical generation two – measurement ..... more
chapter 9 - electrical generation three – needs .....more
chapter 10 -  electrical generation four – storage ..... more
chapter 11 - electrical generation five – power generation ..... more
chapter 12 -  electrical generation six – wires and wiring ..... more

the
              book’s illustrations are broken down into basic sections:  
          
section1 - the major types ..... more
section 2   - the wooden multiblade ..... more
section 3 -  the metal multiblade ..... more
section 4   -   the air foil rotor blade ..... more
section  5   -    the sail windmill ..... more
section 6   -   design alternatives ..... more
section  7 -    pump plans ..... more
section 8 - electrical connections ..... more
section  9 -  the tower ..... more



advertisers















weather
currency  convertor
 kawartha slots
serving.com
kawartha.com
ontariocottages.com 
thetrentservernwaterway.com
olr.ca
vacaproperty.com 
cottagecountryontario.com 
ontariotimes.com
canadianexposure.com 
canadacanine.com
horsesincanada.com





 


              copyright © 
      by windmillconstruction.com, all rights reserved.
            









