






design homes – quality factory-direct homes since 1966




































































            quality factory-direct home sales since 1966.            
 















customer support & sales
800-627-9443



sales offices
regional locations
 












                menu              
homemodel homes

regional locations

prairie du chien, wi chippewa falls, wi edgerton, wi eldridge, ia fond du lac, wi medford, mn missouri valley, ia urbana, ia plover, wi 
 custom home series

design series classic series rustic series more floorplan ideas! 

how it works

customer responsibilities specifications new home guide
customizationcontact us

  recent news




 


we’re hiring!
february 2, 2021




our brochure




company brochure
3 mb, pdf




about us

about us
read more

specials! 

















since 1966 
							quality built custom homes 
							
 



home design experts 
							custom plans and options 
							view options 
							just the way you want it 
							
 





ready to serve you 
							with nine locations serving seven states, design homes features model home displays, factory tours, and a friendly staff ready to answer your questions about building a home perfect for you. 
							display models 
							contact us 
							visit one of our locations 
							 







contact our sales teamcustom-built factory-direct homessince 1966, design homes has built over 19,000 new homes in 6 states. it is our goal to build you the very best home at the very best home value possible.view homes
display models
tour our existing home models on display at our nine locations throughout wisconsin, iowa, and minnesota. a great way to start the planning process!
take a lookread more
how it all works
through each stage of the design and construction process, design homes guides you through the steps of building the house you want at a great value.
read more
custom plans
& options
read more
display & stock
model specials
view our best dealswho we areabout us
the design homes difference
design homes is one of very few companies that have had the same owners for over 50 years. we have worked hard to improve our homes every year and strived to make our homes last longer, more energy efficient, and more comfortable to live in. thanks for considering us. we are confident you will be happy with your new design home.

frank weeks / founder
meet the founder
designed for youbest home, best valuesince 1966, we have built over 19,000 homes in 10 states. our unique model of factory-direct sales that saves you money while exceeding construction standards to deliver an amazing value for you!high-quality construction


make your dream home perfect for your property, your needs, and your budget. design homes can build a home exactly the way you want it! contact our sales staff at any location to begin the process. bring in your floorplan ideas. customizing plans is free!


custom plans & options


this fastest way to get a new home is to order one of our pre-built stock model homes. these homes feature proven designs from our 50+ years of experience in home building. our stock homes are available immediately! take a look at what’s available right now.


service is everything!


our display models feature our best discount and quick delivery. even better, display models are available to walk-through right now at any of our nine locations. a great way to create ideas and easily discover the house that is perfect for you!



working with us
our design experts can help you create your new home
contact us






19000homes built
7states served
100qualified staff
9regional locationsdownload applicationdesign homes is hiring!join our team at design homes. fill out and submit an application.high quality construction
construction
specifications
read more


our construction standards exceed most on-site builders – with stronger floors, extreme insulation, low-e windows, and all brand-name components. it’s our goal to give you the very best home – and the best home value possible.



build
green
read more


design homes’ “build green initiative” takes advantage of the inherent benefits of factory-built efficiencies with smart product choices and recycling efforts. when compared to site-built homes, we’re the green choice.



what our customers saywe were going to "stick-build" a new house. we didn't even think about other ideas, but when we asked our local contractor for a quote, we were shocked at the price. we looked online and found design homes and ended up saving nearly $40,000!marcella f. we always thought factory homes were, generally, little square boxes. we were wrong. we checked out some of the model homes that were on display and were blown away. they really are just like stick-built.gordon b. we just moved into our third design home. we shopped around like everyone else does, but nothing else even came close to what we wanted. our local builder didn't even return our calls.james b. we didn't think we could get a two story house unless we went through a local contractor. we designed our own plan and now have one of the nicer homes in our neighborhood.david p. built with great brands







































































listen to our radio stations






















about design homes

since 1966, we have built over 19,000 homes in 10 states. our unique model of factory-direct sales that saves you money while exceeding construction standards! it is our goal to build you the very best home at the very best home value possible.

contact us
you can always contact with us via email or phone. get in touch with contact and get a quote form.
600 n. marquette rd. 
prairie du chien, wi 53821 
800-627-9443
dhsales@designhomes.com

designhomes.com

locations



office hours
our friendly and helpful sales staff is here for you at eight locations.
monday-friday: 9am to 5pm
saturday: 9am to 4pm








    created by dan moris creative media.    

copyright 2023
 


top






































