








home | ross nickerson
















































































menu
skip to content
home
about

bio and background
ross nickerson live – banjo and blues
magazine interviews

banjo newsletter
bluegrass unlimited magazine
the banjo gazette
cd magazine reviews


online press kit
family
photo gallery
ross nickerson and x train live video and cd tracks
facebook
site details

copyright/privacy policy




cds

let’s kick it cd

let’s kick it tab book


blazing the west cd

blazing the west tab book


evolution
ultimate banjo
swing grass
christmas gatherin’
cd reviews
sound clips
ross nickerson and x train bluegrass band cds


instruction

nickerson banjo books/dvd/cds

beginner book for banjo
the banjo encyclopedia
the banjo song book
increase banjo speed
scruggs’ style instruction
let’s kick it tab book
discounts and free us shipping

free us shipping details


blazing the west tab
rhythm backup vol 1
christmas banjo songs book/dvd
rhythm backup vol 2
beginner banjo songs
banjo standards
children’s songs
christmas music
fiddle tunes


nickerson dvds / dvd boxes

the fundamentals of 5-string banjo
banjo by ear
banjo jamming
beginner banjo songs
banjo timing/backup
practice priorities for banjo
the banjo song book
discounts/free us shipping

free us shipping details


essential banjo licks
banjo in diff keys
gospel songs / banjo
christmas banjo songs
play along cd/book




online lessons

beginner courses
learn 24 banjo songs
must know banjo licks
advanced lessons
intermediate banjo lessons online
banjo lesson reviews
practice playing with band
immediate dvd downloads
hard copy versions
members only site


events

ross nickerson live – banjo and blues
nickerson schedule
the banjo cruise
nova scotia banjo camp
african banjo safari workshop
workshops for banjo with ross nickerson


resources

nickerson live videos
nickerson sound clips
free banjo tab
free banjo instruction articles
reviews
store
ross nickerson and x train live video and cd tracks


contact
 

ross nickerson
banjo player and banjo teacher










banjo player and banjo teacher
ross nickerson’s website!
visit rossnickerson.com for banjo lessons, instruction books, cds, dvds, free banjo tablature and the banjo lessons online.  ross has taught thousands how to play the banjo.
ross nickerson travels in the us, canada, europe, new zealand and australia.


 ross nickerson  featured on renowned
bluegrass record label pinecastle records

contact ross nickerson
call toll free 1-866-322-6567 or email

newest release! straight ahead banjo playing featuring ross nickerson and members of the band blue highway, rob ickes on dobro, shawn lane, mandolin and fiddle, tim stafford, guitar and wayne taylor, bass.

ross’s newest cd features fast tempos, explosive solos and some great new bluegrass music.
listen to a clip below.
      roundhouse

more sound clips and details
purchase this cd


ross nickerson featured in banjo newsletter

……… he teaches workshops all over north america, as well as europe and australia, and his latest cd release, “let’s kick it,” was recorded with renowned bluegrass band blue highway, raising his profile as a recording artist, as well.
continue reading


ross nickerson podcast interview with bluegrass unlimited magazine

ross nickerson on pinecastle recordscheck out all his cdsthe banjo cruise workshop cruise to the caribbean 
rooms available for night jamming!
banjo rentals available
tailored instruction and private mentoring
read more about this years banjo cruisebanjoteacher.com nova scotia |banjo camp
a 3 day teaching and jamming event in halifax at dalhousie university. begins friday later afternoon and conclude on sunday afternoon with banjo workshop classes, jams, concerts and other activities.
more details and to register for this years campthe banjo safari
banjo safari adventure details
more about ross’s banjo adventuresvisit my photo gallery.
 
 









upcoming events ross nickerson live! banjo and blues

hear ross picking train 45
train 45 live
 ross nickerson on top
bluegrass record label pinecastle records

ross nickerson grace jam christian concerts

contact ross nickerson
call toll free 1-866-322-6567 or email
video playlist 
ross nickerson instruction 
buy instructional books / cd's / dvd's

ross nickerson playing foggy mountain breakdown - treasure island, fl
  
reviews "ross, just wanted to say thank you soooo much for putting out incredible material.  my mother is the retired music teacher that you have talked to lately, we both have just picked up the banjo. i have been playing trombone for about 27 years now and am 6 hours away from my masters in performance.  let me just say that your material is outstanding!  it truly does feel like you are there with us to guide us along.  this has been so much fun to learn and i would really like to thank you for such wonderful material and for your great talent on this instrument.  thanks again and have a great day!" 

 - mike montgomery
 


events african safari & banjo workshop

banjoteacher.com instruction 
accessories
banjos

about about ross
online press kit
photo gallery
family



			copyright © 2001 - 2025 by ross nickerson. all rights reserved.
		





















