












homepage - garages r us



























































our garages
financing
about

gallery
testimonials
referral program
faqs


contact
 


select page


  
 



 



 













all-inclusive garages
we are proud to build garages in greater halifax, east hants and in select surrounding areas. contact us today for a free quote! 
our team of garage experts are here to help!
learn more
 

 
 






garages r us builds to suit your needs
our garages are built onsite at your home or business by our trusted and experienced team.  contact us for more information today!
learn more 
 

 
 






affordable & flexible financing available
get started on the garage you want today! approvals are quick and easy.
learn more
 

 
 
 
 
 




nova scotia’s premier custom garage builder
few home improvement projects offer as sound a return on your investment as adding an attractive garage to your property.
we also offer durable & attractive professional epoxy floor coatings & more! contact us today for more information.
				
 
 
 
 




u

why us?

garages r us offers complete garages of all shapes and sizes in greater halifax, east hants and select surrounding areas with a trusted and skilled team. our experience and expertise will ensure you choose the right garage design to suit your needs with lasting value.


 
 
 


i

we offer financing

							finance your new garage today! garages r us is now offering financing options to help make your dream garage a reality. our competitive rates start as low as $59.65/bi-weekly on approved credit. contact us to learn more!
						

 
 
 




rewards for referrals

							do you have a friend or family member looking to build a garage? most of our business comes from great referrals. we know that word-of-mouth goes a long way and we appreciate your support! earn $250 cash for your referral.
						

 
 
 
 
 






“i am very pleased with my garage that garages r us built. right from the initial contact with andrew through the completion of the garage, andrew and his crew were very professional and honest. the quote for the garage was as he said it would be, with no surprises, he recommended using a 6/12 fink truss which allows a generous amount of storage overhead and installed an attic hatch ladder to get to it. they took four days to complete the garage from excavation to clean up in less than cooperative weather. the workmanship is second to none and i would recommend garages r us to anyone building a garage.”
– dave
 

 
 




“andrew mcneil is a great general contractor focused on delivering a quality product to his clients. he has a great team of contractors that were all pleasant to meet and the attitudes of everyone involved in completing the project was second to none.
we are super happy with our garage, receive many compliments and we don’t hesitate to tell people who built it. i highly recommend using garages r us and i’ll be calling andrew again in the future for the next project!”
-alan
 

 
 
 

 
 







get started with a free quote
your dream garage can be a reality. it starts with our free quote.
let's build it!
 

 
 
 
 
   
 
 



garages r us we are a premier builder of all-inclusive garages in greater halifax, east hants & select surrounding areas. contact us for a free quote on the garage you’re always dreamed of having. ask about financing your build.
learn more

  join our mailing list
email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human:    
  follow us
















    
 


© garages r us inc. all rights reserved. · po box 2147 fall river, ns, b2t 1k6 · 902-444-1155  

 
 
 














