












chemistry.com™ | an online dating site for singles













































member log in






meet other singles near





sign up free:
your gender and the gender you are seeking

i'm a man seeking women
i'm a woman seeking men
i'm a man seeking men
i'm a woman seeking women

 
search now ▶










tips for meeting offline
first meetings are exciting, and normally are perfectly safe. however, always take precautions and use the following guidelines:




always meet in public. meet for the first time in a populated, public location — never in a private or remote location.
tell a friend. inform a friend or family member of your plans and when and where you're going. if you own a mobile phone, make sure you have it with you.




stay sober. do not do anything that would impair your judgment and cause you to make a decision you could regret.
drive yourself to and from the first meeting. just in case things don't work out, you need to be in control of your own ride — even if that means taking a taxi.



 



            copyright © 2025 people media. all rights reserved. 169x1109. terms of use  |  privacy policy  |  safety tips  |  cookie policy  |  security




home  |  safe dating tips  |  
guidelines  |  contact us  |  billing  |  careers  |  about  |  advertise with us  |  become an affiliate  |  search  |  join now  |  site map


match.com,
            ourtime.com,
            blackpeoplemeet.com,
            loveandseek.com,
            bbpeoplemeet.com




chemistry.com is part of people media's marriageminded community, which includes marriagemindedpeoplemeet.com .
as a member of chemistry, your profile will automatically be shown throughout the marriageminded community at no additional charge.


chemistry.com is the premier online dating service. singles are online now in our large and
active community for dating. chemistry.com is designed for dating, pen pals and to bring singles together. join
chemistry.com and meet new singles for dating. chemistry.com is a niche dating service for serious single women and serious single
men looking for marriage. become a member of chemistry.com and learn more about meeting your match online. dating works better with chemistry.com! -
chemistry.com worldwideweb pages are copyrighted by people media. chemistry.com's webpages and chemistry.com's content may not be reproduced
in any form without the expressed consent of people media © 2000 - 2025.




















