

pyromate firing systems, the industry leader in pyrotechnic systems  












advanced pyrotechnic firing systems






 
advanced pyrotechnic firing systems
 








digital nighthawk

				the most powerful, user friendly system on the market bar none! 
				the digital nighthawk is the flagship of the pyrotechnic 
				industry, it has more features, flexibility, firing modes and 
				show memory capacity than all other systems combined.
it has all the features of the nighthawk with the added 
				capability and flexibility of digital operation.






digital 
				p-45

the digital p-45 firing system is the little brother of the 
				digital nighthawk the flagship of the pyrotechnics industry, it 
				is designed for manual fire without all the 
bells and whistles of its big brother. it boasts cutting edge technology and 
				features that are unavailable on any other firing system made by 
				any company and is  compatible with all digital pyromate 
				modules including digital wireless.






digital 
				p-45
				af
				 downloadable automated version with fsk time code !!!
the digital p-45 firing system is the little brother of the 
				digital nighthawk the flagship of the pyrotechnics industry, it 
				is designed for automated fire with all the 
bells and whistles of its big brother. it boasts cutting edge technology and 
				features that are unavailable on any other firing system made by 
				any company and is  compatible with all digital pyromate 
				modules including wireless.




wireless time code modem
advanced computerized firing system with full time code transmission brought to new standard, advanced spread spectrum technology with 5 mile range and ease of use simplifies time code driven shows.





gigalink 
				wireless
manual 16-cue, wireless remote firing systems with 1500' range.  receivers can be setup to fire individually or simultaneously in unlimited quantities.





p - 45
industrial strength manual, analog firing system with expandability to 540 cues offering a durable, inexpensive alternative for large shows.





mini 96
manual, analog firing system for small shows up to 96 cues, featuring an internal power source.






				black magic
firing system uses capacitive discharge to shoot up to hundreds of cues in series at the same time.  it comes in single shot, 12-shot, and remote 12-shot configurations.  
				all variations have internal power source.







 
software
 





nitetime software

				finale 3d software


 
 


 
technical information
 





do's and 
				don'ts
battery maintenence
basics of electrical firing
wireless firing systems
capacitive discharge
field layout
catalog

				price list 

terms & warranty



 
 


 
pyromate information
 





contact us
about pyromate
pyromate news
testimonials
customers
internet links

pyromate racing


 


 
rental/consultation
 







rental / consultation


 
		quick clip's

 

terminals
 






				           
				
                    



		 







 
 
 
pyromate inc. 270 old 
dublin rd. peterborough nh 03458

603-924-4251 fax 603-784-5036  sales@pyromate.com
copywrite 2005 pyromate.  
all rights reserved
pyromate inc. 270 old dublin rd. peterborough 
nh 03458
 
 
disclaimer:  the purpose of this equipment 
is to cause initiation of industry standard pyrotechnic electric matches to 
ignite display type fireworks or pyrotechnic special effects.  fireworks 
and special effects materials are explosives and may cause personal injuries or 
death to yourself or others, including spectators. safety is your responsibility 
and is beyond the control of pyromate inc.  the buyer / user assumes all 
responsibility and liability in the use of this equipment and further agrees, by 
purchase and /or use of this equipment, to indemnify and hold harmless pyromate 
inc. and its agents against all liability for injury, loss, or damage direct or 
consequential arising out of the use of, or inability to use this equipment.  
any subsequent purchaser is also bound by these conditions of sale. there is no 
30 day trial period as printed in previous ads or flyers. prices are subject to 
change without notice.

terms, 1-all systems are built 
to order and require a non refundable 20% down payment and cancellation of said 
orders are subject to a 20% restocking fee.  there will be a 4% fee on 
credit or debit card orders.

              
2- all orders must be paid in full prior to shipping unless previously agreed to 
on paper,

              
3- all delinquent payments will be subject to finance charges of 2% monthly.

              
4- anyone purchasing equipment from pyromate is bound by these terms.

this warranty and terms 
supersede any previously written terms or warranty on brochures or written 
advertisements prior to 2-17-19
 
 


