



home | irrigation & landscape lighting



































skip to main content
















        products
    

products submenu




        irrigation
    



        landscape lighting & sound
    



        tracer wire
    



        pet fence wire
    



        miscellaneous
    





        resources
    

resources submenu




        quick reference guide
    



        library
    



        wire connection guide
    



        wire size calculator
    



        conduit size calculator
    



        selecting transformers
    



        timer compatibility
    



        voltage loss formulas
    



        maximum allowed wire runs
    



        warranty
    





        markets
    



        education
    

education submenu




        news
    



        catalog & wiring guide
    



        drawing details
    



        ampacity chart
    



        pe vs pvc valve wires
    



        wire resistance & properties
    



        wire size conversion (awg/metric)
    





        contact
    















explore









wiring solutions that power your business


                                                                                                view our products
                                            


















paige electric manufactures and supplies wire, cables, cable assemblies, and electrical accessories to several specialized markets: irrigation and water-related, professional low-voltage lighting, electronics, industrial, etc. this website is dedicated to the landscape irrigation, golf, and low-voltage lighting industries.












products
at paige we carry all the products you need for your irrigation and landscape lighting systems. be it wire, cable, waterproof connectors, timers, photo controls, etc.

go to products






expertise
learn about our products and services. our experts can advise you on best practices, code requirements, and installation methods.

go to education






wire size calculator
a very simple and quick solution to the problem of calculating the size of wires and cables for pump applications.

go to the calculator











a tradition of excellence
at paige, our goal is to provide solutions and value-added services to support your business needs regardless of location, on time and  on point.    we are directly engaged one on one with our customers. we listen. we engineer. we provide. that’s paige electric. let us be your solution provider.

                            paige home
                        











































                                    location
                                



                                            200 sheffield st. suite 302
                                        

                                            mountainside,
                                        

                                            nj
                                        

                                            07092
                                        






                                    (800) 327-2443
                                


sign up for updates


email address (required)











view our iso 9001:2015 certifications
(opens in a modal)














your privacy choices











privacy statement
terms & conditions
terms of use

2025 © paige electric co, lp is a gcg company. all rights reserved.














excellence and responsibility

paige has earned iso 9001:2015 certification for its factories in columbus, ne and silao, mexico. we are dedicated to ensuring customer satisfaction and continual improvement, while embracing sustainability practices.
you can view our latest iso certificates here.

columbus, ne usa (pdf)
silao, guanajuato mexico (pdf)














