fleet management company | mike albert fleet solutionsimpact summary: u.s. import tariffs on vehicles & metalsloginwhy mike albertexplore solutions for:upgrading from in-house managementdoing fleet management yourself? see how mike albert gets things off your plate.switching fleet management partnersneed more from your current partner? switch to mike albert today.explore the key benefits of fleet management:reduce vehicle downtime & maintenanceimprove driver safetycontrol & reduce costimprove operational efficiencylearn about fleet science®servicesplan & expandfleet leasing & fundingvehicle remarketing & disposalvehicle acquisitionfleet electrificationvehicle specification & upfittingmanage & optimizeadvantage fleet managementalbert iqmaintenance managementfuel management programtelematicsvideo telematicssafety & collision managementtoll managementdot complianceoverdrive fleet management softwarevehicle registration managementservicesoverviewapi ecosystemview all servicesclient successclient successsuccess storiessolutions by industrysolutions by roleresources & newsfeatured contentfleet studies lab - elevate your knowledgefleet resourcesfleet studies labnews & cultureaboutabout our companycareersour leadersloginoverdrive fleetoverdrive drivercontactwhy mike albertservicesclient successresources & newsaboutcontactbook a democomplete fleet management. completely tailored to you.one-size doesn't fit all when it comes to fleet management. we leverage fleet science® to provide a tailored approach that ensures you're maximizing your operations and hitting your company goals.book a demotrusted byhow fleet science can benefit your companyreduce costs  minimize downtime & maintenance  improve driver safety & retention  improve operational efficiency  what to expect from us.fleet science® experts who go all out for you. for the life of your partnership with us, dedication to your success is job number one. our seasoned vehicle fleet management advisors collaborate closely with you, providing ongoing, responsive, personal attention, proactive support, and data-fueled answers to your vehicle fleet needs.learn more about how we partner with you fleet management technology designed to give you a competitive edge. with our advanced fleet management tech, you can stay on top of your fleet vehicles with quick and easy access to streamlined data, tracking, analyses and more, making it a snap for you, your administrators and your drivers to record, retrieve, and respond to vital information. discover the latest fleet tech fleet vehicle and upfit specialists who help you prioritize safety. what does our team love more than cars, trucks and vans? learning the specific needs of your organization and securing the right makes, models and upfit equipment that maximize your efficiency, safety, driver retention, and sustainability efforts. plus we offer services that optimize your fleet safety management efforts. learn more about our vehicle expertise meet a better way to manage fleethands-on approachas a fleet management partner, we look at your goals, identify what's stopping you from achieving them, and work with your team every day to ensure you get the most from every vehicle.data-driven decisionsmike albert doesn't do "best guesses."

to find the right solutions for you, we consider mileage, fuel expenses, driver expenses, maintenance costs, and real-time telematics.book a meetingwe’re obsessed with making clients happy. why not see for yourself? check out some of the stories from our clients who have achieved highly successful outcomes with our help.get inspired elevate your knowledge at our fleet studies lab whether you’re at the “graduate” or the “freshman” level when it comes to your fleet operations skill set, you’ll find plenty of helpful guidance and insights here.take a look around. resources and news to keep you up to speed.view all six things every ceo should know about their fleet there’s a challenge that virtually every ceo must tackle: walking that fine line between getting lost in the minutiae of the business and soaring so high as to lose touch with critical details. so, what should a busy ceo know when it comes to their fleets?learn more data: the secret to giving your fleet a competitive edge a fleet partner that prioritizes data-driven decision making can give you actionable insights that lead to thousands of dollars in savings.learn more introducing evs into your fleet. what your employees need to know learn more ready? let’s start by assessing your fleet, on the house.talk to a fleet consultant mike albert fleet solutions10340 evendale drivecincinnati, oh 45241services about fleet studies lab overdrive fleet sign in overdrive driver sign in contact us careers at mike albert success stories privacy policy why mike albert?fleet science lower fleet costs improve driver safety latest fleet tech partnership fleet management other mike albert businesses
