
















home | toccoa falls college



































































campus preview - april 12, 2025

register now!






javascript is not enabled.  please enable javascript to fully view toccoa falls college.






skip to content


search

search
 close site search





home







apply
visit
request info
athletics
alumni
give
toggle site search


toggle mobile menu




about
contact uswhy tfcabout
about tfc
office of the president
college leadership
alumni
accreditation
contact
why tfc
mission & vision
rankings & recognitions
calendars
statement of faith
denomination
our history
news & updates


academics
majors & programsour facultyacademics
majors & programs
on-campus programs
online programs
graduate programs
dual enrollment
academic services
our faculty
library
registrar
schools
academic catalogs
calendars & schedules
study abroad


admissions & aid
applyvisitadmissions & aid
apply
visit
campus events
on-campus admissions
online admissions
graduate admissions
dual enrollment
parents & family
admitted students
digital viewbooks
financial aid
scholarships & aid
tuition & fees
student accounts


life at tfc
campus involvementspiritual lifelife at tfc
campus involvement
housing & dining
spiritual life
student wellness
service & outreach
career services
safety & security
around the area
home is here


the waterfall
visiting toccoa fallsgift shopthe waterfall
visiting toccoa falls
gift shop
weddings & events
camps & conferences










 


toccoa falls college is the christian college of georgia developing character with intellect since 1907 



 
learn more:

campusonlinegraduatedual enroll 








toccoa falls college the christian college of georgia located in the beautiful foothills of north georgia, toccoa falls college boasts much more than just our 186′ waterfall on campus. as a distinctly christian institution, tfc has been developing students with the integration of character and intellect since 1907. devoted to biblical truth, academic excellence, transformative community, and intentional spiritual formation, toccoa falls college prepares students to serve in the kingdom of god both personally and professionally. learn why tfc is the christian college of georgia.
 
applyvisitdegrees & programs 





























student testimonial during my time at tfc, i have been both challenged and empowered. i have had several opportunities to learn and develop my faith, leadership skills, and academic career. even in my toughest moments, i have been encouraged and supported by the community here at tfc. during my years here, i have grown as a person and in my relationship with god and others.  – daphne nateras, class of 2023 







 









premier christian education toccoa falls at a glance toccoa falls college is a regionally accredited institution with over 50 majors and programs, both on-campus and online. a premier christian education is one of the many benefits of attending toccoa falls college.
 
about tfc 






 



watch the embedded video by clicking on the play icon 


a place worth talking about when you step onto the campus of toccoa falls college, it would be hard to miss the 186 foot waterfall that has stood as a pillar of strength and wonder for our students over the past century. yet, when graduates reflect on their time at tfc, the conversation typically isn’t centered around the falls. we invite you to learn more about what makes toccoa falls college a place worth talking about.
 
why tfccampus life 








 




what’s happening around campus latest news 



see all news







embracing february- there’s purpose in the waiting
the excitement of the holidays has passed, and (hopefully) the decorations have come down…. read more



campus preview registration is open!
toccoa falls, ga. (february 6, 2025) – each spring, toccoa falls college hosts campus… read more



tfc hosts annual world outreach conference
toccoa falls, ga. (january 31, 2024) – toccoa falls college is thrilled to host… read more



registration now open for the school counselor workshop!
toccoa falls, ga. (january 24, 2025) – toccoa falls college invites high school counselors,… read more



looking back at 2024: a tfc reflection
toccoa falls, ga (january 17th, 2024) – toccoa falls college reflects on a year of… read more



exciting renovations at tfc
toccoa falls, ga. (january 6, 2025)—as we enter the new year, toccoa falls college… read more



tfc granted iacbe accreditation
toccoa falls, ga. (december 30, 2024) – toccoa falls college is excited to announce… read more



tfc professor publishes book for families and youth workers
toccoa falls, ga. (december 24, 2024) – toccoa falls college is excited to congratulate… read more



the redemption of christmas
“this is the genealogy of jesus the messiah, the son of david, the son… read more



the hope of advent
micah 52 but you, o bethlehem ephrathah, who are too little to be among… read more

 









toccoa falls is recognized by 






















































 
 








toccoa falls college107 kincaid drive
toccoa falls, georgia 30598                

watch us on vimeo - link opens in a new window follow us on facebook - link opens in a new window follow us on twitter - link opens in a new window watch us on youtube - link opens in a new window follow us on instagram - link opens in a new window 





about

why tfc
news & updates
contact
give








academics

online
graduate
majors & programs
professional licensure program disclosures








admissions

apply
visit/virtual visit
financial aid
make a payment








resources

give
employment
mytfc
title ix
privacy policy







nondiscriminatory policy nondiscriminatory policy: toccoa falls college admits students of any race, color, sex, national and ethnic origin, or other protected classifications to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. it does not discriminate and will not tolerate harassment on the basis of age, veteran status, sex, race, color, national, and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school administered programs.
© 2025 toccoa falls college. all rights reserved.










© 2025 toccoa falls college. all rights reserved.








we value your privacywe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. in case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link. do not sell my personal informationaccept    cookie settings consent preferences




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


 necessary 


                                    always enabled                                



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.






                                functional                            


functional




functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.







                                performance                            


performance




performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.







                                analytics                            


analytics




analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.







                                advertisement                            


advertisement




advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.







                                others                            


others




other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.














reject all save my preferences accept all 



                            powered by gdpr cookie compliance                            
































