





welcome to beyond the beach !























































view larger map









tweet | message or call: 250.744.4357

name:



e-mail:







tweet me!






































	     beyond the beach












toggle navigation
main menu





 home

snorkeling and diving shops and adventures


 snorkel gear and inexpensive instruction in snorkeling
charter boats the cater to snorkelers 






snorkel sites families love 
scuba gear 

project seahorse - learn to swim and snorkel




































family adventures...beyond the beach!

see the experiences you could be enjoying with your family. each week sandra will take you on a fun filled adventure, she will show you what you'd be doing, how to do it, who to go to for help with these, and pretty much everything else...anything she missed, just ask her on facebook..some weeks it will be snorkeling...some hiking or mountain biking....always something fun for families!.								
image display: vertical lines










all the who's, the where's, and the when's 

if we cover an adventure, it's because we want you and your family to enjoy this yourself....you can find links for each episode for outfitting, for easy instructions, for gear ideas and lots more. all the same stuff we think about when we go on these adventures!.  
image display: dots light










our adventures are about "sharing experiences"

we have created this beyond the beach tv show series to have our facebook page related to each adventure, and for chatting and discussion to follow between the people in our episodes, and with the people watching the shows at home ( or wherever they are watching on smart phones or tablets :-)
image display: horizontal lines








previous
next






























































































































 our sfdj adventure team    
sandra edwards, dan volker and bill mee are the lead team members of the sfdj adventure team. 
join us  as this team of experts in snorkeling, scuba, mountain biking, hiking and general outdoor adventures, takes you on trips that they would share with their own families and friends. our mission is to help families in our audience, to enjoy these same adventures, and to better their lives by embracing these adventure vacations themselves. some of these  adventures are essentially free... to any family, and some are a bit more involved, and will involve travel....all should be fun for the whole family!
please jump right in to the first episode, and know that for any "outfitter need" any of these adventures could entail, we will list both outfitters and diy options for, to address the needs or interests of most viewers. we also hope that any questions or comments you will have about any episode, will be something that you will bring directly to our facebook page (see the link on our toolbar at top of page), where we and others can discuss this with you
! 






































































  about beyond the beach

		tv show to help families enjoy family snorkel and scuba adventures. also mountain biking, birding, and hiking. we will also cover "how to's " for photography and video.




  recent updates

 many of our friends on facebook, will notice that we have now updated our profile on our www.facebook.com/wild.diving page, to reflect the new adventures the beyond the beach videos will bring to them.




  helpful links

 home page
 about our team
 contact us today
 use our sitemap




 contact info
address:
421 s lakeside drive #1
e-mail:
dan@sfdj.com













	     beyond the beach


copyright 2014.beyond the beach inc. all rights reserved.



















	     beyond the beach


copyright 2014.beyond the beach inc. all rights reserved.






























