





	sports in college





























































college recruiting
                    







colleges
                                    

                                        full database of college programs
                                    







athletes
                                    

                                        find the next college super star! 
                                    







take a tour
                                    

                                        see what our recruiting platform can do for you
                                    







showcase tips
                                    

                                        are you ready for your next showcase?
                                    







college bound athletes
                                    

                                        sign up today and take your recruiting to the next level
                                    






events
                    










tournaments
                                    


                                        sincsports tournament listing
                                    










leagues
                                    


                                        sincsports leagues
                                    






clubs & teams
                    










club & team search
                                    


                                        search through the list of teams
                                    










usa rankings
                                    


                                        search through team rankings
                                    










sinc vip
                                    


                                        become a vip member
                                    






our software
                    










sincsports
                                    


                                        tournament and league software
                                    










usa rank
                                    


                                        rankings for youth sports
                                    










online check-in
                                    


                                        the safest way to check in your teams
                                    










sinc hq
                                    


                                        software for state associations
                                    







log in / sign up










people search
event search
usa rank id


search



















































welcome to soccerincollege.com
soccer in college has been helping high school aged athletes find the perfect collegiate team for over 2 decades
                                
 take a look inside 




create your account

choose your account type:


athlete
college coach
everyone else


















                            the site was a great resource to sort colleges by my selection criteria, connect with coaches and be a repository 
                            for all of my communications. overall, the best site that i used in my college soccer search.
                            kiera l - college bound athlete
                        



                            this site helped me establish communications with several colleges. the ability to contact colleges that interested 
                            me and research information about them was very helpful.
                            dylan m - college bound athlete
                        



                             the site worked great for the tournaments i used it for. i had many coaches respond to my contacting them. 
                             the site helped me develop confidence in getting through the recruiting process.
                             katia s - college bound athlete
                        



                            
                            it has been extremely helpful in allowing me to locate schools in a certain geography or division. having information 
                            about the coaches and lacrosse program gave me added background without hours of research!
                            jessie b - college bound athlete
                        



                        soccer in college gave me the resources to get my profile out to many college coaches. the site is easy to use and is a 
                        contributor in helping me land my college scholarship.
                        callie t - college bound athlete








the best events, using the best software, find your next event











bfc spring kickoff - girls weekend

                                        2/14/2025
                                        sports force park, vicksburg
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











huntsville city soccer festival

                                        2/14/2025

go to event website 











knoxville spring kickoff

                                        2/14/2025
                                        knoxville, tn
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











turf cup iii

                                        2/14/2025
                                        clarksville
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











concorde fire challenge - girls

                                        2/15/2025
                                        atlanta, georgia
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











go-forth home services shootout

                                        2/15/2025
                                        high point
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











ice breaker

                                        2/15/2025
                                        atlanta, ga - cobb county fileds
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











los amigos 5-3-1 president's day challenge

                                        2/17/2025
                                        legacy park, 170 cox rd, roswell, ga
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











jambalaya cup

                                        2/21/2025
                                        gonzales, la
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











mardi gras on the coast

                                        2/21/2025

go to event website 











southern soccer showcase

                                        2/21/2025
                                        428 twins way, bermuda run, nc
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











vestavia invitational

                                        2/21/2025
                                        birmingham
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











battle by the beach

                                        2/22/2025
                                        destin, fl
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











coastal rush friendlies

                                        2/22/2025
                                        pensacola
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











concorde fire challenge - boys

                                        2/22/2025
                                        metro atlanta
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











hfc raising cane spring classic

                                        2/22/2025
                                        tatum park, hattiesburg, mississippi
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











independence city cup

                                        2/22/2025

go to event website 











rush union spring cup

                                        2/22/2025
                                        14295 birmingham hwy, milton
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











tupelo spring classic

                                        2/22/2025
                                        ballard park sportsplex, tupelo, ms
                                        
                                    
go to event website 











platinum ie spring classic

                                        5/17/2025
                                        san bernardino, ca
                                        
                                    
go to event website 













clubs & teams

                            all the tools your team needs to stay in sinc.
                            

team calendar
communication via email or text
post important messages for the team
track rsvps and confirm messages have been seen
take it all with you with the sincsports mobile app

get started!









tournament & league software
events featured on the sportsincollege.com websites are using the premier event management system: sincsports.com. 
                   our system is the preferred choice of hundreds of events around the country. the sincsports.com system works hand 
                   in hand with sportsincollege
                   and usa rank to bring all of the pieces you need together
to learn more about the sincsports.com system, please visit our website detailing many 
                   of the features and contact us for a free demonstration.

see more at sincsports.com






college showcases
college showcases are such an amazing opportunity for athletes and college coaches to connect. this is why we've built the most complete
                               college showcase system anywhere. take advantage of all of the tools provided by the sincsports platorm combined with all the tools you need 
                                for your showcase:
                            

personalized invitation to college coaches in your region
college coach registration so your participants know who is attending
player profile book in pdf or digitial format
all the tools college coaches need at their fingertips (mobile app or web) for the best recruiting experience










tour the system


contact us today









sincsports mobile app

                    having great software isn't very useful if your teams can't get the information they need during your event.
                    the sincsports app gives your teams easy access to everything they need on game day right from their pocket.
                



































usa rank


                    usa rank is the only completely objective ranking system...period! teams are ranked in our system based on how they have performed in over 
                    2 million games. competing systems award points to teams which means that teams that attend the most events have an unfair advantage (pay to win rankings).
                    here's how we rank teams:
                

we use state, regional, and national events to seed the top teams in the country
these seeds are used as a starting point; from here, the system goes through all games played within the last year a dozen times
teams move up in points for beating or tieing a time rated higher than them
teams move down in points for losing or tieing to a team rated lower than them


                    while no ranking system can be absolutely perfect, our system uses a completely unbiased approach where results from any event, 
                    regardless of the system they use for scheduling, can be included to accurately rank teams.
                
still want more details?








usa tournaments
usa tournaments is the #1 source for all tournaments around the country. select your team and tell us what's important to you and we'll help your next event.

find events for your team
















                            "sinc has helped us make our tournaments more professional and their customer service is second to none. we have been    
                            using them for about 8 years and we wouldn't think of changing companies. they are always looking for ways to be on the 
                            cutting edge and we appreciate all they do. we get a lot of compliments on the way we run our tournaments and sinc has a 
                            lot to do with it."  
                            -- jon s., tournament director/owner
                        



                            "sincsports website has been the very best for organizing, scheduling and recruiting teams for our soccer events. 
                            the sinc staff has always been easy to get in touch with to help with all of our needs."  
                            -- matt o., tournament director, real athletico soccer   
                        



                            "at this time, i couldn't administrate a tournament without the sincsports system. from the ease of setting up the website and 
                            application to the pre-seeding, scheduling and reporting...there is nothing else on the market that comes close to this system. 
                            and just when i think it does everything i need, new features are added that provide additional support. the conflict checker 
                            has become invaluable, the referee features are saving time and improving our overall efficiency and the reports provide the 
                            back-up needed for accountability. but better than all of the features and the ease of the system is the customer service.  
                            the sincsports staff have proven again and again that they are there when you need them..." 
                            --sharron s., tournament director, georgia soccer
                        



                            the sincsports system made life and running the tournament much easier. we even lost a field due to weather 2 hours before check-in 
                            and we were able to reschedule to a different field and provide written communication to all impacted teams --within minutes. 
                            the impacted teams really appreciated the timely notification on a situation that is a potential directors nightmare --weather 
                            issues and loss of fields. 
                            --john t., tournament director, first coast soccer
                        
























soccerincollege.com
for the sports minded student
sincsports.com
premier event management systems


site contents

colleges
tournaments
leagues
clubs & teams
athletes
usa rank



help & support

contact us
create an account
login
event software
about us
 :)



follow us




copyright © 2025
privacy policy | cookie policy
1

































 







