














gun laws | giffords

















































 
























skip to main content
                the issue 	the issuegun violence is a complex problem that must be met with a range of solutions. we’re fighting every day for the laws, policies, and programs proven to save lives and bring an end to this uniquely american epidemic.learn more
                gun suicide 
            
                community violence 
            
                domestic violence 
            
                kids & guns 
            
                police shootings 
            
                mass shootings 
            
                guns & democracy 
            
                hate crimes 
            
                the gun lobby 
            
                research funding 
            
                implementation 
            
                gun laws 	gun lawsgiffords law center works in all 50 states to change policies and challenge injustice. we won’t rest until every state has strong gun safety laws and every community is free from the fear of gun violence. learn more
                litigation 
            
                second amendment 
            
                policy areas 
            background checks
                background check procedures 
            
                interstate & online gun sales 
            
                mental health reporting 
            
                nics & reporting procedures 
            
                universal background checks 
            child & consumer safety
                child access & safe storage 
            
                design safety standards 
            
                non-powder & toy guns 
            
                smart guns 
            crime guns
                bulk gun purchases 
            
                microstamping & ballistics 
            
                trafficking & straw purchasing 
            guns in public
                concealed carry 
            
                guns in schools 
            
                location restrictions 
            
                open carry 
            
                protecting democracy 
            
                stand your ground 
            gun sales
                gun dealers 
            
                gun shows 
            
                maintaining records 
            
                waiting periods 
            hardware & ammunition
                ammunition regulation 
            
                assault weapons 
            
                auto sears 
            
                bump stocks 
            
                ghost guns 
            
                large capacity magazines 
            
                machine guns & 50 caliber 
            
                silencers 
            owner responsibilities
                licensing 
            
                registration 
            
                reporting lost & stolen guns 
            who can have a gun
                domestic violence & firearms 
            
                extreme risk protection orders 
            
                firearm prohibitions 
            
                firearm relinquishment 
            
                hate crimes 
            
                minimum age 
            other laws & policies
                bipartisan safer communities act 
            
                federal powers 
            
                gun industry immunity 
            
                intervention strategies 
            
                key federal regulation acts 
            
                preemption of local laws 
            
                tiahrt amendments 
            
                states 
            
                alabama 
            
                alaska 
            
                arizona 
            
                arkansas 
            
                california 
            
                colorado 
            
                connecticut 
            
                delaware 
            
                florida 
            
                georgia 
            
                hawaii 
            
                idaho 
            
                illinois 
            
                indiana 
            
                iowa 
            
                kansas 
            
                kentucky 
            
                louisiana 
            
                maine 
            
                maryland 
            
                massachusetts 
            
                michigan 
            
                minnesota 
            
                mississippi 
            
                missouri 
            
                montana 
            
                nebraska 
            
                nevada 
            
                new hampshire 
            
                new jersey 
            
                new mexico 
            
                new york 
            
                north carolina 
            
                north dakota 
            
                ohio 
            
                oklahoma 
            
                oregon 
            
                pennsylvania 
            
                rhode island 
            
                south carolina 
            
                south dakota 
            
                tennessee 
            
                texas 
            
                utah 
            
                vermont 
            
                virginia 
            
                washington 
            
                west virginia 
            
                wisconsin 
            
                wyoming 
            
                district of columbia 
            
                intervention 	interventiongun violence brings heartbreak to far too many communities. giffords center for violence intervention champions the strategies and organizations that break cycles of violence. learn more
                community violence 
            
                what is cvi? 
            
                intervention strategies 
            
                intervention resources 
            
                intervention experts 
            
                cvi webinars 
            
                annual cvi conference 
            
                cvi-path legislative tracker 
            
                resources 	resourcesgiffords seeks to arm activists, legislators, and the general public with the facts about our country’s gun violence epidemic and the most effective ways to address it. learn more
                statistics 
            
                reports 
            
                trendwatch 
            
                gun law scorecard 
            
                stories & analysis 
            
                reducing risk 
            
                amicus briefs 
            
                second amendment courtwatch 
            
                film resources 
            
                giffords en español 
            
                take action 	take actionwe can’t beat our country’s gun violence epidemic if we don’t work together. this fight requires our time and energy, our voices and our votes. don’t sit this one out—join us.learn more
                support our work 
            
                action network 
            
                coalitions 
            
                corporate engagement 
            
                gun owners for safety 
            
                pro bono partners 
            
                annual celebration 
            
                survivors 
            
                courage fellows 
            
                about  	about giffords is an organization dedicated to saving lives from gun violence. led by former congresswoman gabrielle giffords, we inspire the courage of people from all walks of life to make america safer.learn more
                gabby’s story 
            
                annual reports 
            
                careers 
            donate
                press 
            
                stories 
            
                contact 
            donategun laws
					giffords law center to prevent gun violence fights for the laws, policies, and programs proven to save lives. 
				gun laws save lives
			the research is clear: gun laws work. the nation’s courts agree: gun laws are fully compatible with the second amendment. and the american people have spoken: our weak gun safety laws are killing over 40,000 americans every year. something must change. for over 30 years, giffords law center has been at the forefront of the fight for justice and legislative reform. and we won’t stop until we’ve put an end to this epidemic once and for all. 
		gun violence is a public health crisis—solutions exist, but we need leaders with the courage to act.by the numberslearn morethe us leads high-income nations in gun violence
    the united states accounts for just 4% of the world’s population but 35% of global firearm suicides and 9% of global firearm homicides.
    +sourcemohsen naghavi, et al., “global mortality from firearms, 1990–2016,” jama 320, no. 8 (2018): 792–814.
                                    200+
                            americans shot and injured every dayon average, at least 200 americans are non-fatally injured with a firearm each day. the majority of these injuries are gun assaults, while less than 5% are suicide attempts.+sourcebased on three most recent years of complete data (2013, 2014, and 2016). agency for healthcare research and quality, healthcare cost and utilization project, last accessed june 25, 2020, hcupnet.ahrq.gov.black americans are at higher risk of gun homicide
    gun homicides and assaults disproportionately impact historically underserved communities of color. black americans are nearly 13 times more likely than white americans to be killed in a gun homicide.

    +sourcecenters for disease control and prevention, wide-ranging online data for epidemiologic research (wonder), “underlying cause of death, 2018-2023, single race,” last accessed february 3, 2025, https://wonder.cdc.gov/.learn morespotlightgun law scorecardthe data is clear: states with stronger gun laws have less gun violence. see how your state compares in our annual ranking. read moreeducating & informing the public
			we combine deep expertise with tenacity and fierce dedication to lasting systemic change. we arm advocates, legislators, and the media with the tools they need to understand the facts about this crisis and the solutions that will solve it. the resources we make available to the public are intended to help others stand with us in this fight. help giffords law center build a safer america. gun law resourceslearn more
            browse state gun laws 
        
    states with stronger gun laws have fewer gun deaths. find gun safety laws in all 50 states, and see how your state stacks up.
    
            amicus briefs 
        
    giffords law center and our pro bono partners regularly draft and submit influential amicus curiae—or “friend of the court”—briefs in key gun safety cases across the country. 
    
            reports 
        
    our in-depth reports and publications dive deep into various aspects of our country’s gun violence crisis. 
    
            gun law trendwatch 
        learn morelitigationthe courtsexplore our work defending lifesaving gun laws in the courts and fighting to debunk the gun lobby’s dangerous arguments about the second amendment.read moregun safety laws in the states
			with federal law leaving glaring loopholes in our gun policies, a number of states have taken up the mantle of gun safety. since the tragedy at sandy hook elementary in december 2012, 49 states have enacted more than 620 gun safety laws. giffords law center helped draft and defend many of these laws, which research has demonstrated make residents safer from gun violence. but this inconsistent patchwork of state gun laws leads to guns being trafficked from states with weak laws to those with strong laws, putting all americans at risk. browse gun laws by state, and filter gun laws by state and policy area.  gun laws by policybackground checksuniversal background checksnics & reporting proceduresbackground check proceduresmental health reportinginterstate & online gun saleschild & consumer safetychild access & safe storagesmart gunsdesign safety standardsnon-powder & toy gunscrime gunstrafficking & straw purchasingbulk gun purchasesmicrostamping & ballisticsguns in publicconcealed carryopen carrystand your groundguns in schoolslocation restrictionsprotecting democracygun salesgun dealersmaintaining recordswaiting periodsgun showshardware & ammunitionassault weaponslarge capacity magazinesammunition regulationghost gunsmachine guns & 50 calibersilencersbump stocksauto searsowner responsibilitieslicensingregistrationreporting lost & stolen gunswho can have a gunfirearm prohibitionsdomestic violence & firearmsextreme risk protection ordersminimum agefirearm relinquishmenthate crimesother laws & policiesgun industry immunitypreemption of local lawsintervention strategiesfederal powerskey federal regulation actstiahrt amendmentssupportgiffordsmake a giftevery day, the experts at giffords law center work tirelessly to craft, enact, and defend the gun safety policies and programs that save lives. a safer america is within reach, but we need your courage and commitment to get there.$10$20$50$100otherdonateget involvedrequest assistancewe provide assistance to activists and public officials working on policy solutions to save lives from gun violence, and are happy to assess your needs via our request for assistance form.learn morepro bono partnersour pro bono partners generously volunteer their time and legal expertise, helping us fight the gun lobby in court and defend lifesaving gun laws.learn morehost a clewe offer free continuing legal education (cle) courses for law firms and attorneys who wish to learn more about gun laws and second amendment jurisprudence.learn moreanniversary eventevery year, we gather to commemorate the 1993 mass shooting that led to our founding, celebrate our accomplishments over the past year, and look ahead to what’s next.learn moreboard of directorswe’re grateful for the courageous, committed leadership of our board of directors, who generously volunteer their time and expertise to help guide us in our mission.learn moreannual reportsour work wouldn’t be possible without the support of our generous donors. each year we publish a report summarizing the previous year’s financial information.learn moretake astandjoin the fightover 40,000 americans lose their lives to gun violence every year. giffords law center is leading the fight to save lives by championing gun safety policies and holding the gun lobby accountable. will you join us?
                                                                 
join our team today!not ? click here.
first name
*
last name

zip code
*
postal code

email address
*
mobile phone

sign up
 
                            aboutdonatecontactstoriescareerspresssupport giffords
                             
join our team today!not ? click here.
first name
*
last name
*
zip code
*
postal code

email address
*
sign up
 
            		© 2025
				giffords law center to prevent gun violence. all rights reserved.
				terms & conditionsprivacy policyaccessibilityby continuing on our website, you agree to our use of cookies. terms & conditions.privacy policy.acceptdenyjoin the fight for gun safetyschools, supermarkets, bowling alleys—americans should be free to live their lives in public without the threat of gunfire. giffords law center is fighting for the commonsense solutions to gun violence in all its forms, from mass shootings to gun suicide to community violence. we know how to save lives—we just need our leaders to show the courage to do the right thing. will you help us?donate×

