






celebrating 32 years of the building limes forum - building limes forum




































































members’ log in
pay online
 












 
menu
home
about us

our purposes
australia chapter
new zealand chapter
blf review 2022


events

2024 blf agm
2025 blf conference & gathering


news
about lime

why use lime?
courses on lime
suppliers of lime
sources of information
further reading
faqs


lime publications

blf journals


membership

corporate members


contact us
 





search >>











celebrating 32 years of the building limes forum



the building limes forum exists to encourage expertise and understanding in the appropriate use of building limes and education in the standards of production, preparation, application and after-care.
the building limes forum is a scottish charitable incorporated organisation with over 400 members in the uk and overseas, the majority being actively concerned with the repair of historic buildings or in the use of lime in new build.  the forum encourages debate amongst its members, not on the public pages of its website but through its journal, its newsletter, social media and by putting members in touch with each other so they can exchange views between themselves.
there are independent building limes forums in ireland (building limes forum ireland), scandinavia (nordisk forum for bygningskalk), italy (forum italiano calce), switzerland (calcina: fachverband für kalk), iberia (el fórum ibérico de la cal) and mexico (el foro de construcción con cal). the building limes forum has chapters, not yet independent, in australia, new zealand and south asia.


looking to get more involved in lime? check out our events page for the most up-to-date listing of upcoming events including site visits, lime slams, and the annual blf conference and gathering.







2024 blf agm








the 2024 agm will be thursday, 21st of november 2024. 18:00 – 19:00 gmt via video. papers and joining instructions will follow. please mark your diaries.not a member? join today.


										more info
									








2025 building limes forum conference & gathering







the 2025 blf conference and gathering will be held the 5-7th september at bangor university, wales.
mark your diaries now. tickets will be released to members first, so make sure you become a member today..

more info








useful information


members of the building limes forum form a community of lime enthusiasts and practitioners, most of whom are producers, suppliers, specifiers or users of lime. membership provides access to this wide body of accumulated experience and expertise and an opportunity to share your own knowledge.  membership is open to all.
find out more











become a member

members of the building limes forum form a community of lime enthusiasts and practitioners, most of whom are producers, suppliers, specifiers or users of lime.
click to find out more



useful documents

membership form



contact building limes forum

building limes forum
riddle’s court
322 lawnmarket
edinburgh, eh1 2pg, uk
contact us

follow @buildlimes












© 2025 building limes forum. | all rights reserved | scottish charitable incorporated organisation no sc033659 | contact us | site by inigo




















we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.



accept

 















close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




3rd party cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.







3rd party cookies

this website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.




enable or disable cookies










please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!












enable all
save settings

 










