




















	quality discount auto parts | salvage yards | lkq pick your part


















find your parts
prices
sell your car
locations
about us
careers
pyp garage





es






find a location







find your location


   locate me



zip code

















find your parts


find your parts
view our inventory
see our prices




sell your car


get your quote
learn more
call now!





lkq pick your part is the nation's largest buyer of used vehicles, with salvage yards across the country. we purchase over 600,000 used cars & trucks each year, and we would like to purchase yours regardless of the condition. because of our experience, we are the best source for affordable, high-quality auto parts. click the link below to sell your car or find the part you need at the location nearest you!



join  our team today!


check out our savings!
see your local savings







sell your car
we’ll pick it up!
want to sell your car quick? need a junk car removed? get a free quote now from the country's leading used car buyers.
lkq pick your part will buy your unwanted vehicle 7 days a week. do you have an old car, truck or van that you would like to get rid of? maybe a junk car or scrap truck? we buy all vehicles running or not. get a free instant online quote and see how much you can get paid! we have been recycling vehicles for over 30 years and can lend our experience to help you get the best when selling your vehicle.  your vehicle doesn't run? no problem! we will arrange towing services for your vehicle.
get your instant quote












careers
you’re our pick
lkq pick your part is more than a junkyard. we are the future of the automotive salvage industry and the leader in used auto parts thanks to people just like you. passionate and dedicated individuals who like helping others and are looking for new challenges in a company that is employees first. our team-driven approach ensures that our employees get the opportunity to reach their personal and professional goals and because lkq pick your part is a division of lkq corporation, the opportunities to grow within our company network are achievable. our customers count on us every day to get them back on the road and if you're up to the task then, you're our pick.
see what exciting career opportunities are currently available at lkq pick your part by browsing our listings to start your perfect career today!
join the team!


























bring your tools, pull your parts, & save!

yard rules
sales policies
contact us
faq
testimonials
careers
california vehicle retirement
sell your car



you may also be interested in aftermarket parts & accessories from parts via
        copyright © 2025 lkq corporation, inc. all rights reserved
        
terms & conditions | privacy












