







	the marvel family web - the unoffical home of the original captain marvel!

















home
news
comics

search 
spinner rack 


who's who

captain marvel 
captain marvel jr. 
mary marvel
shazam
black adam
dr. sivana
mister mind
uncle marvel
mr. tawky tawny


tv/movies

adventures of captain marvel
spy smasher
shazam!
shazam! cartoon
isis


potpourri

fun stuff

secret code
secret code list
memory game
fawcett quiz


the martin l. greim collection
costumes
casting call
wanabees
cap meets bone
amalgam comics trading cards
golden books
power of shazam amusement park ride
shazam!: power of hope
make-a-wish
mister mind's code
shazam! house ads
all in color for a dime
captain marvel club card


faq 
links 
welcome 
shop 
contact 




mfw database search - search for:  in 

series
publisher
story title
character
annotation
writer
penciler
inker
colorist
letterer
editor
any creator type

  order by:  title  date 







zachary levi is captain marvel in shazam!


                    friday, october 27, 2017
                

            zachary levi has been cast in the title role in shazam!
                  









news


dc club infinite earths - shazam! new 52 action figure @ san diego comic-con international
may 1, 2013
      the first ever figure of the new 52 billy batson, the boy turned dc super hero known as “shazam!” not included with club subscriptions, this figure arrives with a removable hood in club infinite earths die cut packaging with distinctive silver foil.
      




jerry ordway exclusive dvd box art for shazam! the complete series is available for preorder at the wb shop!
september 15, 2012
      jerry ordway's painting is now the exclusive dvd box art when ordered through wbshop.com or via shopdcentertainment.com! october 23, 2012 can not get here soon enough!
      




shazam! the complete series is available for preorder at the wb shop!
july 11, 2012
      it's true! shazam! — the complete series is available for preorder over at the wbshop for a september 18, 2012 release. more inside!
      




it's true! shazam! is coming to dvd!
july 2, 2012
      comic-con international will bust the doors off the news of the shazam! dvd release on july 13th! it's finally coming!
      




shazamtvshow hits facebook! have you liked it?
june 14, 2012
      there's a really cool page out on facebook for fans of the 1974 saturday morning live-action tv show, shazam! if you're on fb, it's probably a good idea to like that page! facebook.com/shazamtvshow





shazam!: it's the new wizard and black adam revealed in fcbd's new 52!
may 5, 2012
      the new wizard and the first appearance of the new 52's black adam are featured in dc comics' offering for free comic book day: the new 52! get one while it lasts!
      




new york post gives first look of shazam!
march 5, 2012
      nyp gives first look of shazam!
      




newsarama has a first look at the curse of shazam!
january 27, 2012
      newsarama gets an exclusive first look at geoff johns' and gary frank's first installment of the curse of shazam!
      




geoff johns reveals curse of shazam! details
january 26, 2012
      the captain marvel name will be retired in the upcoming curse of shazam! backup series in the justice league. geoff johns reveals a few details in an interview with newsarama.
      




geoff johns and gary frank to relaunch shazam!
december 11, 2011
      at saturday's justice league panel at the new york
          comic-con, dc comics' chief creative officer, geoff johns, revealed that he will be writing the relaunch of shazam with art by gary frank. the
          relaunch will be presented as a backup feature in dc's best-selling justice league comic starting in january 2012 with issue number 7.
      
































© 1996-2012 the marvel family web, all rights reserved.
this is an unofficial website which is neither endorsed nor supported by dc comics. 
"shazam" and all related characters ™ and © dc comics, inc. all other characters ™ and © their respective owners.








