








	home
















































































             



search



owner search


address search


real property search


advanced search


personal property search


search help


database codes





exemptions



general exemption information


homestead application


homestead e-file


widow/widower application form


totally & permanently disabled application form


portability


annual assessment caps


application for veterans over 65 discount


deployed military exemption  application


fl dor exemption information for taxpayers


active duty military and veterans


veterans exemptions brochure


exemption fraud





agriculture



agriculture info


ag application


ag f.a.q.


agriculture guidelines


ag assistance links


pasture land


cropland


timberlands


commercial plant nursery operation


citrus lands


commercial horse breeding operation


apiculture (bees)


commercial goat-sheep operation


miscellaneous agriculture





tangible


maps



map search


download gis map data


map ordering instructions


about gis





general



news


meet cregg dalton


faq


important dates


links


brochures and publications


taxroll information


sales qualification letter


public records custodian contact


value adjustment board


budget transparency


confidential accounts


millage rates


disaster assistance


forms






           


searchowner searchaddress searchreal property searchadvanced searchpersonal property searchsearch helpdatabase codesexemptionsgeneral exemption informationhomestead applicationhomestead e-filewidow/widower application formtotally & permanently disabled application formportabilityannual assessment capsapplication for veterans over 65 discountdeployed military exemption  applicationfl dor exemption information for taxpayersactive duty military and veteransveterans exemptions brochureexemption fraudagricultureagriculture infoag applicationag f.a.q.agriculture guidelinesag assistance linkspasture landcroplandtimberlandscommercial plant nursery operationcitrus landscommercial horse breeding operationapiculture (bees)commercial goat-sheep operationmiscellaneous agriculturetangiblemapsmap searchdownload gis map datamap ordering instructionsabout gisgeneralnewsmeet cregg daltonfaqimportant dateslinksbrochures and publicationstaxroll informationsales qualification letterpublic records custodian contactvalue adjustment boardbudget transparencyconfidential accountsmillage ratesdisaster assistanceforms

  








        




search




owner search
address search
real property search
advanced search
personal property search
search help






 




welcome

welcome to the citrus county property appraiser website
we invite you to explore the many services available on our website. it is provided as a service to our customers, the community and the public abroad, to assist in obtaining property ownership information, assessment roll data, building sketches, sales data, parcel ownership maps, aerials and other information on properties within citrus county, florida.
we welcome your comments and suggestions on how we may better serve you. if you need additional information, please contact our office directly.
sincerely,
cregg e. dalton, cfa, mba
 meet cregg |  contact




 




quick links


 file homestead online
 change mailing address  2024 trim notices
 tax & portability estimator
catastrophic event damage report
 data downloads
 employment opportunities
 accessibility
 e-newsletter sign up
 training session sign up
 contact us




      




file for homestead online today. it's easy!
file now and save money







e-newsletter
learn more






brochures
learn more





downloads
learn more






            




ccpa connect - news







march 1st deadline - hx & ag
january 30, 2025
a very important day for the citrus county property appraisers office is march 1st. well really, it's a very important day for the property owners of citrus county. w...
read more ...





some relief for our residents…
january 14, 2025
as our community works to continue to recover from the significant property damage impacting our citizens due to hurricane helene and hurricane milton, respectfully, it i...
read more ...





new and improved
january 04, 2025
one of the many things i love about citrus county is the ability for all our residents and businesses to connect with each other and share information on many different p...
read more ...





cfe certification
december 09, 2024
together with her family, property appraiser cregg dalton awarded sales verification specialist ii penny netzer with her certified florida evaluator (cfe) endorsement on ...
read more ...





the cost and savings of florida's amendment 5: how much will taxpayers really save?
december 09, 2024
one of my major roles and responsibilities as your property appraiser is to inform citrus county property owners on the nuances of our office and the tasks in which we op...
read more ...





disabled veteran's property tax exemptions offered at ccpa
november 05, 2024
i am very proud to say that i am a third-generation military veteran.  my grandfather was a wwii army officer and purple heart recipient, my father is a disabled air...
read more ...



view all 



    







“kelly carpenter deserves a raise. she made the application for homestead a pleasurable experience and made me feel right at "home""

zajdel
date of visit - 02/20/2024




“emily rodgers was the perfect mix of professional and friendly. emily made the process quick and easy!”

 nikki s
date of visit - 01/20/2024




“teri lein, “we received a phone call from sheri, who said she noticed our vehicle and teri and went to her to ask some questions. teri was very pleasant and personable. sheri realized after speaking with teri that most of her questions were for other departments like zoning. teri still went above and beyond to assist her and get her the phone numbers she needed to get her questions answered. she wanted to make sure the management team knows we have a good one out there representing the office!”

rosa s, ccpa chief of staff
date of visit - 02/07/2024




“sharon simpson is quite friendly and knowledgeable.”

tammie w
date of visit - 01/19/2024




“omaira lazoff was very personable, professional, and kind.”

sanda h
date of visit - 01/17/2024




“heather chaffer was welcoming, knowledgeable and helpful.”

ricky & susan w
date of visit - 01/10/2024




“kim whitton gave the best customer service. wait time was excellent, and the location was easy to find.”

lois n
date of visit - 01/22/2024




“nic martin, "you have a great employee in nic, i called to see about getting homestead on our home and he went beyond his duty. he called me back and let us know we could come in and what we needed to bring in. i wanted to commend your employee nic and what great customer service and thoughtfulness he has. nic had empathy and understanding and was very patient with me. so i wanted to let you know nic what a great job you did! " ”

mary s
date of visit - 2024




“ken coral, “thank you so much for your time on friday and your very speedy response! the survey is extremely helpful. this must be something you found in a filing cabinet and not online? in any-case, it is really helpful to have. i also have to say i really appreciate your time the other day as well as the follow up and the excellent and friendly service that we experienced in coming to the town offices for the first time. through my line of work i have to deal with different departments in town offices on a regular basis and you folks were sincerely a breath of fresh air! we both appreciated the excellent service.””

christine
date of visit - 2024







                                                  








our area





our people












0
real property parcels










0
tangible personal property businesses










$0billion
total market value










0
commercial & industrial parcels










0
land area square miles










0
water area square miles










0
single family homes










0
condo units
















0
population










$0
median household income










0%
owner occupied housing










0%
education (high school or higher)










0
population per square mile










0
housing units










0%
3-yr population change










0
veterans














 


       











        


inverness



8:30am - 4pm monday - friday
inverness google map
210 n. apopka ave., suite 200
inverness, fl 34450
office: (352) 341-6600
fax: (352) 341-6660
tty 7-1-1
email: ccpaweb@citruspa.org



 







 


crystal river



8am - 5pm monday - friday
crystal river google map
1540 n. meadowcrest blvd., suite 400
crystal river, fl 34429
office: (352) 341-6600
fax: (352) 564-7131
email: ccpaweb@citruspa.org



 







               copyright 2025 by citrus county property appraiser
|privacy statement|terms of usewebsite design by engage digital services | website design st. louis  
|login
enable javascript to ensure website accessibility
 












