
phil barber's historic newspaper shop










presented for sale by phil barber, cambridge, mass. 02139 

www.historicpages.com







site links(javascript must be enabled in your browser to access to my pages)





sale catalogs:






--select a catalog--

earliest american newspapers 
 19th century newspapers
 civil war newspapers  
20th century newspapers
world war i and ii papers  
illustrated newspapers   
 british newspapers 
world newspapers
introductory newspaper catalog
  early leaves & bible pages
  vellum indentures
reference books

 








collector info






--pull down for pages--
introduction
history of newspapers
 why collect newspapers?
 how to collect  
 collectible condition 
newspaper value guide
 identifying reprints 
n.y. herald, april 15, 1865
ulster co. gazette, jan. 4, 1800 
preserving old paper
illuminated manuscripts
  what is "incunabula"?
 about indentures
 glossary of terms









my services:






--pull down for options--
terms of sale
want list service
new catalogs
appraisal service
birthday papers
 




  






.
contents ©:2025 phil barber

cambridge, mass. usa



help the fight against spam!
.





     here is the living disproof of the old adage that nothing is as dead as yesterday's newspaper... this is what really happened, reported by a free press to a free people. it is the raw material of history; it is the story of our own times.   -henry steel commager, centennial history of the new york times, 1951
     not to know what has been transacted in former times is to always be a child. if no use is made of the labors of past ages, the world must remain always in the infancy of knowledge. -cicero, roman philospher, 80 b.c.
      i returned and saw under the sun that the race is not to the swift nor the battle to the strong, neither yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favor to men of skill, but time and chance happeneth to them all. -ecclesiastes 9:11



welcome to my website!
since 1980 i have sold original early and rare newspapers, ephemera, as well as early books and leaves. today i stock a wide selection of these delightful collectibles, with special emphasis on newspapers of the period of 1775 to 1865 and leaves of 1450 to 1613.  i believe my holdings are among the most diverse archives of historical paper to be offered at public sale anywhere.
a special kind of collectible
newspapers bring our history back to life in a vivid way that simply no other medium can match. because historic paper collecting is new and still largely undiscovered by the public, the prices of fine items remain surprisingly low. in fact, one of the great delights of the hobby is the discovery that it does not cost a fortune to own one of these genuine pieces of history.
choice condition is my rule
i stock only items that are in top collectible condition. unlike the poor quality woodpulp paper used today, early books and newspapers were printed on a strong cotton rag paper which is extremely durable and completely safe to handle.
my guarantee
all items i sell are unconditionally guaranteed to be genuine originals, and to be accurately researched and described.  i do not stock reprints or reproductions of any kind, and pride myself on the quality of my inventory and customer service. a seven day no questions asked return privilege applies to all purchases. 

what's on line at this website?
use the pull-down menus to the left to navigate my site to these web pages.
select my website index link for a quick overview of what's online at historicpages.com.
my sale catalogs are on line for browsing and buying now. they feature original quality historical newspapers for both the novice and seasoned collector. here you can choose from newspapers printed as far back as the 1600's and 1700's, issues from the civil war, the old west, and many more, from the the war of 1812 up to world war ii. i also stock many other kinds of period paper collectibles such as magazines, broadsides, manuscripts, waybills, and more. 

new for 2023. my latest (and final new?) catalog is in the works. some tell me that after more than forty years, the time is coming to consider retiring, which means a very special listing of never-before-seen material from my archives. follow this link to check the status of the project. and let me know if you'd like notification of when the updates begin - they will be nice!

in addition i present an extensive selection of original leaves (pages) from the earliest  books, including highly prized english bibles of the storied elizabethan era. they are eagerly collected today for their historic importance and their unique beauty. all leaves come with complete written descriptions, and are of course guaranteed genuine. you can also browse my catalog of collectible vellum indentures, which are handsome and highly collectible legal documents, written on actual sheepskins, dating from the 1600's to 1895.

my collector information pages discuss the collecting of all kinds of historic paper items. useful topics include the values of old and rare newspapers, some popular ways of collecting them, the history of printing and mass communication, tips on how to care for old paper items, a glossary of collector terminology, and much more. 

please note: my domain was briefly hacked in 2019 and used to send junk spam emails. the problem has long since been corrected but a few mail servers still reject email from my address. if you don't receive a timely reply to your email or order, please let me know by clicking this link to my alternative address,  historicpages@protonmail.com so i can set the matter right. thanks!



thanks for visiting my website. please feel free to e-mail me if you have any comments or questions. i am usually available by phone on weekdays during regular business hours, eastern time. i look forward to hearing from you!














