












































hampshire township park district - hampshire, il











































































                skip to content            







 hampshire township park district





search the site

search







 







facebook













view search



search the site

search






view menu






general infoopen child menugeneral informationhours and locationsboard of commissionersopen child menumeeting agendas and minutesstaff directoryfoundationnisraemploymentcomprehensive planannual reports & auditsregistrationopen child menuregistration informationonline registrationregistration formswaiver explanationrefundsprograms and eventsopen child menuspecial eventseventsyouth sportsopen child menuyouth spring soccerspring flag footballspring flag football sideline cheerspring youth volleyballyouth basketballyouth and teen programsopen child menusummer campcit- counselor in training programwinter/spring youth dancemusical preschool friendshorseback riding lessonsadult programsopen child menumen’s adult summer softballactive adults 55+open child menuhampshire township seniors on the goday careopen child menuoverviewinfantstoddlerstwo year oldsthree and upfood menuspreschoolopen child menuoverviewpreschool summer campextended careathletic schedulesalertsgenoa park district pool passesparks & facilitiesopen child menuralph seyller memorial parkcatherine b. seyller community roombruce ream memorial parkdr. tom getzelman dog parklightning detection systempark watch and safety concernsget involvedopen child menuemploymentsponsorships and advertisingbid opportunitiescontact us



                                                    register online                                                






















                                                            youth spring soccer                                                        

it’s time to register for the spring season! save on registration fees through february 9th.




                                                                youth spring soccer                                                            















                                                            walkin' hampshire- february                                                        

join the best walking club around town for the next monthly walk at st. charles borromeo school gym on saturday, february 22 from 9-9:30am! walkin’ hampshire is always free but please pre-register.




                                                                walkin’ hampshire- february                                                            















                                                            st. patrick's day 5k                                                        

registration for the 11th annual st. patrick’s day 5k is now open! register early and save with early bird pricing through 1/31!




                                                                st. patrick’s day 5k                                                            















                                                            spring flag football                                                        

this league is a wonderful introduction to america’s favorite sport! register today!




                                                                spring flag football                                                            















                                                            flashlight egg hunt                                                        

bring your flashlight and basket to seyller park on saturday, april 12th to search for eggs at dark! the hunt is on at 8pm sharp! for ages 9-12 and pre-registration is required. 




                                                                flashlight egg hunt                                                            















                                                            cit- counselor in training program                                                        

attention teens- apply now for our cit program to develop leadership skills through a summer work experience with our summer fun kids!




                                                                cit- counselor in training program                                                            














                                        youth spring soccer                                    



                                        walkin' hampshire- february                                    



                                        st. patrick's day 5k                                    



                                        spring flag football                                    



                                        flashlight egg hunt                                    



                                        cit- counselor in training program                                    















                        upcoming events                    





feb
22





                            walkin’ hampshire- february                        

                                9:00am - 9:30am                            










mar
1





                            walkin’ hampshire- march                        

                                9:00am - 9:30am                            










mar
15





                            st. patrick’s day 5k                        

                                9:00am - 11:00am                            










apr
12





                            the annual easter egg hunt & bunny visits                        

                                11:00am - 12:30pm                            










apr
12





                            flashlight egg hunt                        

                                8:00pm - 9:00pm                            










apr
19





                            doggie egg hunt                        

                                10:00am - 11:00am                            







                            view the calendar                        







                                what’s new                            





                                        view more news entries                                    












                        notice of the 2024-2025 levy proposal                    


                    the 2024-2025 levy proposal has been approved by the board of commissioners to publish the proposal in the northwest herald. “under the property tax extension limitation law (ptell), the district can only receive additional taxes from what was levied the previous year in the amount of inflation or 5% whichever is less, plus taxes on…                



                        read more about notice of the 2024-2025 levy proposal 











                        hampshire township park district potential community recreation center referendum faq’s                    


                      click here to view the presentation from june 27th on the potential community recreation center. click here to view the community recreation center business plan. click here to view the public presentation from october 3, 2024.   frequently asked questions how is this building and process different than last time? the last referendum question…                



                        read more about hampshire township park district potential community recreation center referendum faq’s 











                        special presentation on the potential community recreation center                    


                    we asked for your input and now we have more to share with you! please join us for a special presentation on the conceptual design for the potential hampshire township park district community recreation center! presentation date: thursday, june 27th time: 6:00pm location: community room at 390 south avenue, hampshire presentation by williams architects &…                



                        read more about special presentation on the potential community recreation center 











                        ream park splash pad is open for the season!!                    


                    we are excited to announce that the splash pad is open now for summer fun! enjoy!!                



                        read more about ream park splash pad is open for the season!! 











                        seyller park courts temporarily under construction- courts closed                    


                    the tennis and basketball courts at seyller park will be temporarily closed to be reconstructed. weather permitting, the asphalt resurfacing will be finished within a week. basketball hoops are scheduled to be installed in june. new color coating/striping and tennis court nets, as well as the skate park equipment and fencing, is planned to be…                



                        read more about seyller park courts temporarily under construction- courts closed 











                        calling out to all skateboarders! online community input survey for skatepark design is open!                    


                    we need your input as we work with american ramp company to design the new skatepark as part of the seyller park redevelopment project! please take a moment to fill out the survey and let us know what you would like to see at the skatepark. please share! https://americanrampcompany.com/surveys/hampshire-skatepark/    …                



                        read more about calling out to all skateboarders! online community input survey for skatepark design is open! 











                        the new seyller park playground is open and facebook giveaway!                    


                    we are excited to announce the opening of the new seyller park playground! we can’t wait for everyone to discover this new playground equipment and all it has to offer, especially the zip line! please know part of the site is still under construction so please pardon our mess. to celebrate the opening- it’s giveaway…                



                        read more about the new seyller park playground is open and facebook giveaway! 











                        open house- you’re invited to give your input on programming opportunities at a potential community recreation center!                    


                    we are so excited to be an ice sculpture sponsor at the hampshire area chamber of commerce 2024 ice sculpture & cocoa crawl next sunday, february 18th! stop by our office to refill your commemorative cocoa mug, enter the coloring contest and you're invited to give your input on programming opportunities at a potential community…                



                        read more about open house- you’re invited to give your input on programming opportunities at a potential community recreation center! 











                        we are moving!                    


                    exciting announcement! the hampshire township park district administration office is moving to 182 s. state, hampshire! we will be closed next week on monday, may 15th through wednesday, may 17th while we move and settle in. if you need to reach office staff before we re-open on thursday, may 18th, please send an email and…                



                        read more about we are moving! 









previous slide



next slide




                            view more news entries                        













 

 





                                                                (847) 558-7872                                                            





                                                                    view rainout line online                                                                










	notice: javascript is required for this content.













register for programs
check our online catalog for program availability and dates and times. register online for programs.
view online catalog











 hampshire township park district







                                    address                                

                                    office: 182 south state streetmailing: p.o. box 953hampshire, il 60140                                



                                    hours                                




                                                        mon - thurs:
                                                    

                                                        9am - 4pm                                                    



                                                        fri:
                                                    

                                                        9am - 1pm                                                    



                                                        sat & sun:
                                                    

                                                        closed                                                    






                                    contact info                                




                                                        phone:                                                    


                                                            (847) 683-2690                                                        




                                                        fax:                                                    


                                                            (847) 683-1741                                                        




                                                    email:                                                


                                                        stephanie@hampshireparkdistrict.org                                                    













facebook





twitter







                                © copyright 2025 hampshire township park district
                                all rights reserved | privacy policy 

park district web design | weblinx, inc.









general infoopen child menugeneral informationhours and locationsboard of commissionersopen child menumeeting agendas and minutesstaff directoryfoundationnisraemploymentcomprehensive planannual reports & auditsregistrationopen child menuregistration informationonline registrationregistration formswaiver explanationrefundsprograms and eventsopen child menuspecial eventseventsyouth sportsopen child menuyouth spring soccerspring flag footballspring flag football sideline cheerspring youth volleyballyouth basketballyouth and teen programsopen child menusummer campcit- counselor in training programwinter/spring youth dancemusical preschool friendshorseback riding lessonsadult programsopen child menumen’s adult summer softballactive adults 55+open child menuhampshire township seniors on the goday careopen child menuoverviewinfantstoddlerstwo year oldsthree and upfood menuspreschoolopen child menuoverviewpreschool summer campextended careathletic schedulesalertsgenoa park district pool passesparks & facilitiesopen child menuralph seyller memorial parkcatherine b. seyller community roombruce ream memorial parkdr. tom getzelman dog parklightning detection systempark watch and safety concernsget involvedopen child menuemploymentsponsorships and advertisingbid opportunitiescontact us 



                        close menu                    














































close


 

install hampshire township park district
install this application on your home screen for quick and easy access when you’re on the go.
just tap  then “add to home screen”

























































