





























glass repair & glass replacement | home, auto, & business

































skip to main content


 










apply locally
own a franchise
neighborly done right promise™












glass doctor




find my local glass doctorselect glass type...autohome & business
go







        24/7 emergency service      

call (833) 974-0209

 














 request job estimate
 (833) 974-0209















toggle navigation










home
residential glass repair window repair & replacement
custom mirrors
shower enclosures
glass bathtub doors
tabletop glass replacement
custom glass
emergency glass repairs for home
door & window screen replacement

auto glass repair near me windshield repair & replacement
car window replacement
adas calibration
rear window replacement
headlight restoration
windshield coverage

commercial glass repair sneeze guards
safety glass
window security film
emergency business glass repair
door closer repair
commercial door repair

about us why glass doctor
a neighborly™ company
testimonials
faq's
contact us
glossary

find a location houston metro
san antonio metro
omaha metro
orlando metro
denver metro
dallas metro
austin metro

blog  
 
 
expert glass tips




        24/7 emergency service      

call (833) 974-0209

 






























glass repair, replacement, and installation

home  auto  business
schedule an appointment












glass repair, replacement, and installation for home, auto & business


 

select servicehome glassauto glassbusinessemergencyselect glass type...autohome & business
go










 call us day or night 24/7








 














glass repair and glass replacement services you can trust
experience, reliability, and quality workmanship have made glass doctor one of north america’s top choices for glass repair, glass replacement and installation services. whether you need a living room window repair, a windshield replacement, or you’re looking to upgrade your storefront, the experienced pros at glass doctor will get the job done right!
find your local glass doctor®
glass doctor is a glass repair company that operates nationwide, providing glass replacement and repair services at over 270 locations.
from home window repair and auto glass replacement to commercial glass repair and installation, our premier glass service is backed by the neighborly done right promise™, which ensures you’ll be happy with our work.
 

select glass type...autohome & business
go





 




 

home
save money and time with fast and affordable home window repairs. glass doctor replaces double-pane windows without removing the entire window, restoring energy efficiency.



 

auto
we come to you or you come to us. take advantage of  convenient mobile windshield repair and replacement and in-store appointments to experience premium auto glass service.



 

business
get 24/7 emergency commercial glass repair service. glass doctor repairs and installs storefronts, partitions, security doors, laminate glass, and more for your commercial glass needs.




 




 






great reasons to use glass doctor

glass doctor is the #1 glass repair service company near you for a reason! we’re dedicated to delivering extraordinary service and quality work. learn more about the glass doctor difference.
 

select glass type...autohome & business
go









transparent pricing is our responsibility
while we can’t guarantee a specific price until we examine your glass needs in-person, we can guarantee that once our service professionals provide a final estimate, that’s the final price! no hidden fees or suprise charges – period. as long as your project remains the same, so does our price. in the event that your needs change, we’ll be upfront with you about any price increase and always receive your approval before performing additional work.
save money with our advantage plan
by enrolling in glass doctor's advantage plan, customers receive special perks such as priority scheduling, exclusive savings, multiple site coverage, and more. this plan can be particularly valuable for customers who require frequent glass installation, repair or replacement by those who manage several properties.


 






licensed & insured


in-home estimates


upfront, flat-rate pricing


highly-trained glass specialists


scheduled appointment times


courteous, uniformed professionals


special offers


qualified experts


learn more



 




local glass doctor reviews
read what real glass doctor clients say about their glass repair service experience.






                    glass doctor installed the most perfect shower enclosure i've ever seen. ahead of schedule, on budget, exactly what was ordered! this was a great deal. thank you.
                    dennis b.






                    thanks for the at work service. polite, quality work done on site! we fix your panes!
                    john s.






                    other companies wanted to charge for a new windshield just to fix a leak. these guys are top notch and explain exactly what they will do to fix your problem without overcharging. and i thank you for the fast response too.
                    garrett f.









previous








next





 

















insulated glass window repair & replacement
insulated glass windows help maintain the temperature inside your home and aids in improving energy efficiency.
insulated glass window installation & replacement


 

















auto glass repair & replacement
glass doctor offers full-service auto glass repair and replacement. turn to us for windshield chip repair, full windshield replacement, window tinting, and other professional auto glass services.
auto glass services


 




tub enclosures & glass shower door repair and replacement
 

glass doctor provides shower door and glass bathtub door repair and installation. from basic, functional options to high-end, heavy decorative glass, we’ll guide you through the process from start to finish.
glass shower doors
 














 















 

custom glass solutions
 

glass doctor offers a variety of custom home glass solutions to fit your needs and style. we can help with personalized projects on glass table tops, custom mirrors, patio doors, and more. we can even create tailored pet doors to make life a little easier for your furry family members.
more about our custom glass near you


 



common glass repair and replacement faq
can you repair cracked or chipped glass, or does it need to be replaced?
​​we’ll assess the crack or chip glass to determine the safest and best long-term solution. whether we repair or replace the glass depends on the extent of the damage, costs of repair, and other safety considerations. while we can provide a general estimate over the phone or online,  final pricing will require an in-person inspection of the damage. our goal is always to restore the glass while ensuring safety and visual clarity, and adhering to the national windshield repair association (nwra) standards.
do you provide emergency glass repair services?
yes, glass doctor offers emergency services 24/7 for both residential and commercial glass needs. our emergency services include securing exposed windows and doors with board-ups and taking measurements for replacement glass to ensure your property is safe and secure as quickly as possible.
are your glass repair technicians licensed and insured?
all glass doctor franchises repair windshields to nwra standards, and their locations are registered with the auto glass replacement safety standards council (agrss), which ensures a high level of professional standards and expertise. for specifics on licensing and insurance, contact your local glass doctor, as these details can vary by location.
do you offer warranties or guarantees on your glass services?
yes, glass doctor provides the windshield protection plan, which covers unlimited repairs and one replacement within 12 months of the original windshield installation, highlighting our commitment to quality and customer satisfaction. additionally, the glass doctor advantage plan offers various benefits, including a 15% savings on all future repairs for home and auto and a guarantee against breakage for the term of the membership, with some exceptions.
can you assist with insurance claims for glass repair or replacement?
absolutely. glass doctor will contact your insurance for you to verify coverage, file claims, and handle all the necessary paperwork. our specialists are well-versed in working with insurance providers, making the process seamless and hassle-free for our customers.
find glass replacement & glass repair near you
glass doctor is the go-to source for all of your glass repair and replacement  – whether you’re seeking glass services for your home, business, or automobile, our service professionals offer the experience, knowledge, and tools to get the job done right every time. you can be confident your glass work is being performed correctly and to the highest standard, which we back up with the neighborly done right promise™.
glass doctor operates over 270 north american locations, so there’s a good chance there’s one right in your neighborhood! find a location near you today!


 















find glass repair service experts near you

select glass type...autohome & business
go





or view all locations





 
special offers
 
discover the latest competitive savings on the best auto, home, and business glass repair and replacement services in the industry.
 
 
work for glass doctor
 
apply online to work for a locally owned and operated glass doctor franchisee.
 
 
a neighborly™ company
 
learn more about our community of home service experts.


 



























home
 | 
apply locally
 | 
contact us
 | 
locations
 | 
sitemap
 | 
neighborly app
 | 
ada notice
 | 
corporate home

privacy policy (us)
 | 
terms & conditions (us)
 | 
privacy policy (canada)
 | 
terms & conditions (canada)

accessibility
 | 
do not sell my info
 | 
your privacy rights
 | 
insurance damage report





this information is not intended as an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, a franchise. it is for information purposes only. currently, the following states regulate the offer and sale of franchises: california, hawaii, illinois, indiana, maryland, michigan, minnesota, new york, north dakota, oregon, rhode island, south dakota, virginia, washington, and wisconsin. if you are a resident of or want to locate a franchise in one of these states, we will not offer you a franchise unless and until we have complied with applicable pre-sale registration and disclosure requirements in your state.
state and local laws may impact the services this independently owned and operated franchise location may perform at this time. please contact the franchise location for additional information.
glass doctor is a registered trademark of synergistic international llc
copyright © 2025. glass doctor, all rights reserved. all glass doctor franchise locations are independently owned and operated

we fix your panes!®
 































































