












lawyers in des moines & mount pleasant | whitfield & eddy


















whitfield & eddy, p.l.c.





















menu


search







because one size doesn't fit all...
we listen. we learn.
we deliver custom legal solutions built just for you.
the right firm. the right fit.















what is happening at whitfield & eddy law

corporate transparency act reporting obligations on hold01.15.2024
attorneys celebrate service anniversaries in 202401.28.2025
transportation executive summary: seventh circuit dismisses flsa appeal01.24.2025




whitfield & eddy law in iowaat whitfield & eddy law, we deliver unique and effective solutions for complex legal situations. for over 90 years, our clients have trusted us to provide comprehensive legal support for family and estate matters, as well as their commercial interests operating over a wide span of industries. in that time, our team has grown to over 40 attorneys strong, all with the skills and expertise to overcome your obstacles and help you attain a positive outcome.




experienced attorneys in des moines, iowawe are your full-service law firm for handling all your legal challenges. our des moines and mount pleasant, iowa, lawyers serve businesses in numerous practice areas, families, and individuals with wide-ranging services, sophisticated advice, and unique legal solutions. whether you require the assistance of a lawyer for personal or commercial matters, you can rely on our team for professional, prompt, and proactive care.meet our team




commercial servicesat whitfield & eddy law, we take care of the legal issues that prevent businesses from growing and achieving higher levels of success. with our attorneys handling your commercial matters, you can keep your attention focused on growth and development. we offer an expansive range of services spanning the commercial sector, including:building and construction →
iowa’s top engineers and contractors rely on us to safeguard their projects and cut through the red tape.
banking and financial →
we consistently deliver the keen insight and proven skill our clients seek for their business and financial matters.
emerging and established businesses →
we create proactive policies for your workplace to keep your business productive and profitable.
state and local governments →
our lawyers help state and local governments navigate the web of legal challenges surrounding governance.real estate →
property owners, developers, investors, and managers depend on our firm for closing, title, and many other real estate services.
commercial litigation →
our trial lawyers represent entrepreneurs and small business owners to fortune 500 companies and international corporations.
transportation →
we focus on reducing risk for clients with a proactive approach to local to international operations.
labor and employment →
we handle the complete range of litigation and administrative issues within employment law and work with businesses of all sizes, municipalities and government agencies.




the right firm.  the right fit.from financial services to family law, whitfield & eddy law brings together lawyers focused on specific practice areas. we learn about your specific needs, and we apply our deep subject-matter knowledge to craft creative and effective solutions to meet your goals.




personal and family servicesat whitfield & eddy law, we support individuals and families with careful planning and guidance for many different legal issues. our attorneys in des moines and mount pleasant are committed to achieving positive immediate and long-term outcomes for your case with solutions informed by years of experience. personal and family legal services include:divorce and family law →
whether for a divorce, child custody dispute, or another family legal matter, our compassionate attorneys will guide you through it.estate, wills, and trusts →
one of our lawyers can create your will and trust, guide you in estate planning, assist with the execution, and handle any potential litigation in the process.




established des moines and mount pleasant, iowa, lawyerswhen you partner with whitfield & eddy law for your personal or commercial legal matter, you gain the  support of an established firm. our team of iowa attorneys is recognized for their exceptional skills, abilities, and professionalism both in and out of the courtroom. we are down-to-earth and approachable with our clients, and tenacious in pursuing their goals in the courtroom.meet our team




contact our law offices in des moines or mount pleasantwhitfield & eddy is well-known throughout the state of iowa, with law offices in des moines and mount pleasant. we are respected within the legal community as a go-to law firm for major local, regional, national, and international companies. for more information about our cost-effective, value-driven legal services, please contact us today.







attorneysa b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z 






first name



keyword




view all





practices

business and commercedental organizationsfood, beverage and hospitalityconstruction business and litigationconstruction arbitration and mediationdivorce and family lawcollaborative divorceflat rate divorce and family law servicesmediationestates, wills, and trustfinancial servicesloan servicescorporate litigationcreditor rights, restructuring and bankruptcy
labor and employment lawemployment litigationlitigationalternative dispute resolutionappellatecommercial and business litigationconstruction litigationinsurance coverage and bad faith litigationinsurance defensepersonal injuryproducts liabilityprofessional liabilitysurety and fidelity bondingvaccine injurymunicipalreal estatetransportation

our firmour approachawards & recognitionour legacyalfa internationalcommunity commitmentdiversity, equity, and inclusionsustainabilitysecurity & technologynews, events & publicationsnewsevents & speaking engagementspublicationsmedia contactcareerscareers at whitfield and eddy lawour cultureattorneyssummer associate programadministrative personnel & support staffcurrent openingslocationsdes moinesmount pleasant



des moineslocated in the hub tower
699 walnut street
suite 2000
des moines, iowa 50309
t: 515.288.6041f: 515.246.1474
mount pleasant111 w. monroe st.
suite 201
mount pleasant, iowa 52641-2016
t: 319.385.9522f: 319.385.3633


make paymentpay invoicepay retainercontact us515-288-6041


menu





des moinest 515.288.6041
mount pleasantt 319.385.9522



disclaimer
site map
pay invoice
pay retainer
site by firmseek
© 2025 whitfield & eddy, p.l.c.


linkedintwitterfacebook





we use cookies and similar technologies to gather information about your use of our website and to customize your experience using the website. by continuing to use our website, you agree to our use of cookies. for more information, please see our privacy policy.









