









tarheel canine training
























































law enforcement

tracking
decoy school
recertifications
k9 selection form


dog trainers school

tc student portal
decoy school


psa
pet obedience
protection dogs
project dogs
about us
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 










tarheel canine training
police dog training services including green, trained and handler course ready single and dual purpose k9s. personal protection dogs. professional dog training school for civilians, military, and law enforcement. world class psa sport training and pet obedience training services located in sanford, nc.
 












what we do
at tarheel canine training, we’re committed to helping you achieve your goals, whether you’re looking for a k-9 law enforcement partner, a loyal and obedient protection dog or companion, a world class canine education at our professional dog trainer’s school, or you aspire to compete at the highest levels in psa, we offer the best and most progressive training at a reasonable price. you can trust us to provide personalized, effective training that produces real results.














jerry bradshaw
training director & president of tarheel canine training, he’s been training dogs for competitive protection sports since 1991. he won the psa 3 national championships in 2003, 2019 and 2020 and is a renowned trainer for police service dogs. his facility has placed dogs at agencies both nationwide and internationally since 1993. jerry is a sought-after speaker at international police k9 conferences and provides seminars to police departments, the us military, foreign militaries, and psa sport trainers worldwide. he is also the host of the podcast titled “the controlled aggression podcast” and author of the book by the same name. 

read more








what we offer







law enforcement courses



tarheel canine has been importing, training, and certifying successful police k9 teams for over 30 years. within our law enforcement instructor program we offer various courses that include complete training progression of single and dual police dogs from green to “on the street” and problem solving in the areas of patrol, detection (narcotics, firearm, and explosives), hard surface tracking, variable surface tracking, and obedience with plenty of hands on training and individualized instruction. courses include areas of both single purpose and dual purpose k9’s.

find out more here



professional dog trainers school



so you say you want to be a dog trainer?
tarheel canine students from all over the world get the best of the best in todays dog training industry here with expert guidance and tons of hands on experience. students get to participate daily in training of obedience, detection, tracking, bite work, and more!

find out more here



pets! all breeds & behaviors



tarheel canine expert trainers will work with you and your pet dog or family protection dog to help you reach your ultimate goals. we offer private 1-on-1 sessions with our world class trainers, and puppy socialization daycare!

find out more here





green, trained &  handler course ready k9’s 



tarheel canine training has been importing high-level dogs for police, military, and sport competition since 1994. jerry bradshaw has competed in the top levels in schutzhund & psa. highly trained and well-bred dogs are expensive investments, and as such you want to get the most from that investment both in quality and service. whether you are looking for a sport dog, family protection dog, companion dog, green dog, trained police k9, tarheel canine has a variety of dogs available suitable for your needs.

green dogs & handler course ready k9s request form



find your working dog with tarheel canine



top level imported sport competition dogs are available at tarheel canine training. we have imported dogs for igp and psa competitors, both puppy and adult dogs. click the form below and start the process of bringing in your next competition dog!

working dog request form








our most popular courses





6 month master trainers course







the instructors and trainers are fountains of knowledge and are more than willing to answer questions and dive into deep conversation. their dogs are top notch and at high levels sport. it gives you a great point at which to strive for with your own personal dogs. overall, i couldn’t be more excited and ready to use what information i was able to obtain at tarheel canine and apply it back in the world of dog training. with everything the i experienced here, i’m confident it will catapult me forward in my training and at many jobs to come.
perry chapman



more info



2 week accelerated decoy course




whether you have never touched a leash before, or are a seasoned trainer, tarheel offers realistic, education based dog trainer programs like none other. the high caliber education, instruction and hands on learning is what sets tarheel apart. i would recommend tarheel canine training inc. to anyone looking to begin or advance their career in the dog training industry!
ian pegan-naylor



more info



4-12wk police k9 instructor course (leo)







as a new trainer tasked with training classes consisting of 10-15 police dogs tarheel k9 is the place to go. i have been listening to controlled aggression podcast for years and upon learning i had the opportunity to attend a trainers course i already knew where i wanted to attend. it did not disappoint. i was able to implement many new things in our next k9 class due to tarheel k9. i can’t thank jerry, sean and all his staff enough for putting together such a memorable experience.



jim kirr
illinois state police


more info



4 week professional obedience trainer 




tarheel canine, jerry and taylor bradshaw, and the entire professional staff are exceptional. approachable and personable masters of their craft, you can focus your training curriculum on pet dog obedience, or working dog tracking, scent detection, and intensive bite work. you will put your hands on, and interact with, dozens of dogs daily. they offer very reasonable housing and educational funding options (ask the office manager for details). i have trained elsewhere, but if you want a single source for an education in professional dog training, you will be incredibly hard-pressed to find any training, anywhere, better than tarheel canine.
phil goldstine



more info








pro shop
equipment, apparel & more
from tarheel canine and the controlled aggression podcast, we offer apparel and training gear, including bite suits, hidden sleeves, leashes, collars, muzzles, and more! check out our apparel lines at streetreadyk9.com and thedriveco.com.








more from tarheel






the controlled aggression podcast
click here for every episode of the controlled aggression podcast, the controlled aggression pdf and audiobook, and the controlled aggression paperback!





 
exclusive content
access exclusive content on psa and all aspects of police dog training from detection to patrol and tracking from jerry bradshaw by becoming a patron!


webinars from jerry bradshaw on obedience theory, protection theory, drive capping and detection!
join renowned trainer and author jerry bradshaw for his recorded webinars!







proud members of































testimonials










as a new trainer tasked with training classes consisting of 10-15 police dogs tarheel k9 is the place to go. i have been listening to controlled aggression podcast for years and upon learning i had the opportunity to attend a trainers course i already knew where i wanted to attend. it did not disappoint. i was able to implement many new things in our next k9 class due to tarheel k9. i can’t thank jerry, sean and all his staff enough for putting together such a memorable experience.




jim kirr
illinois state police






dear jerry and the tarheel k9 team,
i wanted to take the time to personally reach out and thank you and your staff for their exceptional professionalism and expertise during my 3 month trainer/handler course. your team’s ability to prepare our dogs for the mission of the lmpd k-9 unit is by far the best i’ve seen during my career. these dogs are exactly what we have been looking for and are more than prepared for street deployment.
as you know, i’ve been a long time listener of your podcasts. however, attending your advanced trainer’s course gave me the hands on training with different breeds of dogs, at different phases and stronger understanding of how the theories you preach are put to practice. when it comes to my own personal learning, i need to hear it, see it, and do it. your team covered all of these methods of learning during my stay, thus elevating both my handling and training skills to the next level. i would highly recommend anyone seeking be a trainer or advance their skills and knowledge as a handler to take this course.
from the front of the house taking care of every day needs during our stay to the trainers who continuously shared their knowledge of training, please know that i and my handlers cannot thank you and your staff enough. we look forward to building our relationship with tarheel k9 in the future.

officer john kirk
k9 trainer/handler, louisville metro police department – k9 unit








i started training dogs seriously about 4 years before attending tarheel. i attended seminars, learnt from everyone i could and completed formal qualifications.
despite all my learning i felt i needed something to tie all my knowledge together. jerry and the extremely knowledgable team at tarheel provided exactly what i wanted and much more!
i thoroughly enjoyed my 12 weeks on the police k9 instructor course at tarheel, i learnt loads, handled and trained a huge amount of dogs. i had lots of laughs, made some industry contacts and met some incredible people!
attending this school is a life experience, you won’t regret it.

brad black







tarheel canine, jerry and taylor bradshaw, and the entire professional staff are exceptional. approachable and personable masters of their craft, you can focus your training curriculum on pet dog obedience, or working dog tracking, scent detection, and intensive bite work. you will put your hands on, and interact with, dozens of dogs daily. they offer very reasonable housing and educational funding options (ask the office manager for details). i have trained elsewhere, but if you want a single source for an education in professional dog training, you will be incredibly hard-pressed to find any training, anywhere, better than tarheel canine.

phil goldstine







tarheel k9, jerry bradshaw and his team of talented trainers are responsible for the massive amount of growth i have experienced over the last 3 years. between the controlled aggression podcast, the patreon, the controlled aggression book authored by jerry bradshaw and the numerous other articles and resources offered on their website, i have grown more over these three years than i ever have in my life. soon i will be moving from europe to texas to start my new job training young green dogs for the dod and i would not be prepared if it was not for their mentorship and guidance. i have not yet been able to attend the school but it would be a dream come true to make it out there someday for the six month master trainer program. tarheel k9 has changed my life and that is not a dramatization.

cody ringler





 







training articles
services
careers
contact us
street ready k9
national tactical police dog association
controlled aggression
protection sport association
 






facebook




instagram


designed and managed by emily b | emilybruss.com 
















