


































































scnow | breaking news | scnow.com | read florence, sc and south carolina, weather, traffic, crime, sports, entertainment, politics, and more.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















38°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



comics



games



contests



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



church directory




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



scnow archives




our properties


hartsville messenger



star & enterprise




buy &  sell 


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage florence subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



single copy locations



manage maron/mullins subscription



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









38°
partly cloudy
























        
        
            florence masons deliver lunch for first responders

florence, s.c. -- florence masons of hampton lodge 204 monday cooked up a batch of chicken bog to feed florence area first responders a hearty lunch. 

















        
        
            50-year-old florence man accused of carjacking, robbery

florence, s.c. — a florence man has been arrested in connection with multiple armed robberies and an attempted carjacking, according to the florence county sheriff’s office.

















        
        
            florence police: man accused of sexually assaulting teen since she was 7

florence, s.c. — a timmonsville man is accused of sexually assaulting a teen since she was 7 years old, according to florence police.

















        
        
            scdot hits the streets ahead of forecast wintry weather

columbia, s.c. -- the south carolina department of transportation has begun preparing for potential winter weather impacts throughout the state.

















        
        
            wintry weather forecast for wednesday evening, night

florence, s.c. -- winter is back, that's the message from the national weather service office in wilmington, n.c.

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            family mourns eugene williams sr. killed in darlington car wash robbery

darlington, s.c. — eugene williams sr. was simply getting his car ready for church—something he had done countless times before—when he was killed. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                the latest


















        
        
            marion hmra to host 15th annual chili cook-off saturday

the 15th annual chili cook-off at main street commons in marion, sc, featured live music, chili tasting, and a cornhole tournament, drawing a large crowd to support local businesses.




















        
        
            marion recreation hosts annual daddy daughter dance

marion rec department's chasity samuels expresses gratitude for supporters of the annual daddy daughter dance, with over 60 attendees enjoying the event.












        
        
            trinity collegiate honored with ap platinum honors, access awards

darlington, s.c. – trinity collegiate school is proud to announce its recognition by the college board as the only scisa school in south carolina and one of only five schools statewide to receive ap platinum honors with the ap access award. 




















        
        
            after shooting her 4 kids, wyoming mom called 911

a gofundme account for cliff harshman, the father, had topped $44,000 by tuesday afternoon.





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            ukraine rejects us-russia talks as moscow says no nato peacekeepers




















        
        
            trump admin cuts fda staff, targeting food, medical device reviewers




















        
        
            russia-ukraine war: zelensky pleads for 'fair' ukraine talks involving europe




















        
        
            us authorities continuing investigation into passenger jet and army helicopter crash, ap explains












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            how fmu golf fared after 2 rounds at wexford intercollegiate

ryan bozard carded rounds of 75 and 73 for the patriots.





















        
        
            postgame comments from south florence boys




















        
        
            postgame reactions from wilson boys' basketball




















        
        
            images from boys' basketball wins by wilson, south florence

florence, s.c. -- the boys' basketball teams from wilson, south florence won their first-round playoff games monday night. the bruins won 64-54 over hilton head island, and the tigers won 58-53 over lakewood. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            air conditioner repair near summerville, s.c.: save energy and money this summer

contributor content.  it’s important to prepare your air-conditioning system for peak performance for hot and humid summers.












contributor








        
        
            how digital assets like bitcoin may be influencing global trade

contributor content. the rise of bitcoin demonstrates the general growing power of digital assets as a force in the global economy. as investors look to opportunities presented by this movement in finance, a shifting bitcoin price may continue to serve as a good marker of where future markets are headed.












contributor








        
        
            16 women’s health and wellness trends to watch

contributor content. women’s health and wellness products have never been more innovative than they are today.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            allread grocery



                                        7538 old nichols hwy, mullins, sc 29574
                                    






















        
        
            cale yarborough honda



                                        2723 w palmetto st., florence, sc 29501
                                    






















        
        
            loomis brothers circus



                                        po box 1471, bushnell, fl 33513
                                    
















                
                extras
                
                    

















        
        
            go to our 2024 election page and learn more about the local races and issues you care most about!

















        
        
            super sunday -- test yourself with our big game trivia quiz!

















        
        
            fact or myth: donating blood

















        
        
            how much do you know about st. patrick's day?






view all




























×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


hartsville messenger

the marion star & mullins enterprise

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

join our team

licensing

dealer returns

curated commerce






                        © copyright 2025
                        scnow	, 491 w. cheves st., suite b florence, sc 29501
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























