









psychological and brain sciences | college of arts & sciences | university of delaware






































skip to site content

























































 quick links 




                                        myud
                                    



                                        maps
                                    



                                        people directory
                                    



                                        email
                                    



                                        careers
                                    



                                        library
                                    



                                        a-z index
                                    



                                        news
                                    



                                        events
                                    



                                        safety at ud
                                    





















close













                    
                        arts & sciences
                    
                    
                






























                        quick links 





                                            myud
                                        



                                            maps
                                        



                                            people directory
                                        



                                            email
                                        



                                            careers
                                        



                                            library
                                        



                                            a-z index
                                        



                                            news
                                        



                                            events
                                        



                                            safety at ud
                                        







about uscollege leadershipdean's advisory councilstudent advisory councildiversity, equity and inclusioncontact usprospective studentsundergraduate programsgraduate programstransfer studentsvisit uscurrent studentsstudent success centerstudent scholar programs4+1 programsacademicsour departmentsour centersour programsassociate in arts programsecondary educationnews & eventsarts at udannual lectures and symposiain the newsresearch & innovationplastino scholarsresearch newsalumni & friendsalumni awardsmake a gift


ud home college of arts & sciencesacademicsour departmentspsychological and brain sciences 
















psychological & brain sciences












explore the mysteries of the brain































psychological and brain sciences 





                                        about us
                                    



                                        undergraduate programs
                                    




                                        psyc100 research requirement
                                    





                                        graduate programs
                                    




                                        clinical psychological science (m.s.)
                                    



                                        neuroscience 4+1 (b.s./m.s.)
                                    



                                        behavioral neuroscience concentration
                                    




                                        behavioral neuroscience requirements
                                    





                                        clinical science concentration
                                    




                                        clinical science requirements
                                    





                                        cognitive psychology concentration
                                    




                                        cognitive psychology requirements
                                    





                                        social psychology concentration
                                    




                                        social psychology requirements
                                    





                                        delaware bridge program
                                    





                                        our people
                                    



                                        our alumni
                                    



                                        research programs
                                    




                                        psychological & brain sciences labs
                                    





                                        make a gift
                                    



                                        institute for community mental health
                                    











welcome
 
the department of psychological & brain sciences at the university of delaware is committed to the scientific study of the mind. through our research, we seek to understand the mind, brain, and behavior across multiple levels of analysis.
our faculty and graduate students, working in collaboration with our undergraduates, are engaged in ground-breaking research and community outreach. our research is supported by a state-of-the-art multimodal imaging center housing mri scanners for work with humans and animals. 
 
we support our students through faculty and peer mentoring, a flourishing undergraduate research program, numerous study abroad opportunities, and individualized field placement and internship possibilities. 

















why psychological & brain sciences at ud?

our undergraduate psychology program is ranked in the top 12% nationally (u.s. news and world report). students in the department are supported by faculty and peer mentoring, a flourishing undergraduate research program, numerous study-abroad opportunities, and individualized field placement and internship possibilities.
our graduate programs are ranked in the top 20% nationally, with clinical psychology ranked in the top 16% nationally (u.s. news and world report). our roughly 40 faculty and 70 graduate students, working in collaboration with our undergraduates, are engaged in ground-breaking research and community outreach. our research is supported by a state-of-the-art multimodal imaging center housing mri scanners for work with humans and animals. 
graduates of our academic programs can expect promising careers with more than 90% employed or pursuing further education.









top 10%


nationally ranked psychology program. ranking by u.s. news & world report. 










top 16%


nationally ranked clinical psychology program
 
 










93%


psychology undergraduates who are employed or pursuing further education









university of delaware career outcomes
 


















latest news






uncovering black histories at ud
february 03, 2025 | written by amy wolf
a virtual tour ties previously overlooked histories to sites on campus. the black histories at ud storymap traces stories of  black community members, students, faculty members and racial justice activists to specific sites on the ud campus and the greater newark area.



for the record, friday, jan. 31, 2025
january 31, 2025 | written by udaily staff
university of delaware community reports new honors, publications, presentations



alumna receives presidential career award
january 27, 2025 | written by cas communication staff
gagnier honored with u.s. government’s highest honor for scientists, engineers



building x’s economic impact
january 22, 2025 | written by jamie washington
president assanis and others share building x’s economic impact and dynamic design at building’s tour





read more news from psychological & brain sciences





upcoming events











ud 2024 graduate abram banoub shares “the class that will stay with me”




youtube link - ud 2024 graduate abram banoub shares “the class that will stay with me”: youtube.com/watch?v=ysaofzvuhzw













explore the study abroad program portal


learn about current & upcoming study abroad opportunities
 
 
























psychological & brain sciences on social








			udelpsych
			
				>
			
		
























 colleges









                            college of arts & sciences
                        






                                    about us
                                



                                    prospective students
                                



                                    current students
                                



                                    academics
                                



                                    news & events
                                



                                    research & innovation
                                



                                    alumni & friends
                                









                            resources
                        





                                        college operations
                                    







connect





























 
 
 















top












explore ud in photos







undergraduate major finder







graduate program finder





 ud home





explore



										about us
									



										athletics
									



										udaily
									



										virtual tour
									



										employment
									




academics



										undergraduate admissions
									



										graduate admissions
									



										colleges
									



										library
									



										research
									




services



										accessibility notice
									



										people directory 
									



										my ud
									



										campus safety 
									



										a to z index
									





connect

contact us
university of delaware newark, de 19716 usa   
p:   302-831-2792









































































			©2025 university of delaware
		


						comments
					



						legal notices
					



						accessibility 
					


















