thornybush private game reserve - thornybush safari lodge homethornybush safariclassic safari lodgesluxury safari lodgesexceptional safari lodgesfamily safari lodgesstep back in timetravel guidesafari reviewsmap of thronybushsee a map of thornybush game reservethornybush game reserve - south africathornybush private game reserve, also known as thornybush private nature reserve is located adjacent to kruger park in south africa and forms part of the greater kruger national park. home to the big five and a variety of other african wildlife species, it has a near perfect year round climate, making thornybush a perfect destination for a family safari.



family safari holiday


these family safari lodges are for the family wanting value for money and comfort. children's activities include specially designed game drives including a ranger in training' pack with set activities...





classic safari lodge


thornybush classic safari lodges offer guests the opportunity to experience a superb wildlife safari, while staying at a comfortable private safari lodge. luxury safari lodges offer that extra special touch. or step back in time to a more traditional lodging experience.







exceptional safari lodges


these thornybush exceptional safari lodges are ideal for the discerning safari traveler wanting premier style and intimacy as well as an incredible safari experience. thornybush game reserve boasts abundant game viewing.





thornybush safari packages


these thornybush safari packages include accommodation, meals, flights, transfers and game viewing in open 4x4 safari vehicles by trained and experienced guides, trackers and rangers. get ready to track down the big five. all itineraries are fully customizable. 


thornybush game reserve safari experiencethe range of thornybush accommodation options caters for most guests, from rustic comfort to exclusive luxury. thornybush is also an excellent venue for conferences and offers a team building programme. it has a broad range of conference options and is capable of hosting groups. warm african evenings under the stars make thornybush game reserve your home away from the world. getting to thornybush game reserveget to thornybush either by scheduled daily flight to eastgate airport, or charter a private aircraft directly into one of the reserves two airfields. flights take about an hour. if you are coming in by road you will be travelling on a private shuttle or driving yourself. drive time is between 5 - 7 hours depending on which thornybush entry gate you are using.map of lodges in thornybushif you are driving, this map of thornybush will help you to see how to get there once you are on the r40 and show you where your lodge is inside the reserve.things to doyou can chill at your lodge, with your favourite cocktail, and watch the wildlife pass you by. or you can participate in dawn and dusk safaris in an open vehicle with fully qualified rangers and trackers. bush walks are an option for the more adventurous. read more in our thornybush travel guide. next - contact ustoggle navigationenquire(current)  contact us         thornybush game reserve - south africa  customer support tel: +27 21 424 1037 fax: +27 21 424 1036 contact by mail business hours mon - fri. 08:00 - 17:00 saturday. 08:00 - 12:00 booking reservations and booking booking conditions visa and passport about siyabona africa (pty) ltd   most popular pages where is thornybush thornybush game lodge family safari lodges exclusive safari lodges premier safari lodges thornybush safari packages   game reserves balule game reserve manyeleti game reserve sabi sand game reserve thornybush game reserve timbavati game reserve near kruger national park private game reserves birding in kruger park kruger national park   ©2024 siyabona africa (pty)ltd - booking thornybush lodges   privacy settings


