


  











thom's world – where in the world is thom?




















































home
about career highlights
jobs i’ve done
things i wanna do
some writing ideas
places i have been


gallery
blog
contact









career highlightsread more




jobs i’ve done
written as more of a “stream of consciousness” than anything else, i one day started to write down every job-type i’ve ever done… in no particular order. some of them i’ve only done once, such as cabaret singer and construction crew clean-up, while others i’ve done a multitude of times, such as waiter, restaurant manager and calligrapher. i used to call this my “jerk of all trades” list, but somehow that was getting misconstrued.
read more


things i wanna do
for lack of a better nomenclature, let’s just say this is my own personal bucket list. will i ever get all of these things done, most likely not. however, i’d sure like to give it a try! some of them would require a partner, while others are things i’d need to do on my own. hey, a guys gotta dream, right? (and if any of them strike your fancy, too, please get in touch and let’s discuss!)
read more


writing ideas
i’d like to think i have a somewhat fertile mind and this list, basically, represents some of those fleeting thoughts that pop into my head, with the idea “some day i’m going to have to develop that idea.” most of them tend to be ideas about a play or a tv show (or series), and a few of them are just random ideas. but please let me know if you see where i’m going with any of these ideas or concepts and maybe we can work on developing one or two of them.
read more


latest blog posts

faqsblogwe all have frequently asked questions of ourselves, things that people always seem to want to know. where did you grow up? where did you go to school? are you married? all of these are faq’s. some mundane, but inquiring minds want to know!

so here are a few faq’s on me. take them in the spirit in which they’re given.tmi on… tmiblogtmi is too much information. it’s become the scourge of our lives, imho, which means in my humble opinion.

blogs, even such as this, can easily be tmi. knowing how much we know about each other, and every minute piece of detail on every celebrity, politician or neighbor is all just… tm. too much.

when do we reach the point of overwhelmed? and what do you do when you reach that point?

cut yourself off? run? hide? escape?what hasn’t changed all that much?blogi was thinking the other day: what hasn’t changed all that much? you know, what are the things that seem unchanged by time, or circumstances, or politics, or stupidity?

here’s a few of the things i could come up with:who? me?blogone morning, when gregor samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. he lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections. the bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment. his many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked. 


download my free travel book!      learn more
travel 101: a beginner’s guide to fearless travel is designed essentially for youthful americans who would like to dip their toes into foreign travel but have many questions. this free download seeks to answer those questions for you. i hope you enjoy.










menublog
about
contact
 

 recent posts 

faqs


tmi on… tmi


what hasn’t changed all that much?


who? me?


 

things i like kriticalmass.com
walk2connect.com
tinytim.org
tinyhomes.com
thevenusproject.com
imagination.is
thespiritscience.net
orderofthegooddeath.com
jakeweidmann.com
iflscience.com
talkinbroadway.com
lasthours.org
publicmarkets.com 
publicmarkets.com 

 



















this is a unique website which will require a more modern browser to work!
please upgrade today!
























