







dcm








































































































              home
            

              services
            

              our story
            

              partners
            

              careers
            

            news
          

        client login
      

              contact us
            



















































homeservicesour storypartnerscareersnewsclient logincontact us


















scroll








 have our people talk to your people.











we use the power of personal connection to help your organization thrive.

 

dcm is a creative, boutique telemarketing agency providing tailored services and individualized strategies to ensure your success.








industries served

advocacy
arts & culture
social justice
political







 what we do













fundraising campaigns
a fundraising campaign is about more than needed income for your organization; it is about maintaining, developing, enhancing, and sustaining the relationship you have with all of your supporters. our success in fundraising stems from the knowledge we develop of your organization and the decades of experience that our team brings to your campaign.















subscription campaigns
our subscription campaigns are specifically designed to integrate seamlessly with every client's unique marketing strategy. this allows us to achieve better results and deliver a clear, consistent, and persuasive message to your subscribers and ticket buyers. dcm-managed campaigns maximize sales revenue while providing your patrons with the highest level of knowledgeable customer service.















capital & endowment campaigns
whether your campaign is for bricks and mortar, endowment, or special gifts, dcm will work with you to design a solicitation strategy to help maximize results for your public phase fundraising, while preserving your annual fund or membership programs.



 

view services →






 

by focusing on quality interactions rather than volume, dcm generates a higher roi than our competitors.let’s talk about what we can do for you.

 


    connect
  








home 1.2



home 2.2



home 3



home 4



home 5
























successby talking to people



navigateservicesour storypartnerscareersclient logincontact



connect212-279-4888



login















team gallerypartners list


 











