

quarter horses for sale breeders reining horses cutting horses


















quality reining quarter horses for sale
snoopy 
      video
top quality 
      performance quarter horses for sale at our farm outside louisville,kentucky. 
      we specialize in performance pedigrees for reining, cutting and great all 
      around riding horses. we are breeders who care about quality, integrity 
      and service in dealing with our clients. it is our intention to become one 
      of the premier quarter horse breeders in kentucky and indeed, the country. 
      home of stallion hotrod doc olena. in addition, in our online 
      shop, we offer tack, supplies and equine related books at 
      some of the best prices on the web. free classified ads. 
      we also offer free horse  training tips, care 
      tips and review products that we use around our farm. new 
      articles are posted regularly. in addition, we design and host 
      websites at very competitive prices.

please look around our site and add 
    it to your bookmarks/favorites as we frequently add new items and update our 
    pages. and don't forget to sign up for our newsletter so that we can let you 
    know when we post new horse training articles, horses for sale or super specials 
    from our online shop. we welcome your comments and questions so please do 
    not hesitate to send us an email or give us a call if we may be of assistance.
partnership opportunities
have you ever wanted to see your horse in the 
    big nrha futurity, but found the cost beyond your means? well now you can 
    participate at the highest levels of our sport by partnering in a world class 
    futurity prospect. we have two yearling fillies, one by dun it with a twist 
    and one by reminic n dunit that we are beginning to do the ground work with. 
    both are world class prospect out of quality bred mares. we will be accepting 
    a very few partners to move one or two of these quality prospects through 
    their reining training and to the nrha futurity. this is an opportunity for 
    the excitement of a futurity horse and the potential for big profits as well. 
    take a look at these two fillies on our sale page and while you're there, 
    check out the video of hollywood mojo our 3 year old that will compete at 
    this year's nrha futurity. if interested, send us an email john@hideawayhorses.com 
    or give us a call at 502-777-2995
spammer warning:
since i put an ad on www.thereiner.eu 
    i keep getting spam emails from them even though i've told them to stop. so, 
    you use their site at your own risk. i am concerned that they will sell the 
    email addresses to other spammers as well. like there is not enough crap in 
    the inbox. i recommend avoiding this site if you value your inbox.





 
 















home
about 
                us

horses 
                
stallion
 mares
foals
sale 
                barn

shopping
online 
                shop
free 
                resources
training 
                tips

care 
                tips
free 
                classifieds
survey/vote
useful 
                links
hideaway 
                partners
message 
                boards

  
                
              





be 
                        among the first to recieve new tips and specials.
                        join our newsletter list






subscribe

unsubscribe






















  


















 
 
 
 
  
 

hollywood mojo - "smooch" our 4 year old derby 
                horse. finalist at the southwest futurity at ardmore and will 
                head to the nrha derby at oklahoma city
quality performance bred horses for sale at 
                hideaway
click here







                hotrod doc olena
2000 quarter horse gelding






his pedigree includes: dry doc, doc 
              olena, jessie james, poco lena, doc bar and flying x6
nrha money earner
              aqha point earner - open & amateur reining
2004 kqha futurity circuit champion - amateur & novice 
              amateur 
 he is currently continuing his training and showing 
              in nrha/aqha reining. he is a great riding horse (john's favorite) 
              and we will keep him here at hideaway. click here 
              to see more pictures and video of hotrod. 
              
hotrod's first foals has arrived. a beautiful chestnut 
              colt out of a daughter of nu chex to cash and a gorgeous buckskin 
              colt out of a poco bueno/te n te mare. see them on our sale page.
foundation quarter horse stallion smokem ifya 
              gottem, is registered with aqha - fqhr - nfqha - fshr. foals 
              are eligible for aqha incentive fund and kentucky quarter horse 
              breeders association futurity. his bloodlines include leo, poco 
              bueno, paul a, and oklahoma star which show conformation, speed 
              and cow sense to produce great looking, versatile horses with superior 
              disposition. sold moved to virginia. see his 
              page for more info about smokem and his new owners.






































  



freebies
we offer free articles and resources for your
        use:

free training tips (neck reining)
free horse care tips
free classified ads to post or read 
vote for your favorite horse breed 
free post or read message boards 

        all are free. browse the classifieds for that horse you are looking for 
        or post an ad on a wide variety of horse and equine related topics. start 
        or join a conversation on our equine message boards. just click here or 
        on the links to the left. we hope you find our site a useful and fun place 
        to visit. 


quality saddles by dakota

check out these great saddles that are customized 
        for you and made right here in the usa. free 
        shipping for a limited time.

        click here now for on-line 
        discount equinestore. big discounts on tack, books (large john lyons 
        collection.), supplies, and other products. our items are all personally 
        selected for you to ensure value and quality. 100% secure on-line transactions. 
        








 
visit our sister site for more 
                valuable info







 slidem.com 
            is for the performance horse enthusiast. more training tips, articles, 
            classifieds, and polls/surveys along with it's own on line shop. 




thank you for visiting hideaway quarter horses. 
              please bookmark our equine site and visit us often. if you have 
              comments or suggestions, have a training question or just want to 
              say hello, send us an email. we would love to hear from you.
 



























hideaway quarter horses
                john & kristy milchick
                10234 boston road
                boston, kentucky 40107
                502-833-0325 farm - 502-833-0405 fax
members aqha-nrha-nsba-nfqha-kqhba-kqha
send email here


                this site designed and hosted by hideaway quarter horses
                copyright © 1999-2007 hideaway quarter horses
                all rights reserved
                updated 
                august 27, 2009


  














