

























justrpg - rpg reviews and news for console and pc games







































 







 



 





home
reviews

pc
ps1
ps2
ps3
ps4
psp
vita
snes
gc
wii
gbc
gba
ds
xbox
xbox 360
dc
n-gage


upcoming games
news
columns
profiles

developers
publishers


podcast
let’s plays
about us
 









the snes classic edition: fact or fiction? goodbye nes classic edition last week nintendo announced the nes classic edition would be discontinued after only a year on the shelves. it launched in japan and australia november 10th and in north america and europe the next day. the console was an instant sensation. nintendo explained that “nes classic edition wasn’t intended to be an

read more »





nintendo direct 4.12.2017 nintendo direct 4.12.2017 the time has finally come, nintendo has produced another nintendo direct for the first time in many months. this nintendo direct was focused on the two hottest upcoming nintendo switch games; splatoon 2 and arms. while it was not declared the focus of the direct beforehand 3ds was also given a significant

read more »





the game awards 2016 below are the games that were revealed and/or teased during the award ceremony. the one game i am most excited for is the prequel specter of torment which is set to release in the spring, and will be followed at some point by one more campaign, which will star king knight. bulletstorm: full clip bulletstorm: full clip edition brings the

read more »





the nes classic edition: retro never looked so cute nintendo is taking the old and making it new today with the release of the nes classic edition. this tiny machine can fit in the palm of your hand and weighing in at around 2 lbs it’s no wonder people have started calling it the “mini-nes”. many stores have already sold out of it on

read more »





nintendo switch has been revealed! earlier this morning nintendo released a commercial out of the blue. a commercial that would steal the attention of everyone on the internet today. finally, they have revealed their new system. the nintendo switch. this was nintendo’s announcement: introducing nintendo switch! in addition to providing single and multiplayer thrills at home, the nintendo switch system also

read more »







reviews

sony
   
 

nintendo
 
 
 

microsoft
 

other
 




 






follow us

youtube
twitter
facebook
pinterest
tumblr
instagram


search


search for:






news




 

						the snes classic edition: fact or fiction?					


 

						nintendo direct 4.12.2017					


 

						the game awards 2016					


 

						the nes classic edition: retro never looked so cute					


 

						nintendo switch has been revealed!					


 



columns




 

						digital vs physical games					


 

						what to play on the nintendo switch today!					


 

						pax east convention 2017					


 

						moon hunters: a gut feeling game					


 

						discussion of the week: what were your most memorable rpg moments?					


podcast




useful links 
mmos.com
geekade
rpgmusic
rpgfan
rpg gamer








		powered by wordpress and dynamic news.	








