








housing, infrastructure and communities canada - reaching home: canada's homelessness strategy






































skip to main content
skip to "about government"






language selection



français
fr







 / 
							gouvernement du canada







search


search canada.ca












search







menu
main menu 

jobs and the workplace
immigration and citizenship
travel and tourism
business and industry
benefits
health
taxes
environment and natural resources
national security and defence
culture, history and sport
policing, justice and emergencies
transport and infrastructure
canada and the world
money and finances
science and innovation




you are here:



canada.ca



housing, infrastructure and communities canada









reaching home: canada's homelessness strategy





overview
program information
funding streams
program directives
data analysis, reports and publications
point-in-time counts of homelessness
homeless individuals and families information system
find a community
contact us




quick links

veteran homelessness program
national housing strategy
canada's housing plan
housing and infrastructure project map
hicc media room
backgrounder: action research on chronic homelessness


reaching home, launched in 2019, is a community-based program aimed at preventing and reducing homelessness across canada. this program supports the goals of solving the housing crisis: canada's housing plan and the national housing strategy and provides funding and support to urban, indigenous, territorial and rural and remote communities to help them address their local homelessness needs.
under reaching home, the government of canada works with communities to deliver projects based on community priorities and data with clear outcomes. this outcomes-based approach keeps the decision-making process at the local level. it also gives communities flexibility to address local priorities and deliver programming designed to meet the needs of specific populations (e.g., youth, indigenous peoples, women and children fleeing violence).
reaching home is now investing $5 billion over nine years (2019 – 2028) to address homelessness. this funding helps organizations doing vitally important work across the country and ensures communities have the support they need to continue to prevent and reduce homelessness.
building strong communities with the national housing strategy
reaching home supports the goals of the national housing strategy which recognizes that safe and affordable housing is at the heart of every strong community.
the national housing strategy has programs and initiatives that can help communities support people in canada by:

creating new housing supply
renovating and repairing existing housing

the strategy is currently a 10-year, $115+ billion plan that will give more people in canada a place to call home. it will create vibrant and inclusive communities where people want to live, work and play.
it provides resources for community housing providers, in addition to funding, innovation and research programs.
funding opportunities are available and more information can be found on canada mortgage and housing corporation's website.
related information

government of canada launches new program to help put an end to veteran homelessness
backgrounder - reaching home
past consultations for the redesign of the federal homelessness program

 







report a problem on this page





please select all that apply: 

something is broken


provide more details (optional):



the page has spelling or grammar mistakes


provide more details (optional):



the information is wrong


provide more details (optional):



the information is outdated


provide more details (optional):



i can’t find what i’m looking for


describe what you’re looking for (optional):



other


provide more details (optional):





submit



thank you for your help!
you will not receive a reply. for enquiries, please contact us.











date modified:
2025-01-28









about this site



government of canada

all contacts
departments and agencies
about government

themes and topics

jobs
immigration and citizenship
travel and tourism
business
benefits
health
taxes
environment and natural resources
national security and defence
culture, history and sport
policing, justice and emergencies
transport and infrastructure
canada and the world
money and finance
science and innovation
indigenous peoples
veterans and military
youth







government of canada corporate

social media
mobile applications
about canada.ca
terms and conditions
privacy























