

  



















greennet | internet services, web design and hosting for activists



















skip to main content








search form

search 







status
client area
contact us
webmail







internet serviceshosting packages
email
web hosting
broadband
domains
server hosting
cloud storage

web projectshow we work
work we've done
get in touch

aboutwhy join greennet?
who we are
our history
our green credentials

communitycalendar
jobs
news
blogs

support
contact ushow to find us




you are herehome





we are
greennet
a not-for-profit collective established 1985, providing internet services, web design and hosting to supporters of peace, the environment and human rights







what we do

broadband, email & hosting
hosting packages for all needs from £7.20 per month
minimum 1gb+ of web space, pop, imap and webmail access, domain registration and more.
broadband from £25 per month
ethical home & organisational broadband, adsl up to 8mbps & 20mbps, unlimited bandwidth, fixed ip, and greennet’s excellent support team.



web design & development
greennet web projects are all about planning, designing, building and hosting websites that work brilliantly for you and your users.
if you just want a simple website, we can set up a content management system like drupal or wordpress for you.
sites are hosted on our renewably powered servers at a colocation centre in london.


 









web projects





  participatory methods

  peace brigades international

  tapol 2023

  ddawatch

  unesco positive learning toolkit

  sdg4education2030 arabic region

  a statue for sylvia

  world rainforest movement

  un transforming education summit 

  cnca non-negotiable campaign

  stateless journeys

  uk100

  fossil free ecas

  unesco iiep in action 2021

  irr register of racism and resistance





latest news & blogs




  
 greennet winter newsletter 2024 
 18 december 2024 
 dear greennet friends,
			
				december 2024
			
		
				it's time once again for our annual greennet winter newsletter. we'd like to thank new and longstanding greennet users for your support in 2024...  

  
 greennet hosts ghost!  
 27 november 2024 
 greennet hosts ghost!

	a powerful app for professional publishers to create, share, and grow a business around...  

  
 call for an immediate ceasefire in gaza 
 12 june 2024 
 we would like to draw your attention to the work of long-time greennet customers at hi in gaza, and their call for an...  







greennet web projects are all about planning, designing, building and hosting websites that work brilliantly for you and your users.
find out more »
 










who we work with

                 



what you say about greennet




 greennet’s ethos and ultra-helpful approach has been a source of inspiration in the five years i’ve known you.lindsay  
   








site map


internet services
web projects
about
community
support
contact us




get in touch

phone: +44 (0)330 355 4011
support: support@gn.apc.org
general enquiries: info@gn.apc.org



how can we help?

not sure if what you want is possible? get in touch and we’ll be happy to talk through your idea with you. or if you want to talk to a real human right away, you can call us on:
0330 355 4011









 

© 2024  greennet, oxford house, derbyshire street, bethnal green, london e2 6hg
on mastodon   terms and conditions   code of practice   legal information   complaints procedure
 







