






maine appalachian trail club – where volunteers and trail enthusiasts maintain and manage 267 miles of the appalachian trail in maine. a mission we’ve been carrying out since 1935.


































































 

 









seasonal employment opportunities




skip to content




 







home
about

committees
seasonal employment
faqs
local management plan
annual reports
meeting minutes
ridge runner education program


stay informed

announcements
mainetainer newsletter
trail center construction blog
news
matc facebook feed
instagram feed
email sign-up
update your contact information
contact us


events

all events
work trips calendar


get involved

membership
volunteer handbook
volunteer interest form
volunteer opportunities
volunteer vacancies


for volunteers

trail maintainers
campsite maintainers
corridor monitors
volunteer service agreement
check-in check-out form
emergency response plan
incident reporting
sawyer certification
voucher reimbursement form
work trip report


for hikers

kennebec river ferry service
leave no trace
stream crossing info
appalachian trail guide to maine
matc store
atc interactive map
digital trail maps
group registration
baxter state park – katahdin info
grafton loop trail
submit a trail report


support matc

donate
matc store
membership
support our fall appeal
sponsorship


menu 



search for:













volunteers and trail enthusiasts maintaining and managing 267 miles of the appalachian trail in maine. a mission we’ve been carrying out since 1935.



						volunteer opportunities						

						volunteer with the matc – there are many opportunities for volunteers to help the matc preserve and protect the appalachian trail in maine, and have fun to boot.						


 


 



 



 



 



 



 





recent posts
update your contact informationnovember 26, 2024thank you for your interest in updating your contact information! please fill out the form below to ensure we have the most accurate details on file. your information is important to… read more: update your contact information
read the new mainetainernovember 19, 2024the fall edition of the matc newsletter – the mainetainer was published on november 3rd. catch up on the news about the at in maine!
two maintainers needed – katahdin districtnovember 15, 2024contact: herb fithian – manager, katahdin district  help wanted! – be a trail maintainer! • a trail maintainer position open in baxter state park. section is 4.3 miles between the park’s… read more: two maintainers needed – katahdin district
corridor monitors wantedseptember 5, 2024open matc corridor monitoring assignments (updated 9/5/24) there are eleven opportunities left for becoming involved in this exciting aspect of caring for the appalachian trail in maine.  for information about corridor… read more: corridor monitors wanted
airlift of materials in the barren-chairback rangejuly 13, 2024august 8-11, 2024 one day during august 8-11, the maine appalachian trail club (matc) will be working with a helicopter contractor to airlift 12,000 pounds of lumber and tools to the… read more: airlift of materials in the barren-chairback range
“on the trail”april 2, 2024“on the trail”maine’s appalachian trail sample three different sections of the famed appalachian trail as it winds through the maine wilderness, with a look at some other fun activities to pursue… read more: “on the trail”
 










learn morethank you sponsors!






						upcoming events					






			mar		

			7		








7:00 pm - 9:00 pm 



		executive committee meeting	










			apr		

			19		








8:00 am - 5:00 pm 



		matc annual meeting	










			may		

			2		








7:00 pm - 9:00 pm 



		executive committee meeting	










			may		

			3		








may 3 - may 4 



		privy pre-build	









		view calendar	









			i want to help		






 



 



 


 








			email sign up		


 

copyright © 2025 maine appalachian trail club   •   po box 7564   •   portland, me 04112   •   email:  info@matc.org  |   matcweb@matc.org  









































