garden route hotel guide - garden route accommodation - south africa hotels  homeknysna hotelsplettenberg bay hotelstsitsikamma hotels mossel bay hotelsgeorge hotelsoudtshoorn hotelseast london & mthathaport elizabeth hotelsport elizabeth day toursspecialist safari toursholiday package toursgarden route guidehotspots and highlightspopular selectionsgarden route hotel accommodationthe garden route is a premier south african holiday destination for family beach holidays, adventure activities, romantic breaks and nature getaways. find the best garden route hotel accommodation options in knysna, plettenberg bay, tsitsikamma, mossel bay, george, oudtshoorn and port elizabeth.
this selection of garden route hotels and resort accommodation offer both budget and luxury options in a region of beautiful coastlines, sparkling lakes, majestic mountains, rivers, indigenous forests and golden beaches all along the south east coast of south africa.




knysna hotels
knysna is a scenic paradise surrounded by spectacular mountains, pristine beaches, forests and a lagoon. great golf courses and outdoor activities are offered at knysna hotels along the garden route. visit the scenic knysna heads.




plettenberg bay hotels

plettenberg bay is a tranquil town, characterised by unspoilt beaches, lagoons, rivers, forests and plettenberg bay hotels. this is an excellent family holiday destination. enjoy plenty of good restaurants and lots of beach hotel entertainment.






garden route beach hotel
garden route beach hotels are located close to the sandy beaches of the indian ocean. enjoy water sports like surfing or relax with a cocktail during sunset over the ocean in port elizabeth, knysna, mossel bay.




family holiday hotels

while staying at garden route family hotels there are many fun activities to entertain kids including exploring the cango caves, zip lining through the tsitsikamma forest and getting close to nature at birds of eden sanctuary and monkeyland.






romantic get-aways

a choice of romantic garden route hotels, ideal for newly-weds or couples in love. enjoy secluded accommodation in a forest setting or over-looking the indian ocean.



the adventurous spirit

garden route adventure hotels are located in pristine wilderness areas close to hiking and biking trails, and great whale watching spots. you can also enjoy the highest bungee jump in the world.






business hotels

these garden route business hotels combine state-of-the-art conference and event facilities with beautiful surroundings and the best executive leisure activity, golf.




spa and wellness hotels

escape from the city stresses to one of these five and four star garden route spa hotels. get back in touch with your self and refocus your positive energies.





garden route golfing holidays

if you are looking for the best place to start your golf holiday on the garden route, you can do no better than checking into one of these 5 star golf estates:

fancourt golf estate - george

conrad pezula resort & spa - knysna

simola country estate - knysna




garden route travel guide

our garden route travel guide find out all about the attractions and towns along the scenic garden route of south africa. get inspired to visit the world's highest bungee jump and the spectacular cango caves.

private luxury estates and guest housesas an alternative to garden route hotels we offer a selection of garden route country estates and a variety of garden route guest houses, each with their own unique character. next - contact ustoggle navigationenquire(current)  contact us         garden route hotel accommodation  customer support tel: +27 21 424 1037 fax: +27 21 424 1036 contact by mail business hours mon - fri. 08:00 - 17:00 saturday. 08:00 - 12:00 booking reservations and bookings booking conditions visa and passport about siyabona africa (pty) ltd   popular pages knysna hotels plettenberg bay hotels tsitsikamma hotels mossel bay hotels george hotels port elizabeth hotels highest bungee jump cango caves garden route for families    south africa hotel guide cape winelands cape town cape coast johannesburg pretoria and centurion sandton kwazulu-natal mpumalanga limpopo sun city resort    ©2024 siyabona africa (pty)ltd - private travel   privacy settings


