










actiontec ... superior wifi optimized for you  - actiontec.com






























































































products

optim®

managed wi-fi solution
smartsteering®
wan speed test
advanced security
advanced analytics
dynamic software management


4g & 5g small cell

5g oran
5g all-in-one small cell
4g small cell
network automation


gateways and extenders
enterprise ap
home networking

moca network adapters


optical network equipment

build america buy america (baba) compliant products




services

managed network
software
client support


resources

industry articles & research
blog


learn

wi-fi networking
modems, routers & gateways


support
 





select page


  
 



 



 










 





request meeting

 
 


managed wi-fi
 
actiontec’s optim managed wi-fi platform gives broadband operators the tools they need to manage subscribers’ home wireless networks and all the wireless client devices connected to it.
 
learn more

 



 
 


gateways + extenders
 
learn more





 
 
 
 
 
 
 



proudly powering
 
 
 

 



 
 
 
 



the brand service providers trust
 


 
 
 



 
 
 
 



latest news
 




netexperience & actiontec electronics partner to deploy vital openwifi services to non-profit community support center
ottawa, on and santa clara, calif., june 11, 2024 /prnewswire/ — netexperience, creator of the first end-to-end wlan software and service compatible with openwifi, and actiontec electronics, a leading innovator in wired and wireless access solutions for over 30 years, have partnered to deploy tip openwifi to benefit the clients of morrissey compton, a non-profit community-based resource designed to address the broad needs of children, adolescents, and adults with learning challenges, attention disorders, and emotional difficulties.
read more
 

actiontec and edgeq unveil commercial release of asc-508: revolutionizing network flexibility, performance, and future-proofing 4g & 5g small cell
santa clara, calif., feb. 24, 2024 /prnewswire-prweb/ — actiontec, a leading innovator from silicon valley, ca, in wired and wireless access solutions for over 30 years, today announced the commercial availability of its groundbreaking cutting-edge technology asc-508 small cell, based on edgeq’s programmable “base station-on-a-chip.”
read more
 

actiontec announces 25g pon ont
january 10, 2024, santa clara, california. actiontec today is proud to announce industry leading 25g pon ont products. the very first model, xvg-99sk, a small form-factor pluggable (sfp) device, is now entering test stages with a few key customers. additional models, in different form-factors, will be available later in 2024.
read more
 


 

 
 
  


 
 
 




about actiontec 
corporate overview
press center
corporate social responsibility
awards
trademark policy
contact us


  products 
optim
4g & 5g small cells
gateways and extenders
enterprise ap
retail products

 blog 
latest posts

  contact us
phone:
(408) 837-4800
support toll free:
(888) 436-0657
support:
(719) 884-8300
sales:
broadband inquiries

business development
enterprise ap inquiries

tech support
request form
  follow us


follows





245.2k
followers







21.8k
followers







1.33k
followers







2.6k
followers




 do not sell my information (california)    
 



copyright 2025 actiontec electronics, inc.  all rights reserved.


trademark policy
							| terms of use
							| privacy
							| cookie policy
							| warranty

 

 
 
 
xthis website or its third-party tools process personal data.in case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link do not sell my personal information.privacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview

this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.  for more information see our cookie policy page.

 





                        necessary 
                    


 necessary 


                        always enabled                    



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






                        analytics 
                    


analytics










                        performance 
                    


performance










                        functional 
                    


functional










                        advertisement 
                    


advertisement










save & accept
































share this





linkedin





facebook





twitter





 





business development

name*


first



last

email*

phonetitle*company*product inquiry*

optim


home networking


wifi gateways & routers


4g & 5g small cell
question*captcha
 











δ






































