












maag | gala underwater pelletizing systems































































































































































  window.datalayer = window.datalayer || [];
  function gtag(){datalayer.push(arguments);}
  
   gtag("consent", "default", {
        ad_personalization: "denied",
        ad_storage: "denied",
        ad_user_data: "denied",
        analytics_storage: "denied",
        functionality_storage: "denied",
        personalization_storage: "denied",
        security_storage: "denied",
        wait_for_update: 500,
    });
    gtag("set", "ads_data_redaction", true);
    gtag("set", "url_passthrough", false); 
  
  gtag('js', new date());

  gtag('config', 'g-w82v3h12hl');





skip to content








mymaagcareer opportunitiesnewseventsdownloadinnovation showroompump calculatorchina website 














 about usfields of competenceproduct brandsamnautomatikettlingergalamaagreductionscheerwittexantecmanagementvision & valuescorporate historylocationsquality, social and governanceip and trademark assetsabout doverproductspump & filtration systemsgear pumpsfiltrationpelletizing systemsstrand pelletizingunderwater pelletizingdrop pelletizingdryerspulverizing systemsrecycling systemsdigitalizationapplicationscompoundingextrusionhot melt adhesivesmasterbatchpharma & foodpump solutions (industrial / chemical applications)recyclingresin & virgin polymer productionrotomoldingservicespare partsrotor sharpening servicerepair and servicingmaintenance and inspectiontest and research centerstraining coursesupgrades and technology serviceinquirycontacts


search for:










about usfields of competenceproduct brandsamnautomatikettlingergalamaagreductionscheerwittexantecmanagementvision & valuescorporate historylocationsquality, social and governanceip and trademark assetsabout doverproductspump & filtration systemsgear pumpsfiltrationpelletizing systemsstrand pelletizingunderwater pelletizingdrop pelletizingdryerspulverizing systemsrecycling systemsdigitalizationapplicationscompoundingextrusionhot melt adhesivesmasterbatchpharma & foodpump solutions (industrial / chemical applications)recyclingresin & virgin polymer productionrotomoldingservicespare partsrotor sharpening servicerepair and servicingmaintenance and inspectiontest and research centerstraining coursesupgrades and technology serviceinquirycontacts


search for:










about usfields of competenceproduct brandsamnautomatikettlingergalamaagreductionscheerxantecmanagementvision & valuescorporate historylocationsquality managementip and trademark assetsabout doverproductspump & filtration systemsgear pumpsfiltrationpelletizing systemsstrand pelletizingunderwater pelletizingdrop pelletizingdryersquality control & analysispulverizing systemsrecycling systemsdigitalizationapplicationscompoundingextrusionhot melt adhesivesmasterbatchpharma & foodpump solutions (industrial / chemical applications)recyclingresin & virgin polymer productionrotomoldingservicespare partsrotor sharpening servicerepair and servicingmaintenance and inspectiontest and research centerstraining coursesupgrades and technology serviceinquirycontactsmaag newspresstechnical articlescareer opportunitiesdates and eventsconferencesdownloadinnovation showroompump calculatorchina website 










search for:
















inquiry 



callback 



contact 



 








 







your specialist for underwater pelletizing
systems within the maag group 
							
 





 




gala2024-06-25t16:32:13+02:00 
about usfields of competence
product brands
management
vision & values
corporate history
locations
quality, social and governance
ip and trademark assets
about dover

stronger together: gala is part of the maag groupgala is the global leading manufacturer of underwater pelletizing systems and centrifugal dryers. gala enjoys an outstanding reputation among national and international customers in the plastics manufacturing and processing industry. customers rely on the company’s high level of design, manufacturing and application expertise, across a wide range of materials.
since 2015, gala has been the specialized product brand for underwater pelletizing systems within the global maag group. combining the products, know-how and technologies of the maag group and gala optimizes innovation and processing capabilities for the polymers and compounding industry. our employees are strategically located around the globe and our footprint of production sites and sales and service organizations allows customers access to our consolidated know-how and product portfolio. the maag group through gala offers innovative turnkey systems, high-performance modules, sustainable components, comprehensive services and new opportunities in polymer production and processing.
contactread more…
underwater pelletizing systemscentrifugal dryerstechnologies for underwater pelletizing from galagala has been the embodiment of innovative technologies in underwater pelletizing and drying for polymer, compounding and masterbatch processing, production and recycling applications for over 60 years. within the maag group, gala develops tailored, turnkey underwater pelletizing systems and dryers. its plants process polymers, hot-melt adhesives, color masterbatches, compounds, thermoplastic elastomers, soft and rigid pvc, chewing gum bases, and many other plastics and composites.
in addition to in-depth industry and product know-how and decades of experience, gala and the maag group are united by respect for our interactions with customers. reliable performance fulfillment of customers’ needs and requirements is how we measure ourselves. gala’s product range and services within the maag group are consistently designed to achieve the results required by customers with maximum availability, support backup, and a strong sense of responsibility. the combined innovative strength and high qualification levels of the maag group’s workforce guarantee the ongoing optimization of the systems and the sustainable development of new products and services in line with demand.
research and development – together with the customerthe needs of our customers are the starting points for new developments. that is why gala’s research and development activities as part of the maag group often involve its customers. projects are run jointly to analyze actual situations and define goals. to support customers in their product development, research and development tasks, or in the production of pellet samples for market launch, gala operates pilot plants and test centers. they are also able to test finished underwater pelletizing systems in terms of their suitability for the given application. the state-of-the-art information, demonstration and research centers are equipped with processing systems such as compounders featuring single-screw and twin-screw extruders, as well as systems for the production of hot-melt adhesives, including for low-viscosity applications.
the technology at the maag group gala test centers:
pellet drying
crystallization of pet after pelletizing
fluidized bed drying
equipment for moisture analysis in ongoing experiments
bagging systems
powdering after pelletizing
surface moisture analysis (weight loss)
rotational viscometer (measuring range up to 500,000 mpas)
melt flow index measurement
screening analysis
karl fischer titration method


products through changing timestechnology is constantly evolving. new technologies and processes are the driving force leading us to continually improve our machinery and plants. in doing so, it is important for us to apply the best of our current generation into the next, and to establish the foundations for efficient state-of-the-art polymer production and processing by integrating new technical possibilities. we work to achieve that every day, in keeping with our promise of delivering next-level solutions. our comprehensive services providing inspection, maintenance, repair using original spare parts and machine upgrades are guaranteed in relation to all legacy models as well as all our current machines.
here is a brief overview of the history of our model series and products:





model 6 slc pelletizer
pearlo 90 eac pelletizer


model 7 slc pelletizer
pearlo 160 eac pelletizer


tws 20 water system
puro 20 water system


is water filtration
cbf water filtration 


2016 ecbf dryer
cyclo 420 dryer




milestones in the history of our products




1969
sale of the first gala centrifugal dryer


1976
first gala underwater pelletizer in laboratory testing


1977
the first gala underwater pelletizer is sold





the maag group and gala complement each other perfectly. within the maag group, we have the unique opportunity to expand our product and service portfolio in line with customer needs, create better career prospects, expand our geographical reach, and so further enhance our profitability and our customer offer. i am proud that gala is a key member of the global maag group.
paul merich, vice president / general manager maag americastop-class service for maag group gala customersour focus is always on the customer. consequently, technical support and reliable service are of the utmost importance to gala, as they are across the maag group. with its own global service network, gala offers fast, reliable service whenever the customer needs it. experienced gala specialists in the electrical, mechanical and process engineering fields are available around the clock within the maag group. with preventive maintenance, operator training, and seminars on underwater pelletizing, we will help you to keep gala pelletizing systems and centrifugal dryers running smoothly and efficiently at all times.
link to maag group service what gala customers of the maag group say:we run two shifts every day, and will extend to three shifts if and when necessary. downtimes are practically eliminated. once the plant has been started, it runs for hours. we only have to shut down when there is a material change, and that is planned accordingly. we check the plant only about every half hour, while it simply continues to output pellets. if we need to expand our operations, i’m sure i’ll turn to gala again. thank you once again for all the support you have given us. i really appreciate it.jim johnsono’neil color and compounding has been using gala pelletizers for at least 17 years, and the number of gala underwater pelletizers it operates is increasing every year. in the course of our expansion and growth, gala’s pelletizing plants have become our preference. every time we expand our production, whether by installing a new production plant or modernizing existing lines, gala is part of the process. we now have a whole range of different sized plants, with various models. we can pelletize a wide variety of polymers, and achieve pellets of a quality that other pelletizers can only achieve with difficulty, if at all. given the customer support, reliability and design quality we get, the decision when upgrading is an easy one to make.bob anthony, o'neil color and compounding plant managergala – milestones in our company historygala has been supporting the polymer industry with reliable and innovative systems for underwater pelletizing since 1959. as part of the maag group, we are strong and well positioned to meet all the challenges and new demands of the future posed by the market and our customers.





1959
gala industries is founded in the commonwealth of virginia, usa. gala’s first product was a baby diaper fastener, the “di-d-klip”


1970
gala moved to current location, eagle rock


1976
first lab test with gala underwater pelletizer


1980
first lab demo at gala pelletizing micropellets with customer’s ldpe material


1987
founding of gala gmbh


1991
gala’s esop (employee stock ownership plan) was established


2003
gala industries became a 100% owned esop


2007
gala gmbh celebrated its 20th anniversary


2008 
founding of gala industries asia ltd


2009
gala industries celebrated its 50th anniversary


2015
gala becomes part of the maag group


2020
gala industries, inc. becomes maag gala, inc.


2021
gala kunststoff- und kautschukmaschinen gmbh and maag automatik gmbh merge to form the new maag germany gmbh




contactcompany brochure



 
 





 

about us
career opportunities
privacy
imprint
 

 follow us

 

 

 

 
 
 





		©  · maag 
increon 


linkedinyoutubexing
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

callbackcountry *please select your countryafghanistanåland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos islandscolombiacomoroscongo, democratic republic of thecongo, republic of thecook islandscosta ricacôte d'ivoirecroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaeswatini (swaziland)ethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard and mcdonald islandsholy seehondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaumacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestine, state ofpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarréunionromaniarussiarwandasaint barthélemysaint helenasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgiasouth koreasouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayen islandsswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesuruguayus minor outlying islandsuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelavietnamvirgin islands, britishvirgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe  name *phone number *emailsend requestthank you for your message. it has been sent.there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.





this website uses cookies. we use cookies in order to determine the frequency of use and number of users of the pages, to analyse the behaviour of page use, but also to make our offer more customer-friendly. we distinguish between cookies that are necessary (without consent) and cookies that require consent (third party cookies). detailed information on the use of cookies on this website can be found by clicking on "more information". you can use the "further settings" link to decide which cookies requiring consent are to be activated. if you click on "agree", all cookies — including those requiring agreement — will be activated. you can revoke your consent and deactivate the use of cookies requiring consent. more information further settings 


			agree		

			disagree		





third party cookies
					
											select here which third-party cookies you wish to accept here. please note that if you do not accept cookies, features on the website may be restricted. please visit the third party websites for more information on their use of cookies. if you have decided not to grant or revoke your consent to the use of cookies requiring your consent, you will only be provided with those functions of our website whose use we can guarantee without these cookies. you can subsequently change your settings on our data protection page. we use the following third-party cookies:					
											
						



													youtube										




google analytics
					
											google analytics helps us understand how visitors interact with our websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. we would like to point out that google analytics has been extended by the code "gat._anonymizeip();" in order to guarantee an anonymous collection of ip addresses (so-called ip masking). 					
																	



										tracking cookies								






























go to top




