

































    
    home | c.l.a.s.s. children's liver association for support services monaca, pa 15061
  
  















                  

 

 





    




 classkidscares@gmail.com


    


     about


   our mission and values



  our goal



  our founders' story



  our presidents' story



  our board



  scientific advisory board





  events



  take action


   donate with paypal



  donate your time



  newsletter





  additional resources


   telephone helpline



  class notes newsletter



  direct support program



  other resources





  blog



  contact






      


  



























    
 





      
 c.l.a.s.schildren’s liver association for support services helping children affected with liver disease by addressing the emotional, educational and financial needs of families    

learn more




   

 our mission children’s liver association for support services is an all volunteer group.c.l.a.s.s. was founded out of the recognized need for an organization dedicated to addressing the emotional, educational and financial needs of families with children affected by liver disease and transplantation.   

learn more




   programs and services c.l.a.s.s. offers a variety of ways to be both a source of support to families and a valuable resource to all affected by liver disease and transplantation:


       








telephone helpline giving families, healthcare professionals, and caregivers access to free information about pediatric liver disease and personal support.   

learn more


    






c.l.a.s.s. notes newsletter highlights activities of the organization, additional resources, tells personal stories, and articles written by leading liver specialist.   

learn more


     





direct support program offering financial aid for families of pediatric liver disease patents. family support, call our toll free number (877)679-8256.   

learn more




      












in thenews teaching children today allows for a brighter future, one in which they can both learn and teach.    

learn more


     





upcoming events vaccinating children against preventable disease enables them to live a healthy, productive life.    

learn more


     







additional resources  it takes an entire community to raise a child. once that community is formed, anything can be achieved.    

learn more




       

  start helping now
donate   

button




  

  want to volenteer
contact us   

button




  

  checkout other ways to help
upcoming events   

button














       


 contact info p.o. box 186monaca, pa 15061united statesphone: (724) 581-5527email: classkidscares@gmail.com
   

donate

    

 





















































































































  
  share by:








