





home












































































allegheny mountain rescue group


















                    home                                        





                    training calendar                                        





                    emergency services                                        





                    how to join                                        





                    outreach                                        





                    canine sar                                        





                    support amrg                                        





                    contact us                                        





 



 home
— links
— photos
—— canine sar
—— technical rescue
—— amrg in action
 training calendar
— sartopo mapping class
— managing lost person search class
— missing person search initial actions for law enforcement
— swift water incident management
 emergency services
— amrg services
— service area
— excluded activties
 how to join
— joining amrg
— new member info
— operational member checklist
— rescue member checklist
— search manager standards
 outreach
— hug-a-tree
— fellows
 canine sar
— canine sar
— become a sar dog handler
 support amrg
— sponsors
 contact us


















                    links                                        





                    photos                                        







                    sartopo mapping class                                        





                    managing lost person search class                                        





                    missing person search initial actions for law enforcement                                        





                    swift water incident management                                        







                    amrg services                                        





                    service area                                        





                    excluded activties                                        







                    joining amrg                                        





                    new member info                                        





                    operational member checklist                                        





                    rescue member checklist                                        





                    search manager standards                                        







                    hug-a-tree                                        





                    fellows                                        







                    canine sar                                        





                    become a sar dog handler                                        







                    sponsors                                        





 



























































































allegheny mountain rescue group (amrg ), station 582, is an all-volunteer search and rescue (sar) team based in pittsburgh that has offered support to government agencies responsible for missing, lost, and injured person incidents since 1985. amrg will help locate, access, stabilize, and transport patients in wilderness and suburban settings. amrg will also aid in searches for suspected crime victims and evidence searches. these services are provided at no charge. amrg's primary response area is allegheny county and the region 13 area of southwestern pennsylvania. we will also provide mutual aid in the surrounding areas in west virginia, ohio, and maryland. amrg provides the volunteer component of the allegheny county child abduction response team and is a member of the pennsylvania search and rescue council, the appalachian search and rescue conference, and is the only team in the state of pennsylvania that is accredited by the mountain rescue association. 
 










 
please contact us for further information about amrg services, meetings, activities, or other non-emergency issues.
contact us
allegheny mountain rescue group1800 murray ave #81103pittsburgh, pa 15217 
412-567-3328
to keep up on our latest activities, follow us on facebook!
 



































 










                                                                  




























 member login























 













back to top








login




username



password



remember me






 


			forgot your password?



			forgot your username?










