


4x4xplor.com - jeep tj wrangler, jk, cj and xj cherokee write-ups

















home | jk wrangler | tj wrangler | xj cherokee | cj-7 | write-ups | forum
































 




  







because we've all been newbies at one point and time and we've all had a lot to learn, cindy and i like to do a newbie run once a year to help teach people who are new to the world of jeeps the basics and get them out on the trail. last chance canyon is where we typically like to do this as it is short enough and has just the right amount of obstacles to help someone learn how to use their jeep off-road. of course, being that there's so much more to what we consider the jeep wayalife than just driving over stuff, we always make sure to throw in a bit of sightseeing, history and camping out with good friends under the stars.
 

in this short presentation, you'll get to see all the fun we have on our annual wayalife last chance canyon newbie run. i hope you enjoy what you see and if you're new to the world of jeeps, i hope you join us on our next run.

more than just a jeep, it's a wayalife!


 featured write-ups
 



advance             adapters jeep tj
                  slip yoke eliminator (sye)
                  & cv drive shaft installation

whenever you lift a jeep tj above 2" (and sometimes even just 2"), your drive line will be off enough to cause what is known as drive line vibrations or "vibes" for short. because of this, most lift kits will include a transfer case skid plate lowering kit to help restore your drive lines back to or at least closer to stock. for the most part, this will do the trick but then you have to ask yourself, do i really want to lower the very part of my jeep that i just spent a boat load of money to raise up? yes, there are other ways you can kind of get around this like installing a 1" motor mount lift and/or lowering your transfer case skid plate just a bit with washers and you can even try to convince yourself that the vibes are gone.... but believe me, once you install an advance adapter slip yoke eliminator or aa sye for short and a cv drive shaft, you'll know that you had just been kidding yourself. once installed, your jeep will drive like butter. it will also be quieter which is something i hadn't expected and you will be doing your u-joints a huge favor.




howell throttle body fuel injection jeep cj - 258 i-6 engine 

installation write-up & review 

                from day one, i have just been dreaming about a day when i could install a howell fuel injection system on my cj. one of the biggest reason for wanting fuel injection was so that i could pass a visual smog inspection but one of the biggest benefits of having a fuel injection system is that i could ditch my piece of crap carter bbd carburetor! no more crappy idle, no more stalling at the most inopportune moments and no more miles and miles of vacuum lines under the hood.

 just so you know, there are other fuel injection kits available out there (like the mopar mpi) but cost was a factor for me. also, in the state of california, the howell tbi and mopar mpi are the only smog legal fuel injection kits you can use.

 the instructions that come with the howell tbi kit is more intended for a 1990 yj and may seem a bit confusing at times. this write-up was written for a 1981 jeep cj with a 258 engine so there will be differences along the way.




jeep differential fluid change service
 dana 30, dana 35, dana 44 & chrysler 8.25 

changing the fluid in your jeep's differentials is important part of routine maintenance. new gear oil will insure your differentials will be properly lubricated but taking the time to pop open the cover will also gives you a chance to inspect the gears within it for any damage or unsual wear. as i like to say, better to catch a potential problem in the garage than having to figure out how to fix it on the trail.

 following "schedule b" in the jeep owner manual (heavy driving), i change my differential fluids every 12,000 miles. however, it's always a good idea to do this after going through a deep water crossing too. below is a list of what you will need and instructions on how to perform this service yourself on a dana 30, dana 35, dana 44 or chrysler 8.25 axle.




lod jeep jk wrangler signature series
 rear bumper tire carrier installation write-up

the all new lod signature series jk rear bumper/tire carrier is a beautifully designed full width rear bumper that will compliment your jeep jk wrangler while providing heavy duty protection from the rocks. constructed out of 3/16? laser cut steel plate, this bumper comes complete with d-ring mounts, tapered ends for maximum departure angles and is available in texture or a matte black powder coat finish. however, in addition to all these standard features, this, the lod signature series jk rear bumper/tire carrier is also available with a standard adjustable toggle latch, huge 1-1/2? solid hinge pin with cap and locking pin that holds the tire carrier open. and, if that weren't enough, you can also get this rear bumper with an optional, trail rack, jerry can mounts, 4? recessed halogen reverse lights and an led 3rd brake light.   installation of the lod jk signature series jk rear bumper/tire carrier does require some minor drilling but is otherwise straight forward, simple and can be done in about an hour or two with the help of a friend.










 










more 

              than

              just a jeep...

              it's a

              way of life!  

4x4xplor.com is a website dedicated to my new 2007 jeep jk wrangler, my built up 2000 jeep tj wrangler sport, my former 1981 jeep cj7, my former 1994 jeep xj cherokee and all the wonderful 

              places they've taken me. truly more than just a vehicle, they're 

              a

              way of life.


              4x4xplor.com is a personal non-profit website and all information 

              found here has been made available to help other jeep owners around the 

              world.              i try to keep this website updated with useful jeep installation and maintenance write-ups 

               as often as i can so please check back on a regular basis.

























copyright© 

    wayalife, llc. - all rights reserved.




