











what's wrong? miss your wake-up call? - robert englund





































































 





 


skip to content















 


 










about robert
galleries
fans

tattoo
fan art & costumes
con photos
valentine contest


calendar
news
contact



shop













 











 




  

robert englund
i’m your boyfriend now!
artwork credit: kim hyo-sun





 
















valentine’s contest!
winner winner!






thank you all for entering the 2025 valentine’s contest. this year,  silly beat scary. vivien duval’s drawing of a dancing freddy-heart stole our hearts. it reminded robert of sponge bob square pants, one of his favorite cartoon characters.  as usual, we were blown away by the creativity and talent of the entrants. if you were among the first 100 to enter, your loser card will go out soon.

view contest page
















appearances









 





mad monster party
charlotte, ncfebruary 21-23, 2025






 





horrorfied
london, ukapril 19-20, 2025





 





the scandinavian sci-fi, game & film convention
malmö, swedenapril, 2025





 





niagara falls comic con
niagara falls, canadamay 30 – june 1, 2025







view all








 






 












my grateful and sincere thanks to the hollywood chamber of commerce, my agent toni benson and the gang at third hill entertainment, gabriella rice, wife of my late, great agent joe rice. a special thanks to screenwriter and dear friend rhet topham, who goes all the way back to my roger corman days. and kisses and hugs to my beautiful bride of 35 years, nancy. i am honored to be in such great company on the hollywood walk of fame class of 2025!

 





hollywood dreams & nightmares: the robert englund story streaming now on screambox.






 






 
















can’t make it to a convention? robert & nancy are here and can still love you…remotelygo through sign my stuff to get your cool collectibles signed.

sign my stuff!













you asked for it. have a burning question not covered in the faq? need the perfect gift for that baby sitter who turned you into a horror fanatic? or that older brother who secretly rented nightmare and let you watch? now you can send a greeting from robert himself.

visit cameo.com









 







welcome to my world, b****! – freddy krueger
no screaming while the bus is in motion!


enter your email here, if you dare!*

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ






about robert
englund has appeared in over 80 feature films, five tv series and countless hours of guest star roles. recent projects include the english thriller the last showing, nightworld, and the midnight man with lin shaye. he is busy with voice work including the evil beaver in teenage mutant ninja turtles cartoon show, jj villard’s fairy tales, and the scarecrow in the game injustice 2.




read more

















robert englund collectibles available in our shop















 
 




sign my stuff quick view 

















 
 




willie with glasses quick view 

















 
 




true terror portrait quick view 

















 
 




classic teeth quick view 

















 
 




gottlieb pinball translight quick view 

















 
 




simpsons freddy and jason quick view 



















        © 2025 robert englund
designed, hosted and maintained by luminys, inc. 









about robert
galleries
fans

tattoo
fan art & costumes
con photos
valentine contest


calendar
news
contact



shop






 




login


username or email address *required
 

password *required




 remember me

 log in


lost your password?

























































