


laura's minimalist home page








laura's minimalist
home page


i have been trying to get around to
re-designing my website for years.  it was outdated and
inaccurate.  i still haven't done it, so created this for the
meantime.  if you want the original page, circa 1994, it's still here. 

here's the short list of things which
have changed since 1997:


march 2008:  i started the marshall protocol in january
and it
is working.  it will be a couple of years before i am completely
well, but i hope to be feeling better within a year

september 2007: it's been a hard year, but i am looking for
a doctor who will try an experimental drug therapy to cure my chronic
fatigue. i did nothing this summer. this fall i am working on a concert
with the st. jude chorale at the cathedral-basilica october 7th. i will
be singing two solos: one is the soprano part in the trio in biebl's ave
maria, and the other is the soprano solo in the franck panis
angelicus, scored for soprano, violin, chorus, and organ. it will
be a wonderful concert, all in latin with music from the renaissance to
the 21st century. my music is pretty much the only thing i have left
right now, and people whom i respect have told me that my voice has
grown significantly in the past couple of years (since i had
hypnotherapy to get rid of my stage fright). i am really excited about
the concert. and in december i am singing in a performance of the
christmas parts of messiah, which work i love dearly and have
sung many times. we hope to make it a tradition and i will audition for
some solos as soon as they decide to let us amateurs have a crack at
it, hopefully next year.

october 2006:  i have had a rough year and haven't
practiced since june of 2005.  i had a bad relapse of chronic
fatigue, followed by hurricane rita, and i'm only just now emerging
from another relapse of chronic fatigue in summer 2006.  
trying to keep busy with things like the beaumont interfaith
choral society (performing mozart's requiem in november 2006), my
church choir (the st
jude chorale), and the diocesan choir at our new basilica
during our jubilee year. 
(no symphony
of southeast texas chorus this year due to ongoing rita repairs to
the julie
rogers theatre.)  i am writing and studying in an effort to
corral my creative drive into
something useful (and hopefully remunerative).   i am also
still hoping (i always hope) to begin practicing law again part-time
soon.  but i am still too tired to do a major update to my
website.   

july 2004:   i
am practicing
law in beaumont now with the firm of
lindsay & morgan, p.l.l.c.  i was promoted to associate of the
firm in july 2004.  (no, they don't have a website.  i am
working on them.)  need any legal work done in east texas?  email me!  we do a bit of
everything.  i have the best bosses in the world.
i was admitted to practice in the
eastern district of texas (federal court) in august 2004, but haven't
been sworn in yet.
i'm feeling much better, thanks in
large part to massage therapy, acupuncture, and chiropractic
adjustments, not necessarily in that order. (august 2004)
i was sworn in to the texas bar on 11
september 2000.
i've been
living with my parents in sour lake, texas,
since december of 1997.
that's
because i became ill in september of 1997 and couldn't get
better.  i am much better now, but still not back at 100%, and
don't know if i ever will be.  it is chronic fatigue. 
basically it was a relapse of mono which lasted for a year or so,
combined with chronic low adrenal (adrenaline) function.  (you
know that feeling you get after an adrenaline rush, when you suddenly
relax and feel drained?  i felt like that all the time.)
i continue to feel better all the
time, almost "normal!"   almost like what i felt like before i got
sick!!  (june 2004)
i am not planning to go back to
chicago.  i will probably not leave texas again, since almost all
of my family is here.
i started an mls (to be a
librarian) in summer 2001 at unt
but decided not to pursue it.
i am playing the piano again and
singing better than i ever have. (june 2004)


the short list of
things which haven't changed, or haven't changed much:


i am actively
researching the english regency period (1811-1820), though i haven't
done much ocring of my unique out-of-copyright sources for the regency library
lately.  
i am focusing my research on the life
of sarah, lady jersey (1785-1867).  i would like to write a
biography of her someday.
my titles
site remains a well-used resource.  i hope to get around to
updating it soon.
ditto the regency
food page.
i am still pursuing the study of
music, particularly choral singing, and have been active in my church
choir, lamar
choirs, and chorale and chorus of the symphony
of southeast texas as my energy level permits.  
i am still actively pursuing
genealogical research, and i still use tmg.
i am still working on a novel.
i still follow the carbohydrate addict's diet,
which i started in december 1995.
i still have the ghia
(picture from february 1992, new
orleans).
i still love star trek
and babylon 5,
even
in reruns.
i am still frequently tired, but not
as tired as i was!


if you're an old
friend who's lost touch, i'd love to hear from you.  if you're an
old enough friend, you might enjoy taking a look at a little site i
have featuring la porte elementary
school class pictures
from the period 1975-1981!
l.a.w. 




 

statcounter
started 13 september 2007






