






 fortwayne.com
























 





































 







×

readers’ choice voting
readers’ choice winners 2023
arts & culture
eat & drink
good reads
people
things to do
obituaries

search obituaries
place an obituary


subscriptions
fort wayne magazine newsstands
advertise
contact us
celebrations



































restaurants
all events
place an obituary
jobs
subscriptions
advertise
contact us
readers’ choice winners 2024
2025 bridal extravaganza
 

























  good reads






fort wayne magazine february 2025
eating out is supposed to be pleasurable. and sometimes, given the hecticness of our lives, it’s unavoidable. because of multiple national… 



  eat & drink






our daily bread
in our february issue, we addressed the topic of cheap eats, which is a more complicated matter than one might initially assume, and which requires the sort…




  weddings






fort wayne magazine weddings 2025
brides- and grooms-to-be, not to mention singles who are favorably predisposed to marriage and people who are favorably predisposed…



  just a thought






point of views
when i was a kid, i was obsessed with movies and movie reviewers. i watched siskel & ebert on pbs and read the work of critic jeff…




  arts & culture






fudge!
one part of the mythos of “a christmas story” is its lack of initial success. the movie was no blockbuster or barnburner when it was released…



  shop talk






feather your nest
enhance the character of your home and personalize your spaces by choosing small and local shops for furniture and home accents. embrace the quality and individuality…




  city guide






fwm city guide 2024
fort wayne magazine’s city guide just hits different. i have no idea what that means, but it sounds cool. city guide is our annual look at everything going on in…



  be well






fort wayne magazine health 2023
for our annual health issue, we put the focus on mental health. according to federal data, nearly one in eight adults in the u.s. takes an antidepressant and…




  things to do






concert on the farm
august 25: it is shaping up to be fort wayne’s version of woodstock. with better sanitation and a lower tolerance for mud, of course. it’s concert on…



  people






q & a with john christensen
there are not many times i have to answer the questions instead of ask them, but fort wayne director of public information, john perlich, made it super…




  delve deeper






todd is the answer
if you are a fan of 1970s rock, you may know todd rundgren from such hits as “hello, it’s me,” “we gotta get you a woman,” “can we still be friends?” and “i saw the light.”



  places






rail ways
people used to view fort wayne’s three rivers as flood hazards and little more than large drainage ditches. forward-thinking and cleanup have transformed…














 

featured events







16
                            feb                        
2025 bridal extravaganza

sunday 

event detail





        no event found!    

view all events





find more here...

eat & drink
arts & culture
weddings
people
 






 



 













fort wayne.com | all rights reserved

























