



	investor dictionary - the online financial dictionary for investors




























sign up
submit
login









  search














toggle navigation

















  search






dictionary
browse by subject
articles
questions

sign up
log in

submit & contribute












  home
dictionary
browse by subject
articles
questions























term of the day
income beneficiary
a person designated to receive income from a trust during the term of the trust.







	
            search for terms:  
             








etfs vs. mutual funds... what's a better investment?



a mutual fund is an open-end fund operated by an investment company that raises money from people and invests it in stocks, bonds, money market instruments or other assets. each investor in the fund owns shares that represent a part of these holdings....  more »











investing in dividend stocks for long-term returns
healthy investor-friendly corporations that earn a profit pay out a percentage of their earnings to their shareholders as dividends thus ensuring a source of continuous passive income stream for them. due to the recent financial crisis, many people are...  more »










10 tricks to lowering your taxes
there are numerous options to defer income or accelerate deductions, you will definitely find the ones you are eligible to in our list: you can lower your adjusted gross income through tax deductions for education expenses up to $4,000 per year. for...  more »










most important economic indicators
these indicators are important to investors when defining their strategy and making their decisions. below you can find a list of major economic indicators: beige book the book is a summary of current economic conditions in each of the federal reserve...  more »










what to look for when buying stocks
the stock market may look a bit scary because you may fear losing your money. investment risk can be lowered by knowledge. a beginning investor has to read a lot about finance, accounting, financial statements, the stock market and the companies traded...  more »










ways to diversify your investment portfolio
diversification is a general technique for reducing risk of investment. each risk-averse investor needs to diversify to some extent in order to minimize the volatility in their portfolio. volatility is limited by the fact that not all assets move up and...  more »










how to recession proof your portfolio
recession fears have sent the major stock market indices into a downward spiral again. the economy suffered the mortgage crisis and credit problems recently, and now there is a lot of talk about another recession. this brings new challenges and new...  more »









recently added


retail sales index



underwater mortgage



underlying profit



underlying security



term sheet



unit cost



termination date



tequila effect



technical correction



tear sheets



tax-deductible



taxable estate



tax tables



tax holiday



tax free









most popular





1. 


dollar voting









2. 


inverse order of maturity









3. 


core (economics)









4. 


after the bell









5. 


hard right edge









6. 


earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (ebitda)









7. 


deadweight loss









8. 


algorithmic trading









9. 


expiration date









10. 


resting order









11. 


scenario analysis









12. 


product (business)









13. 


communism









14. 


return on capital









15. 


planned economy


















ask a question
















home
                        
                         | 
                        
                        about
                        
                         | 
                        
                        contact
                        
                         | 
                        
                        sitemap
                        
                         | 
                        
                        privacy
                        
                         | 
                        
                        terms of use

copyright © 2025 investordictionary.com  all rights reserved.


























