

international calling plans long distance phone service rechargeable calling cards international callback


































home





u.s. long distance service





international long distance





calling from outside the usa





billed & prepaid phone cards





prepaid long distance 





unlimited calling plans





internet phone service





local phone service





dial around services





call back services





canadian long distance





cell phone plans





conference calling





business phone service





t1 voice and data lines





toll-free number services





internet access





wi-fi services





satellite systems





web services





travel services





helpful info & resources





hawaiian residents: click here for long distance plans available in hawaii!



















getting the cheapest long distance phone rates won't always save you the most money!


compare u.s. long distance phone service, international calling 
        plans and u.s. & international calling cards (including rechargeable prepaid 
        phone cards) and start saving today! we also offer local phone 
        service bundled with unlimited long distance calling, discount conference 
        calling, u.s. and international cell phone services, international callback, 
        international long distance plans, unlimited voip phone service, toll 
        free 800 phone numbers, cheap dial-up internet service, high speed dsl, 
        satellite tv deals and much more!


 
saving money on your phone bill is not as easy as many people are led to believe. gimmicks, hidden fees, and surcharges often cloud the truth behind advertised rates.



we have carefully researched many phone plans and other telecommunications and technology-based services and have gathered together the best on this website. simplicity and straightforward pricing plans are what you will find here at all world phone.


we especially encourage businesses to participate in the savings found here. the easiest way to improve the profitability of your business is to reduce overhead costs; such as long distance and other phone expenses.








bookmark this page and return often because we are constantly adding new services and products at deeply discounted rates.












u.s. long distance phone plans

 we represent only the best long distance carriers. 
                  each company has demonstrated the ability to offer our customers 
                  a great rate as well as world-class customer service. our free 
                  long distance service comparisons will help you find 
                  the best calling plan for your phone service needs. can't decide 
                  which plan you like the best? use our long 
                  distance rate calculator to find out which carrier 
                  can save you the most money.

also be sure to see if you qualify for one of our local phone service plans, many of which are bundled with unlimited long distance service.






  prepaid 
                  long distance (available to callers in the usa)


 experience the prepaid 
                  long distance service that was created in the best interest 
                  of the consumer! prepaid long distance can be used from 
                  any usa telephone (including your cell phone) with no 
                  need to switch phone companies, no need to remember and 
                  dial pin numbers and with none of the extra hidden fees associated 
                  with most phone cards. our prepaid long distance service 
                  costs only 1.9¢ to 2.9¢ per minute to anywhere in 
                  the us and canada. do you want to save on international 
                  calls? you'll have access to some of the cheapest international 
                  rates in the industry - under 10¢ a minute to 200 different 
                  countries!





international long distance plans


 do you want to relax while making international long distance calls and not have to worry about the bill? we offer super low international long distance rates - 24/7!








local telephone service



 take advantage of reliable low-cost alternatives to your 
                  local phone company. get the same (or better) feature-rich telephone 
                  service while enjoying unlimited 
                  long distance service! do you only call a handful 
                  of people? then check out our bundled plans with free 
                  member-to-member calling which, in many cases, 
                  can save you even more money!




  canada long 
                  distance phone service


cheap 
                  long distance in canada is now available and canadian 
                  residents can save more than 70% off the domestic and international 
                  long distance rates charged by telus and bell canada. discount 
                  calling cards and other phone services are also available.







international calling plans (global origination)



you don't have to be in the united states 
                  or canada in order to take advantage of low international phone 
                  rates. we've found several international calling plans with 
                  low international long distance rates for calls from 
                  almost anywhere in the world! 







phone cards




u.s. and international calling cards offer a great way to lower your phone expenses! with our quality selection you are sure to find the cheapest rates for a domestic or international calling card that matches your calling requirements! we offer a variety features and payment options (both prepaid and post-paid cards... including instant access rechargeable prepaid calling cards!) we invite you to compare our various phone card options and get the plan that's right for you. holiday or business travelers, flight crews, students, military, international travelers and just about anyone making telephone calls from the road will save money by carrying one of our discount phone cards.








10-10 numbers and "portable" dial-around phone services




get cheaper in-state and cheaper international phone rates without switching your long distance provider!








international callback services




making calls from outside u.s. borders? are you tired of getting gouged with the artificially high international long distance rates that foreign carriers charge? we have a solution for you: international callback service! international call back service provides you with access to low u.s. international long distance rates on your calls placed from outside the u.s. - thus avoiding artificially inflated phone rates due to foreign monopoly and/or taxation.






 voip phone service


if you have access to a broadband internet connection, you can get a telephone number in virtually any area code of your choosing and make and receive calls from anywhere in the world to anywhere in the world for one flat monthly fee.



 


cellular / wireless phone services




get the best cellular plan for your needs at the lowest prices available! all world phone is proud to do business with the leading u.s and international wireless companies all of whom have agreed to lower their rates for visitors of this web site. compare cell phone plans offered by at&t wireless, verizon, sprint pcs, voicestream (t-mobile), cricket, cingular, orange and others and start saving today!








conference calling services




conference calling services designed for business and personal or family use. our phone and web conference services are extremely user friendly, reliable and affordable!








business long distance service and dedicated t1 lines




compare business long distance plans. we offer distinct calling plans which are customized for small, medium and large volume phone use. our u.s. and international long distance rates are among the lowest in the industry! we also offer dedicated t1 service. t1 service is often an ideal solution if your company has multiple offices or locations which need to send vital data back and forth to one another. compare our business phone service rates with what your present provider charges. you'll be glad you did! 








toll free phone number services




a toll-free number (also referred to as an "800 number") is a service where the party receiving the call pays for the call, rather than the caller. this is a cost effective alternative to calling cards or calling collect. currently, any phone number beginning with 800, 888, 877 or 866 is a toll free number. one particularly useful toll-free service is the kall8 "follow-me" toll-free service.








dial-up internet + high speed dsl service providers




get dial-up internet access today for 50% less than the "big guys" are charging - without annoying pop-up ads or hassles. if you truly want the most out of your internet experience, then you'll want to look into high speed cable internet, dsl service and satellite internet services!












home | u.s. long distance service | local phone service providers | international long distance from the u.s.a. | international calling from around the world | phone cards | dial around services | international call back services | 1010 numbers | unlimited long distance service | internet phone service |  cell phone plans | conference calling | business long distance service | dedicated t1 service | toll-free number services | dial-up internet access and dsl service | web services | travel services | helpful news and information



e-mail: care@allworldphone.com

© 2002-2015 allworldphone.com - all rights reserved



 


about us|privacy|terms and conditions




get international currency exchange rates with this currency 
                    converter!



 

 










