
































	massachusetts medical society home


















log in
join now
mms careers





menu











home
advocacy
grassroots action center
key issues
state advocacy
federal advocacy
coalitions


news
mms in the news
press releases
mms landmark accomplishments
mms positions on health care issues


publications
vital signs - mms publication
mms free e-newsletters
research, studies, and reports
nejm group journals


education
interim meeting educational programs
online cme
my cme credits
mms events calendar
live cme events
cme faqs
joint providership
cme accreditation for institutions
professional learning


governance
mms officers
committees, task forces and sections
house of delegates
board of trustees
districts & regions
leadership meetings & deadlines
ma delegation to the ama
governance reform
policies, procedures & bylaws
mms awards program
social media for physicians


membership
membership in the mms
member benefits
membership dues
group enrollment
physicians
residents and fellows
medical students
corporate partnership program
get involved


practice support
practice management
surprise billing and patient notice
telehealth and virtual care
legal and regulatory
employed physicians
physician wellness
personal and financial resources


patient care
find a physician
health topics
rx savings card


about
mms leadership
mission and vision
mms strategic plan
mms careers
affiliates and subsidiaries
specialty management services
advertise with the mms
contact us


join/renew
mms careers
call us at 800-322-2303
directions







registration is opennominate a colleague todayget startedlearn more







with 24,000 members, the massachusetts medical society (mms) is the commonwealth’s largest physician-led organization and a leading voice in health care policy, public health, and clinical medical education.



mms events calendar
the massachusetts medical society offers a variety of opportunities for networking and engagement to ensure that physicians remain connected, educated, and informed. view our calendar of activities here.
    


subscribe to free mms e-newsletters
 stay informed with our timely, expert-curated newsletters highlighting cme, public heath updates, and newsworthy events for busy physicians like you.



massachusetts medical society advocacy
the mms provides patient-centered physician advocacy in the state house, congress, and in courts on a range of critical issues affecting the practice of medicine and patients’ access to care. 



new member benefits

the mms corporate partnership program provides beneficial resources and quality vendors to assist members, such as:

new! salary data and contract review services – secure your future with expert employment contract review and legal support from trusted mms corporate partners.
        mms members receive preferred pricing.
tjb consulting offers expert integration of emr and revenue cycle management systems to enhances the clinical efficiency and financial performance of medical practices through tailored solutions.
sinopia.ai can increase patient traffic, digital visibility, and market share with host of digital marketing services. mms members receive preferred pricing.
gw&k investment management offers individually managed tax-sensitive portfolios to satisfy your objectives for risk tolerance, income, and capital appreciation.

learn more about membership and mms benefits.

recent news



massachusetts medical society announces policies on crisis pregnancy centers, medical leave, and resilience of the health care medical supply chain - december 11, 2024


dr. lucy m. candib named massachusetts medical society senior volunteer physician of the year - november 20, 2024


massachusetts medical society opposes psychedelics proposal - october 18, 2024




state house news service: regulators examine health care administrative costs
january 9, 2025 – mms immediate past president dr. barbara spivak, an internist associated with beth israel lahey health, said hospitals can get backed up due to administrative issues with health plans. spivak said she recently  had a patient who took three weeks to get prior authorization on a drug that she recommended, because it was denied the first time and her patient had to file an appeal. 


boston globe: massachusetts ballot questions 2024: question 4 on the legalization of psychedelics
october 18, 2024 – the mms has not taken a position on the ballot question but said in march testimony that it opposes creating a system that “characterizes psychedelic therapy as evidence-based when the safety and efficacy
    of these agents have not been fully” approved by the fda.


boston globe: new weight loss drugs raise questions of access, costs
october 18, 2024 – mms president dr. hugh taylor said for many people, preventative measures like diet and exercise are insufficient. “glp drugs are remarkably effective, in many cases as effective as surgery,” taylor said.





























quick links


renew or join


e-newsletter subscriptions


advocacy priorities


practice resource center





cme resources


subscribe to the mms continuing education update


physician licensure in ma


cme faqs


mms joint provider overview









subsidiaries & affiliates
nejm group
physician health services
charitable foundation
physicians insurance agency of massachusetts
mms 
 alliance


tools
mms 
connect
subscribe 
to e-newsletters
rx savings card
site  
map


find us
directions
contact us


notices
advertise with mms
privacy  policy
copyright  policy
hardware & software requirements
help &   frequently asked questions



        copyright © 2024.  massachusetts medical society, 860 winter street, waltham woods corporate center, waltham, ma 02451-1411
(781) 893-4610 | general support: (617) 841-2925 or support@mms.org














