


cave junction, oregon community information



























































































































































 































































              			                                   
                     google site search








enter your search terms

submit search form



 





web


www.cavejunction.com











close
































































































                  today is
                  
                  pdt
                  


ave junction is a small town. it is the gateway to the
                  oregon caves national monument
                  and the commercial, service, and cultural center for a rural community
                  of small farms, woodlots, crafts people, and families just living apart
                  from the crowds. the valley we live in is in the basin of the illinois river valley and its
                  tributaries. it is nestled in the mountains known as the siskiyous in the klamath range at an elevation of about 1329 ft. we are
                  directly west of the medford/ashland metro area and about half way between grants pass and the oregon coast on highway 199.  
                  it's a place where going into the market can take time because people talk in
                  the aisles and at the checkstands. life is slower, so you have to be patient. you'll be part of
                  that slowness because it is enjoyable to be neighborly. many people here volunteer their time
                  with the schools, public councils and committees, and civic organizations because it makes us
                  feel good about ourselves and our community. there are approximately 17,000 people living in the illinois valley.                  
                  
the average temperature in january is 33f and in july 90f and rainfall amounts to about 
                  61 inches a year. the sun shines 196 days and it rains 108 days on average. the illinois valley 
                  is frequently referred to as the "banana belt" of oregon. it is fast 
                  becoming a favorite year-round vacation land. here you can enjoy the 
                  spectacular beauty of the many rivers, streams, and public forest lands available for hiking, backpacking, fishing and hunting. 
                  this picturesque valley lies halfway between grants pass and crescent city, making it a pleasant hour drive to the famous rogue river
                  or the rugged oregon coast. the central location makes it an ideal place to live and a naturally peaceful place to visit.                                   
                  

                  there is a considerable amount of information on the illinois river valley available 
                  at this website, but if you can't find what you are looking for contact the chamber of 
                  commerce at the address or telephone number listed below. for information about tourist attractions
                  in the illinois valley please visit the tourism page.
                  


illinois valley community development organization


 


for further information:
                  write, call or visit the chamber of commerce website.
                  
illinois valley chamber of commercep.o. box 312cave junction, oregon 97523(541) 592-3326                
                  
http://illinoisvalleychamber.wordpress.com/






weather forecast











 
                              
                  

                                    
                  illinois valley business & services directory





                  
                  add your local business to the directory and get some global exposure! anyone with a locally based business
                  is welcome to list it. now you can manage your own listing and make changes or remove it at your convenience.
                  it's easy and it's free! all submissions are promptly reviewed.     
                  




                  illinois valley community forum



                   
                  

                  
                  the forum is a place to announce community events or discuss local issues, current events, 
                  or connect with alumni or maybe just have a friendly chat.                   
                  



calendar of local events

on-line e-mail address book

illinois valley ( and surrounding area ) pictures

sign or view the guest book

tourism information and map







                 latest road conditions
loading...

some useful links . . .
illinois valley daily view
road & weather info
josephine county sheriff
illinois valley fire district
i.v.c.d.o.
i.v. safe house alliance
josephine county government
southern oregon guild
movie theaters
consumer & business services
netcheck commerce bureau
price watch (computer parts)
findlaw.com (legal information)
carlos restaurante
more links ...






 how bad is the economy on a scale of 1 to 5, 5 being the worst?   (  surveys)
 effect of gas prices on driving   (  polls)




791,948

visitors since november 21, 1997. 
  









 area information 
| lodging 
| maps 
| recreation 
| business services 
| local pictures 
| brief history 
| summer tours 
 points of interest 
| real estate 
| email directory 
| local links 
| classified ads 
| calendar 
| guestbook 




©2025 cavejunction.com, all rights reserved.




contact cavejunction.com










