

  








mendham township, nj |














































skip to main content









home

facebook twitter instagram

 


 





            keywords          







 




 notify me  contact us
 



about








        welcome to mendham township      

since its founding in 1749, families have been living, playing and working in the scenic rolling hills of mendham township. the community combines a cozy, small-town lifestyle with nationally ranked schools and easy access to urban spaces. with almost 6,000 residents, the township is home to families and retirees who enjoy natural areas of open space, parks, streams and playgrounds, and annual events that date back decades. there are distinct neighborhoods with single-family homes on quiet, tree-lined cul-de-sacs, and a convenient central shopping district in mendham borough. 









 communityparksschoolshistory 





 learn more 








government







        government      

township committeeboards, committees & commissions 







 bids & rfpsemployment 







 meeting minutes & agendasmunicipal ordinances 





 learn more 







departments







        departments      

administratorconstruction departmentdepartment of public worksengineering 







 finance departmentfire departmentfirst aid squadhealth department 







 municipal courtplanning & zoningpolice departmentrecreation department 







 tax assessortax departmenttownship clerk 





 all departments 







community resources







        community resources      

affordable housing assistancebacker farmboard of educationemergency serviceshelpful links 







 local schoolsmaster planmendham township librarynew resident information 







 project lifesaversenior servicesstigma-free initiativevolunteer 





 learn more 







how do i...?







        how do i find...      

agendas & minutesannouncements & newscalendar of events 







 directory listingforms & applicationsfrequently asked questions 







 submit a commentsubscribe to notificationstown hall construction project 





 all topics: a-z 







 








 

 

 

 

 



 










 municipal offices closed on monday, february 17, 2025. recycling will be collected 
 read more »  

 











forms & documents
minutes & agendas
report a concern
subscribe
tax payments
contacts directory
trail concerns









news and notices



 strong winds this afternoon into tomorrow  » 
        we are expecting strong winds in our area this afternoon into tomorrow.  the gusts, expected to be between 45 mph - 60...   

 red cross is hosting a blood drive in mendham township, february 19, 2025, noon - 5:00pm » 
        the red cross is hosting a blood drive at the brookside community club, 1 east main street on wednesday, february 19,...   

 mendham township municipal offices closed on monday, february 17, 2025. recycling will be collected » 
        mendham township municipal offices will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025 in observance of president's day. all...   




view all news
 







upcoming events



 
feb
18


finance committee
7:00pm
  

 
feb
19


planning board
7:00pm
  

 
feb
24


finance committee
6:00pm
  

 
feb
24


township committee
7:30pm
  




view full calendar

 






from the beginning, mendham township has been forward-thinking in preserving the environment,creating a strong sense of community and supporting excellence in education. mendham township, ahead of its time, since 1749.  


 

 






discover mendham township
a community with roots dating back to 1749, yet always keeping ahead of its time with each new generation. featuring award-winning schools, a small-town sense of community and acres of natural, open space and parks for leisure, mendham township is a great place for families and retirees alike!



community
parks
schools

 






mendham township2 west main st, p.o. box 520brookside, nj 07926973-543-4555 

hoursmonday-friday: 8:30am-4:00pm  

 directory
 

website disclaimergovernment websites by civicplus®
login 











