





unbuilding the grace and pearman bridges











unbuilding the grace and pearman bridges


for sparky and myself,
curiosity drives passion which in turn fuels our life's engine.
our passion was capturing the story of both unbuilding the grace  (1929 - 2007)
and pearman  (1966 - 2007) bridges and discovering the unbuilders.
it takes a lot of passion to track a project from july 2005 until april 2007 -
rain, shine, hurricanes or moving to singapore.
we discovered the joy of discovery learning.
ken canty opened the front door for us - then steve testa, ponch
billingsley and mickey rogers opened many side doors.
below are the highlights
of what we discovered, who we met and what we learned.

            

and a reminder from t.s. eliot (east coker from the  four quartets)

home is where one starts from. as we grow older
the world becomes stranger, the pattern more complicated
of dead and living. not the intense moment
isolated, with no before and after,
but a lifetime burning in every moment
and not the lifetime of one man only
but of old stones that cannot be deciphered.






home
meeting st
east bay 
drum island
mt. pleasant
pearman stories
grace stories
implosions
enginnering insights
stories of unbuilders
learning links
bridge video
bridge blog
unbuilding archive
all unbuilding segments
building the ravenel bridge
photo essays
about me


 



 unbuilding highlights




 

from the ravenel bicycle lane



 

the beginning of unbuilding



 

an early bite of the bridge



 

getting started



 

between king street and meeting st



 

night work at i-26 exit 221 b



 

night work on the i-26 overpass



 

morning work - lifting girders with a mega-crane



 

lifting girders



 

sparky's photos:  progress between meeting and king



 

clash of the titans



 

jack foley: reflective sun glasses  make a difference



 

michael hebb (anniversary boy)



 

cutting through girders: nugget, a dentist in disguise



 

cutting the roadway into segments  with video



 

sharon stallings - boat driver



 

from scdot:  a view from above



 

neil myers night crew at work



 

dropping a pearman column  just like dropping a tree - almost



 

dropping the town creek segment of the pearman bridge



 

removing concrete griders over immigration drive



 

late night work: harvesting girders over east bay as seen from below and above



 

harvesting girders from the pearman: 50 tons at a time



 

reef transplantation: the testa-cashman surgical procedure



 

dropping the drum island cantilevered section of the pearman



 

innovation@work: removing roadway segments over concrete girders



 

loading  and sequencing d-25 with explosives



 

imploding pearman pier d-25



 

a gift from scdot - a view from above



 

dropping the town creek section of the grace bridge



 

dropping pearman piers m1-m5 with style



 

bob mccabe - never standing still



 

the all purpose richie



 

adventures with captain bill's jackup barge and mickey's drilling team



 

high flying with the iron workers



 

backing down the grace at 4am



 

scdot gives us a view from above



 

the end of grace: unpouring the last segment of the grace ramp



 

jim grier and his a team fells the last grace segment on drum island



 

history today - successful lowering of the pearman main span over the cooper river



 

the ironworkers proclaim that the cooper river is graceless



 

t-3 and frank say bye bye



 

from scdot:  a view from above



 

demolition dynamics: dropping the east pearman cantilever



 

jackie foley and michael hebb and how to fish for grace truss sections



 

charge placement on the grace structure



 

bye bye grace (mt. pleasant side)



 

the last grace blast and a tribute from the c-17s and f-15s



 

oscar and the team preparing for the last pearman blast



 

bye bye to the last pearman superstructure



 

preparing to unbuild p-11: a template + drilling + skill



 

from scdot, julie and randi - a history of the project from above



 

down memory lane between east bay and meeting st



 

abs university, prof. rogers and the chs bomb squad



 

my dad passed to us many gifts and now he has passed



 

part 1: chris, robbie, lewis and carlos - graceful acrobats @ work



 

part 2: raising the grace pier truss



 

part 3: unbuilding grace from her feet



 

the mt. pleasant pier resting on the pearman footings



 

sextet for stan, nugget, carlos, troy, manny and chris.



 

watch manny and the ironworkers unbuild a grace section



 

another face lift by manny, carlos and the team



 

a view of the grace skateboard ramp from above



 

unbuilding half the last superstructure



 

carlos, lewis, nugget, stan, robbie, randi, rick, manny, chris and a segment of project runway



 

the last of grace to come down



 

near completion of the grace steel structures



 

scdot's aerial survey



 

wrapping t-1 for friday's implosion



 

mickey, ken and team loading t-1



 

t-1 is no more: mickey and ken at their best



 

gone is t-2, the last of the pearman support piers



 

nearing completion of the mt. pleasant pier



 

shelly pushes the button and gone is the t-2 foundation



 

bringing down the last grace pier



 

manny demonstrates the manny push strategy.



 

the last graceful blast from mickey, michael, ken and the entire unbuilding team



 

the clean up after ...



 

the last of manny.  what a man and what a smile - sigh



 

morning sun kisses the graceless and pearmanless ravenel bridge





2006 satellite image showing outlines of grace and pearman bridges



click pins to see stories  near that location









this work is licensed under a creative commons license.



c. frank starmer



_












