
















children's defense fund




























 























































skip to content







keyword search





submit search





            about us
            








about us


our leadership


organizational strategy


our founder


our history


board of directors


finances


faqs


 


            blog
          



            events
          


donate


 





children's defense fund




menu







          our work
          











                    building a movement for youth
                


alex haley farm


alumni network


black student leadership network


faith community organizing






                cdf freedom schools®
            


our history


our impact


sponsor a site


serve with us


centering youth agency





                policy and advocacy
            





children’s health and healing






early learning and development











education for civic life and work





family stability and economic mobility






just and caring communities









young people lead podcast








          cdf in the states
          








california


minnesota


new york


ohio


southern regional office


texas


 


          research and reports
          








cdf executive listening sessions


the state of america’s children® report


publications


 


          get involved
          








support our work


take action


 






keyword search





submit search





            about us
            








about us


our leadership


organizational strategy


our founder


our history


board of directors


finances


faqs


 


            blog
          



            events
          


donate


 











                
                children’s defense fund builds community so young people grow up with dignity, hope, and joy.

              


    donate
  



 






we envision a nation where marginalized children flourish, leaders prioritize their well-being, and communities wield the power to ensure they thrive.


    about us
  



 









take the pledge for child well-being
make your voice heard! because children and youth under 18 can't vote, they are relying on each of us to do our part and be their advocates. pledge to vote for child well-being this november. 

        learn more

        


 






young people lead podcast
the podcast aims to demonstrate how young people can and should lead by telling their stories of how youth are transforming policies for the better and examining research on the policies that most affect them. 

        learn more

        


 






cdf celebrates 50 years
children's defense fund's 2023 policy forum and celebration of joy at howard university, washington, d.c., marked our 50th and 30th anniversaries of cdf freedom schools®. this event, focusing on health, early childhood development, communities, economic mobility, and civic engagement, united various community members for two days of learning, networking, and growth.

        learn more

        


 


















recent news






                    teaching black history
                  

dr. carter g. woodson, “the father of black history,” was born in virginia in 1875 to parents who had both formerly been enslaved. when his family moved to huntington, west virginia, they were close to frederick douglass high school, one of the rare high schools open for black students, but he remained largely self-taught while working in the local coal mines to help support his family first.…

february 14, 2025





census


                    cdf-ohio finds some proposals in governor’s budget encouraging as data suggests almost 470,000 oh youth continue to struggle with poverty
                  

research suggests nearly half a million children in ohio continue to suffer from the devastating impacts of poverty. the findings, which come from children’s defense fund-ohio’s (cdf-ohio) 2024 kids count® data profiles, show it would be wise for ohio to adopt some of the youth-based budget proposals presented by governor mike dewine.…

february 10, 2025








                    black workers, black history
                  

every february, the association for the study of african american life and history (asalh), the organization established in 1915 by “the founder of black history” dr. carter g. woodson, designates a theme for the observance of black history month.…

february 7, 2025





child health


                    cdf urges senate to reject rfk jr. nomination to lead u.s. dept. of health and human services
                  

the national youth advocacy organization children’s defense fund urges the united states senate to reject robert f. kennedy jr.’s nomination to become the secretary of the u.s. department of health and human services.…

february 5, 2025







              see all
            



















enroll your scholar
find a cdf freedom schools® site
  at cdf freedom schools, we’re not just educating. we’re nurturing lifelong learners and advocates for progress. we’re sculpting a brighter tomorrow where we celebrate every young person’s potential, and affirming their impact on the world is profound. find a cdf freedom schools site near you.


    find a site
  


























subscribe to “for our children”
sign up to receive the weekly column by rev. dr. starsky wilson.

      subscribe
      







for our children
cdf’s president and ceo, rev. dr. starsky wilson, shares insights, challenges, and hopes for the future in “for our children.”cdf’s president and ceo, rev. dr. starsky wilson, offers a personal perspective on challenges, victories, and the path ahead in “for our children.” delve into a unique narrative that guides our mission, celebrates milestones, and navigates the journey toward a brighter tomorrow. explore now for an inside connection to our vision—where the story of our commitment to children and youth unfolds.

      read the latest
      







 








children's defense fund






facebook








twitter









instagram








youtube











                  cdf freedom schools®
                



                  black student leadership network
                



                  cdf alumni network
                



                  haley farm
                



                  support our work
                



                  careers
                



                  our leadership
                



                  finances
                



                  press center
                



                  contact us
                



                  cdf web store
                










join our mailing list
join our powerful movement for youth. sign up for updates about how we work to fight for children and ways you can help.


name(required)


first



last

address(required)



zip code


phoneemail(required)

would you also like updates from your local office?


yes, please



no thanks
captcha







select the location near you to receive local updates.(required)

updates from cdf-california


updates from cdf-minnesota


updates from cdf-new york


updates from cdf-ohio


updates from cdf-southern regional office


updates from cdf-texas
select all
  


















children’s defense fund is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. our federal tax id number is 52-0895622 



                    terms
                  



                    privacy
                  











 




