


pittsburgh divorce attorneys | taybron law firm






























 
				close
			



 
				skip to content
			




				high contrast
			



 
				increase text size
			



 
				clear all
			






















blog






















home



our team






melissa c. (lewis) taybron

why we're different




family law






divorce

mediation

child support

child custody

adoption

individual rights




estate planning






living wills

power of attorney

probate estate administration




testimonials



pay here



contact us





blog














					contact us
				
(412) 231-9786


















						pittsburgh family law & divorce
					

						fighting for 
the rights of today's families
					

request a consultation
























































pittsburgh divorce lawyersexperienced divorce attorneys serving families in allegheny county, pa
whether you are going through a divorce, navigating the adoption process, negotiating child custody, or facing another challenging family law issue, it can be overwhelming to face these complex legal landscapes without an experienced advocate by your side. at taybron law firm, llc we understand how important it is for families to have legal support they can trust when going through difficult family law issues. our team is passionate about helping our clients navigate these challenges with dignity and compassion so that they can emerge on the other side ready to build a better future for their families. our family lawyers are proud to serve the pittsburgh community. contact us by filling out our online form or call us at (412) 231-9786 to schedule a confidential consultation with our pittsburgh divorce lawyers today.













our firm is here to protect your family

						types of cases we handle:
					









divorce









mediation









child custody









child support









spousal support









adoption









fathers' rights









mothers' rights





















“melissa was able to help”
- rhonda




“i not only recommend attorney melissa lewis, but i guarantee once you have used her service you will look no further. she responds in an extreme timely matter, is very knowledgeable, and an extremely trustworthy person.”
- maurice b.




“amazing”
- barbara








 / 








more testimonials







what you can expect from our dedicated pittsburgh divorce attorneys
our experienced family law and divorce attorneys are highly knowledgeable in all areas of family law including divorce, child custody and support, adoption, spousal support, prenuptial agreements, guardianship issues, and more. we provide personalized and effective representation to families in pittsburgh and throughout allegheny county. we strive to vigorously protect our client's rights and interests while helping our clients avoid the strain of an unnecessary and prolonged conflict when possible. our goal is to help our clients move forward with their lives in the best possible way, confident in knowing that their legal needs have been addressed with dedication and care. with over 30 years of combined experience handling complex family law issues in pennsylvania, taybron law firm, llc has gained a reputation as one of the most respected firms in pittsburgh.














when times are tough, family lawyers you can depend on

							learn more about our firm and why you should entrust our experienced legal team to handle your family law matters.
						










supporting active military and veterans

									offering free 30-minute consultations to active military and veterans.
								










experienced

more than 30 years of combined experience practicing family law in pennsylvania.











diverse

attorney melissa c. taybron is trained as a certified mediator.











complex cases

									experienced with high income, self employed professionals in complex support and equitable distribution cases.
								










strong support

									a team of senior attorneys, junior associates, paralegals and law school clerks for full legal support throughout the process.
								










notary services

we now offer mobile notary services per your request.












western pennsylvania family law attorneys

our pittsburgh divorce attorneys have represented over 2000 family law clients. we are proud to offer comprehensive and reliable legal advice tailored to the unique needs of each and every one of our clients. whether you're looking for a divorce attorney, child custody lawyer, or a knowledgeable attorney to help with another family law issue, taybron law firm, llc is here to provide experienced guidance and representation throughout the process. 



meet our team














melissa c. (lewis) taybron
attorney









how our firm can help you

our attorneys have over three decades of experience helping pittsburgh families with their legal needs, including:divorce: the process of ending a marriage can be stressful, especially for children. whether you and your spouse are hoping to divorce amicably or are concerned about a contentious battle, we have the resources and experience to stand by you during this difficult time.adoption: we understand the emotional investment families make when they are hoping to bring a child into their home. our attorneys have years of experience helping adoptive parents navigate through pennsylvania adoption laws, and will provide you with the legal guidance you need so that your family can grow in peace.child custody: negotiating child custody can be a daunting and devastating experience. we will work closely with you to ensure that your children’s best interests are taken into account as we develop a successful strategy. spousal support: negotiating alimony or spousal support can be complicated. our team will work with you to help ensure that an appropriate agreement is reached and your rights are properly protected. experienced legal support for pittsburgh familiesour pittsburgh divorce lawyers provide comprehensive legal representation for families in the pittsburgh area. we are experienced with handling complex family law cases, including high net worth cases, hidden assets, and complex child custody cases. no matter what kind of family law issue you are facing, the experienced attorneys at taybron law firm, llc are here to provide legal guidance and representation every step of the way.our lawyers care about our clients, and we want to give you the legal support you need to start the next chapter of your life. we will work closely with you to assess your situation on an individual basis so that we can develop a strategy tailored to your specific needs and goals. we have a long track record of successful outcomes for our clients and are committed to providing the highest quality legal representation. contact us today by calling (412) 231-9786 or fill out our online form to schedule a confidential consultation and learn more about how our pittsburgh divorce lawyers can help you build a better tomorrow for your family.




















request a consultation







first name


			            please enter your first name.
			        




last name


			            please enter your last name.
			        




phone


			            please enter your phone number.
			        

			            this isn't a valid phone number.
			        




email


						please enter your email address.
					

						this isn't a valid email address.
					




can we contact you by text?


yes
no



						please make a selection.
					




can we leave a voicemail on this phone number?


yes
no



						please make a selection.
					




best hours to reach you are...


							please enter a message.
						




are you a new client?


yes, i am a potential new client
no, i'm a current existing client
i'm neither.



						please make a selection.
					




how can we help you?


							please enter a message.
						










submit form

the information on this website is for general information purposes only. nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.











home

our team

testimonials

blog

pay here

contact us










(412) 231-9786




























allegheny county office (mailing address)
(412) 231-9786

									3399 churchview avenue
									pittsburgh, pa 15227
								
map & directions













						the information on this website is for general information purposes only.
							 nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual
							 case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt
							 or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
					
© 2025 all rights reserved.

site map
privacy policy



















