

































































pepperl+fuchs international. industrial sensors, factory automation, process automation, intrinsic safety, explosion protection




























































 begins with ...
 contains ...






















serviceline industrial sensors










serviceline explosion protection
































products



industrial sensors

proximity sensors
photoelectric sensors
industrial vision
ultrasonic sensors
radar sensors
wireless sensors
rotary encoders
positioning systems
inclination and acceleration sensors
vibration monitoring
industrial communication
identification systems
displays and signal processing
connectivity
accessories
software




explosion protection

intrinsic safety barriers
signal conditioners
fieldconnex ethernet-apl and fieldbus infrastructure
remote i/o systems
hart interface solutions
surge protection
intrinsically safe mobile devices
hmi systems
electrical explosion protection equipment
purge+pressurization systems
power supplies
level measurement
software





quick and easy
use our selection tool and quickly find the right product for your application.

 product selector






get prepared for the challenges of industry 4.0—with smart solutions from pepperl+fuchs.
get prepared for the challenges of industry 4.0—with smart solutions from pepperl+fuchs.










markets



industrial sensors

applications
machine + plant engineering
automotive industry
mobile equipment
renewable energy
material handling
print + paper industry
packaging industry
electronics industry
process equipment
entrance automation




explosion protection

applications
offshore+marine
oil+gas
chemical industry
pharmaceutics
power industries
water+waste water






services+support



customer service 

download literature
cybersecurity information and reporting
engineering data
training+seminars
download technical documentsview all subsidiaries+distributors
customized solutions




industrial sensors

structure of a pepperl+fuchs type code
press releasestechnologies




explosion protection

project management
control system solutions
service contracts for enterprise mobility
release notes for pepperl+fuchs thin client software
press releasestechnologies




contact us
careers






—the pepperl+fuchs magazine
about us
what's new?
blog
country select

english
deutsch
español
























































































ultrasound—but different.
                                    with its detached miniature ultrasonic transducers and a unique elliptical detection field, the usi®-industry enables reliable area monitoring at all times—even in confined installation conditions ... more













safety above all.
                                    interface technology for process industries: the pepperl+fuchs k-system portfolio offers components and systems with worldwide certifications for a wide range of applications … more













smart. wireless. autonomous.
                                    the new wilsen sensors offer a battery-powered industrial-grade iot sensor solution for intelligent valve position feedback and object presence detection ... more













shaping the future.
                                    the world’s first switch that brings ethernet into the field of process plants. discover the ethernet-apl rail field switch—the latest fieldconnex® innovation … more













powered with expertise
                                    from the cell to the module to the pack: pepperl+fuchs supports all process steps in automated battery manufacturing ... more

















industrial sensors

as a pioneer and innovator in the field of industrial sensors, we seamlessly integrate into your factory automation applications.










explosion protection

the explosion protection of your plant is our expertise—with reliable solutions and technologies for process automation.













                                quick and easy
                            

                                use our selection tool and quickly find the right product for your application.
                            


                                        product selector
                                








i want to




find a datasheet


find a manual


find an approval or certificate


subscribe to e-newsletters


check order status








directly to




download technical documents


individual device information


service contracts for enterprise mobility


software


subsidiaries+distributors






















pepperl+fuchs selilienthalstraße 20068307 mannheimgermany
info@de.pepperl-fuchs.com


 +49 621 776-0











homeindustrial sensorsexplosion protectionproductsmarketscontact us








about uswhistleblowing and complaints procedurecareerswhat's new?
amplify
select country








sitemap
legal noticedisclaimer
privacy policy






                    © 2025 all rights reserved.
                



pepperl+fuchs is a leading developer and manufacturer of electronic sensors and components for the global automation market. continuous innovation, enduring quality, and steady growth have been the foundation of our success for more than 70 years. pepperl+fuchs employs 6,300 people worldwide and has manufacturing facilities in germany, usa, singapore, hungary, indonesia and vietnam, most of them iso 9001 certified.












