

anointed christian links - each with a jar of anointing oil






































for god so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever shall believeth in him, should not perish but have everlasting life.
john 3:16 kjv


the anointed christian links (acl) site presents an alphabetical list of christian websites, each with a jar of anointing oil. many are resource sites which could give you weeks, or even months, of browsing.
it lists well over 2,500 non-commercial christian sites. each site was personally visited at the time of first listing and deemed, at that time, to conform to acl guidelines.
this site comprises this ‘home’ page, and 23 main alphabetically-listed pages:
anointed christian links – a
anointed christian links – b
anointed christian links – c1
anointed christian links – c2
anointed christian links – d
anointed christian links – e
anointed christian links – f
anointed christian links – g
anointed christian links – h
anointed christian links – i
anointed christian links – j
anointed christian links – k
anointed christian links – l
anointed christian links – m
anointed christian links – n
anointed christian links – o
anointed christian links – p
anointed christian links – q
anointed christian links – r
anointed christian links – s
anointed christian links – t1
anointed christian links – t2
anointed christian links – u to z
and five other pages:
contact acl
site submission information
site listing update
link to this site
reciprocal linking (a statement by acl editor, graham pockett)


you can access the main pages from the tabbed index which is on all pages. click on the “home” tab to return to this page. this is what the tabbed index looks like:
      alphabetical index to acl      




























you will also find a site search engine on each page. add the keyword(s) you want and click on the “search” button. the site search engine looks like this:



 





enter your search terms

submit search form

 

anointed christian links

web











i encourage browsing through these pages because often you will see a site description which appeals to you but which you might not have been looking for. that is the reason why this site is not presented in categories.

i cannot personally endorse any of the sites on this list and they are presented for your information only. however, all listed sites must believe in the nicene creed as the minimum tenet of faith. i consider all people who believe in the nicene creed to be my brothers and sisters in christ, irrespective of doctrinal differences. if they are not christian then i consider them my neighbor (matt 22:39). if you are unsure of the wording of the nicene creed there is a copy posted on the link request page.
please check out our attitude towards reciprocal linking here.
for information about the criteria for sites listed on these pages click here.
if you find any sites which are different from the site name or description please write to me immediately and i will rectify the error. sometimes domain names are sold on and the new content is now not correct (and sometimes very inappropriate!).

 

graham pockett, founder & editor
anointed christian links

acl's attitude towards reciprocal linking!

faith, the final frontier...
these are the voyages of the human race; whose continuing mission is to trust god in all areas and not waver, to seek out new insights from his word, and to boldly offer salvation to all who’ll listen.
paraphrase by graham pockett (with apologies to gene roddenberry)

(want to add “faith, the final frontier...” to your site? get the html code here).






 email a friend:





send this page to a friend!

 note: email addresses will only be used to send sitecontent to your friend. we do not collect them.





graham’s christian writing:
"graham pockett doesn't mince any words, but he writes with a kind heart. if you have questions about such things as "once saved, always saved", or why so many different ideas can come from the same scripture, or how much what we see and do affects us as spiritual beings, you'll find much to think about here."  from this christian life

download these articles:
grahamswriting.zip
the key to heaven  (an analogy about commitment)
i am a cynic; therefore i am a christian
evolution – a statistical question mark?
“once saved always saved” – a dangerous delusion?
who is my neighbor? – featuring "the parable of the good muslim"
bashing the bible – misusing & abusing scripture
two billion doctrines – the strange religion called christianity
does god ever change his mind? – calvin would turn in his grave!
new wine in an old skin – the problem of legalism in the church today
are you hard boiled, or soft & runny? – doctrines are like an egg shell
the bible is an "iffy" book – a look at the conditional promises of god
will the real jesus please stand up? – what did jesus really look like?
the truth will set you free! – the holy tarantula???
growing the seed of faith – so it doesn't wither and die
we don't see the clean, just the dirt – judgement and forgiveness
why i quote the niv bible – is it an heretical bible?
"omissions" from the niv bible – a look at 17 missing verses
do you believe in miracles? – you do when they happen to you!
“why didn’t god answer my prayer for a miracle?” – my response
christian concepts – the cavern of life  (an analogy)
christian concepts – the three crosses  (an analogy)
christian concepts – we are what we eat
christian concepts – when are we saved?  (an analogy)
christian concepts – when we are saved, part 1  ...part 2



[an error occurred while processing this directive]

 could this key save your life?click on it to find out.
(want to add the link above to your site? get the html code here).






delivers news, articles and commentaries relevant to christians of
all denominations across australia, new zealand and the world




© graham pockett
last updated: tuesday, june 18, 2024



  
















