



















homepage | yale research


























skip to main content















announcements


contact web editor


login via cas









search












conduct research


directory of cores


all offerings


learn more




find support


all resources


2025 federal transition


administration & collaboration


agreements & contracts


computing


faculty resources


funding opportunities


fundraising, awards, grants


policies & regulations


research development




learn more


research strategy


about the cores


centers & institutes


yale ventures




















homepage
understanding the world and shaping its future

through bold thinking, rigorous scholarship, and cross-cutting collaborations, yale scientific and technological research pushes the boundaries of knowledge to benefit people and our planet.







conduct scientific research
search for equipment and services.
search offerings




find support
access resources and information essential to scientific research.
find resources








building blocks for breakthroughs


from a(nalytical and stable isotopes) to z(ebrafish phenotyping), research at yale combines serious inquiry, deep expertise, and state-of-the-art technology.


about research at yale









go to the previous slide.
go to the next slide.










the "drumstick" of the leg is where fibular reduction among some dinosaurs tens of millions of years ago helped make it possible for peacocks to strut, penguins to waddle, and turkeys to trot.











yale’s research cores enable scientists across campus to interact, collaborate, and develop new applications that advance the university’s scientific mission.











at a series of autumn cores fairs, visitors learn how core facilities can help with their research. mass spectrometry and nuclear magnetic resonance (nmr) spectroscopy are among the offerings at west campus analytical core.  











eric paulson, phd, tunes the probe under a nuclear magnetic resonance (nmr) spectrometer, one of twelve at the chemical and biophysical instrumentation center (cbic). the center also houses instruments for mass spectrometry and x-rays.











a meissner corpuscle is a group of cells that acts as a touch detector. its 3d structure was revealed for the first time using enhanced focused ion-beam scanning electron microscopy (fib-sem). image credit: yury nikolaev, phd, a postdoctoral fellow in the slav bagriantsev lab.










evolutionary research relies on the cores. 


"the micro-ct scans we collected at the cbic core from yale peabody museum dinosaur fossils were essential for piecing together how the structure of the leg bones (and in turn, the potential motion of the knee) changed over dinosaurian evolutionary history."

armita r. manafzadeh, phd
gaylord donnelley postdoctoral environmental fellow & nsf postdoctoral research in biology fellow



related research cores

cbic







research cores make science easier, more fruitful, and more efficient.


“you’d be hard-pressed to find a high-profile experimental research paper from yale that hasn’t been touched by a core."

ben myers
co-director of research cores



related research cores

yale institute for nanoscience and quantum engineering (yinqe)
yale cryoem resource
keck microarray shared resource
yale analytical and stable isotope center (yasic)
west campus imaging core







characterizing and elucidating structures


“the wcac provides our research community here at yale access to high-level instrumentation, helping to forward discovery.”

terence wu
director



related research cores

west campus analytical core







a more collaborative approach


"one of the most enjoyable aspects of what we do is collaborate with the grad students and faculty to solve the problems they’re up against. it’s not just cranking out the data."

eric paulson, phd
director



related research cores

cbic







cutting-edge electron microscopy


“potentially, this research will inform the development of tactile sensors for next generation of prosthetics.” 

slav bagriantsev, phd
associate professor, cellular & molecular physiology at yale school of medicine



related research cores

fib-sem collaboration core (f-scc)

















by the numbers


yale takes a data-intensive approach to science and technology research, harnessing today's volume, speed, and availability of data to transform knowledge production.







research infrastructure



70+
  core science facilities


1,169
  specialized reference databases


10
  campus libraries 


15.9
  million volumes across yale's collections





empowering support





$1.326b+


in sci/tech r&d expenditures in fy23
herd report, 2023










#4


yale school of medicine was 4th in the nation for total national institutes of health funding in fy 2023.






organizational structures that support excellence
learn more about yale's scientific research strategy











newsmakers


yalenews
















jan 22, 2025


meet yale’s maestro of microed


                    a new technology upgrade brings microcrystal electron diffraction — which helps determine the atomic structure of small crystals — to the yale campus.
                  







oct 25, 2024


quantumct advances to the next stage of nsf competition

out of teams representing nearly every state and territory in the nation, quantumct is one of 71 teams chosen to proceed in the competition’s rigorous selection process.






oct 3, 2024


 molecular map shows the way towards better food choices

in a new study, yale researchers used mass spectrometry to examine how different molecules interact with bacteria found in the human gut — an important step towards personalized nutrition tailored to individual gut health needs.






oct 2, 2024


reshaping yale for a new wave of quantum physics, engineering, and materials

the upper science hill building complex will transform yale’s quantum and engineering programs with new research labs, convening space — and a geothermal plant.













announcements


all announcements




 





feb 3, 2025


federal government directives on grants


  a letter from the vice provost for research.









oct 24, 2024


nsf career training series – join us!


the series is designed to support early-career faculty in preparing competitive proposals for the nsf faculty early career development (career) program.







oct 22, 2024


welcoming ruth marinshaw as executive director of research computing technologies


john barden, vice president for information technology and campus services, and michael crair, vice provost for research, have announced the appointment of ruth marinshaw as executive director of research computing technologies at yale, effective november 13, 2024.























203-432-9838
✉️  vpr@yale.edup.o. box 208333, new haven ct 06520-8365




directory of cores
all resources
leadership







announcements


contact web editor


login via cas












copyright © 2025 yale university. all rights reserved.


accessibility at yale


















