









introduction - glacier bay sea kayaks









































(907) 697-2257   |   contact us












welcome

about us
glacier bay national park
environmental commitment
faqs
guest comments


backcountry rentals

rental times
equipment and rates
camper transportation
how to make a reservation
kayak trip reservation form


backcountry trip planning

gear list and packing

gear list
sample menus
packing tips


bear canisters
tides
planning details

nps permits
experience & trip planning
bear spray & fuel
communication devices
dry suits
pre-departure information




day trips

one day kayak adventures in glacier bay
day trip reservation form


guided backcountry trips

trip information
guided trips
guided backcountry trip reservation form


local info

getting here
gustavus
accommodations
related links


photo gallery

day tour photos
west & east arm photos
glacier bay videos























 










alaska’s best adventure – kayak glacier bay!













































glacier bay sea kayaks is an nps concession in glacier bay national park, alaska, that provides unguided backcountry kayak rentals for the independent kayaker, guided backcountry trips, and guided or unguided kayak day trips in bartlett cove.  we are a small, locally owned business located in gustavus, alaska, that has been helping experienced, independent campers plan their multi-day kayak trips in glacier bay since 1978.
experienced campers with a week or more can bring all their own food and equipment, rent kayaks, and enjoy a low-cost kayaking trip throughout the inlets and waterways of glacier bay. we can help you arrange any length trip you desire, though 5-10 days is the most common stay. we rent both double and single fiberglass sea touring kayaks, provide daily kayak instruction programs, arrange for transportation with the daily tour boat into the backcountry, and make air taxi and lodging reservations.
our guided trips and citizen science backcountry kayak trips are tailored to the same independent camper willing to bring along their own camping gear, but with the added benefit of a more informative tour with an experienced naturalist and kayak guide at less cost than a fully outfitted tour.
for visitors staying at a local inn, lodge or bed & breakfast, we offer completely outfitted unguided (rentals) or guided day kayak adventures with full instruction. day trips take place in the lower part of the bay’s bartlett cove. in this rainforest environment, you will paddle intimate, protected waterways and explore intertidal zones while viewing an abundance of wildlife.
 



day trips
join us for a day of wildlife viewing in the protected waters of bartlett cove, headquarters for glacier bay national park.

more info

backcountry rentals
experienced campers can rent kayaks for a low cost independent kayak adventure in glacier bay national park.

more info

backcountry trip planning
start here for important information to plan your glacier bay kayak trip.

more info

guided backcountry trips
a step up from backcountry rentals but not a fully outfitted tour, these trips include a knowledgeable glacier bay guide for a more informative experience. 

more info





about us
glacier bay sea kayaks is owned and operated by long-time alaskans, bonnie & hayden kaden, kara berg, and leah okin.  we have felt very fortunate to live the alaska life, building homes and businesses, raising children, growing gardens, and benefiting from the rich bounty that the land and ocean of southeast alaska provides.
giving back
care and concern for our environment instills in us a strong commitment to give back in order to ensure our land and water provide for future generations. gbsk contributes one dollar per day of your trip with us to the southeast alaska conservation council (seacc), our local conservation organization. read more about what seacc does and consider joining us in supporting them!











 




1,000 places to see before you die
gustavus visitors association 
juneau convention & visitors bureau
recommended by frommer’s travel guides
nps authorized concessioner 
certified for sustainable practices by adventure green alaska 
seacc southeast alaska conservation council 




 







backcountry rentals 
camper transportation
rental times
equipment & rates
reservation form


backcountry trip planning 
gear list & packing
bear canisters
tides
planning details


day trips 
one day kayak adventure
reservation form


glacier bay sea kayaks © 2023 in gustavus, alaska
gateway to glacier bay national park
phone: (907) 697-2257
email: info@glacierbayseakayaks.com

 






facebook




instagram







glacier bay sea kayaks is an authorized national park service concession in glacier bay national park and preserve. 





























