









new england brickmaster & exteriors - brickface, stoneface, split rib block, and stucco company in massachusetts































































skip to content



(888) 632-7425about usour warrantyclick to see menuhomebrickfacestuccostonefacesplit rib blockgalleryresidential gallerycommercial gallerycontact us1-800-696-8934touch for menuhomebrickfacestuccostonefacesplit rib blockgalleryresidential gallerycommercial gallerycontact us
 





homesuper-dev2024-09-27t09:54:27-04:00 
transform your home or businessstylish, durable brickface, stucco & stoneface exteriors from new england brickmaster & exteriors.call (888) 632-7425sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.enhance the appearance of your home or businesshomeowners, businesses and contractors and have relied on our team at new england brickmaster & exteriors to elevate the appearance and performance of their properties with flawless brickface, stucco, stoneface and split rib block services for over 40 years and counting. our metro-boston based company proudly serves customers throughout the city as well as central and south shore massachusetts, rhode island, southern new hampshire and southern maine.
flawless facades of every scalewe proudly take on projects of all sizes and levels of technical complexity with confidence. from single family residences and local businesses to full-scale firehouses, schools, amusement parks and more – you can count on us to deliver high-impact transformations in an effective and economic fashion. our professionals can help you choose the perfect material, design and finish for your unique property.
redefining industry standardsour commitment to lasting quality extends beyond words. we’ve taken it upon ourselves to develop our own premium materials and innovative application methods, to ensure that every project meets the expectations of our customers as well as our own lofty standards. our team of certified craftsmen bring your vision to life with the upmost precision and care. we proudly stand behind our work with unwavering confidence, offering an industry-leading lifetime warranty on both materials and workmanship.
get your free consultation
fill out the form or callcall (888) 632-7425


"*" indicates required fields

your name*


first



last

email*

phone*address*



street address


city/town


state


how can we help you?to protect against spam please enter the second letter of the english alphabet* captcha
  













lifetime warrantyfor complete details about our limited lifetime warranty, please inquire directly to your representative.
learn more
our specialtiesbrickfacewhere it all began. a testament to classic charm, our brickface services rejuvenates your property, with an added layer of elegance, insulation and durability. both new construction and antique style bricks are available. 
learn morestuccoembrace the versatility and timeless appeal of stucco. with over 60 classic colors and a dozen textures to choose from, you can expect stunning results that are perfectly tailored to reflect your specific taste. 
learn morestonefacebring the inherent beauty of natural stone to your property with our custom stoneface veneers. choose from flat, rounded or square patterns to upgrade exterior walls or interior spaces. our master refinishers can help you bring your own custom design to life as well.
learn moresplit rib blocka contemporary solution for commercial properties, offering a modern and professional aesthetic combined with structural integrity.
learn moreour customers say it best with theirfive-star reviewsgreat product and a great solution for commercial projects to capture the look and elegance and do it for an affordable price leaving extra funding to go to other parts of the project.
5-star review
new england brickmaster & exteriors is great they are a pleasure to work with and they have a great product. i recently built a new home, so on an hourly rate, i was working with contractors, carpenters ect. compared to all of them, they were by far the most enjoyable to deal with. their work is great. i am very satisfied with the work they did. i love it. i cannot wait to recommend them to all my friends.
5-star reviewsuperpages.com
they did exactly what they said they were going to do. they came when they said they would. the technicians were quick and knew what they were doing. they had to let it set for a couple of days then came back and finished it right up. they cleaned up well. if necessary, i will use them again in the future.
5-star review from jane b.angi.com
dear new england brickmaster & exteriors, i just wanted to let you know how happy we at the revere public library are with the work you have done here. you have really made a huge improvement to the façade of our century old building, and we cannot thank you enough. richard and his crew did an excellent job, were very friendly and were a pleasure to have here. we can tell why you have such a good reputation with such dedicated employees. thank you again and please know that we will be happy to recommend you throughout our city. many thanks.
5 star review from robert j.revere public library
new england brickmaster & exteriors completed the finish work on my storefront last saturday. what a great job the guys did! my husband and i are thrilled with the results. the prep and finish guys both worked in the pouring rain to do the job, but remained professional and exacting with attention to detail. these guys really know their stuff! we’re seriously considering having the rest of the house done after our addition goes up next year. in the meantime, we're looking forward to many years of curb appeal!
5 star review from robertson and tracy l.




 
 
ready to transform your home or business?call (888) 632-7425 now for a free estimate!
contact us today!who we are…for more than 40 years, new england brickmaster & exteriors has been transforming the look of homes and businesses across the region. we offer a unique, high quality product that helps our customers create beauty and value, at an affordable cost. our primary concern is helping you choose the right style of exterior or interior finish. no matter which style of finish you select – brick, stucco, stone or split rib block – you can be certain that it will dramatically rejuvenate and refresh the look of your home or business
(888) 632-7425
p.o. box 208 newton, ma 02468

mon- fri: 8:00am – 4:30pm
sat and sun: closed
who we are…for more than 40 years, new england brickmaster has been transforming the look of homes and businesses across the region. we offer a unique, high quality product that helps our customers create beauty and value, at an affordable cost. our primary concern is helping you choose the right style of exterior or interior finish. no matter which style of finish you select – brick, stucco, or stone – you can be certain that it will dramatically rejuvenate and refresh the look of your home or business
(888) 632-7425
mon- fri: 8:00am – 4:30pm
sat and sun: closed

p.o. box 208 newton, ma 02468
© copyright 2025. all rights reserved. | new england brickmaster & exteriors. | website by deblasio new media marketing


 
 
page load link































go to top




