





angry country







































 



 






skip to content





angry country







toggle navigation






home
 


















                                    angry country interview                                
rushlow


read more 




































mark mcguinn a happy man at radio 




mark mcguinn has jumped back into the market place full speed ahead. he’s promoting his first project in four years, the self written, “one man’s crazy.” racking up the miles, mcguinn is traveling to radio stations across the us , reestablishing relationships, and loving every minute of it. mcguinn is putting himself back onto radio’s all important radar with live acoustic performances and as a result his debut single, “bring ‘em back,” is creating quite an industry buzz.this week, mcguinn learned the news that his debut single, “bring ‘em back” had been added to today’s country, the audio network channel of the premier multi-platform music network, music choice. available in 27 million digital cable households nationwide, music choice is the pioneering music network that reaches millions of music fans through their tvs, pcs, and cell phones.  







read more














 
















little big town releasing new single 




equity recording artists little big town will release their debut single, “boondocks” may 2, 2005. 













read more




















 





born and raised in kansas, jerrod cut his teeth on country and popular music while still a small child, thanks in part to a small “honky-tonk” and later a skating rink that his parents owned. 










jerrod niemann - jukebox of hard knocks 




rest easy all you true lovers of country music, the gentry is alive and well, and it’s future is bright with the promises of one new talent named jerrod niemann. his depth and versatility as both a singer and a songwriter are apparent from the very first note, the very first line. steep in the rich traditionalism of country music’s masters, jerrod’s voice has honesty and power that turns his singing into persuasive storytelling.listening to his songs, the audience is taken on a train ride where country’s traditional music landscape collides with jerrrod’s ability to apply modern realities of here and now. 







read more












































superstar clint black released his second cd for his label, equity music group, on october 4, 2005. titled drinkin' songs and other logic, the all new music written by black is a deliberate return to his past. featuring the new single, "code of the west," the twelve song collection has the flavor and flair of the music black grew up listening to.



 

clint black















calling all fans of country music great john berry!! how would you like an autographed copy of john’s upcoming album? would you like to join him in the studio and see how the magic gets made? maybe you might like him to sing “your love amazes me” to your spouse at an intimate anniversary party in your living room.



 

john berry






































                    2025                                angry country
 | theme by spiracle themes
























