



pregnancy magazine | pregnancy and infancy news, tips, and reviews















































































 


















 skip to main content skip to secondary menu skip to primary sidebar skip to footerpregnancy magazinepregnancy and infancy news, tips, and reviews

pregnancy
labor & delivery
baby
breastfeeding
buyer’s guide
mom
most recent3 unique ways to care for your health as a momas many of us know, being a mom is the most important job you can have! it involves many responsibilities, but as a mom, you learn how to juggle multiple things at once. from taking care of the kids to managing household tasks and balancing work, your mental and physical health can oftentimes take a backseat. however, just because you’re a busy mom, it doesn’t mean you can’t prioritize your mental and physical health. so, how…
continue reading 3 unique ways to care for your health as a mom

baby4th trimester: how to survive baby’s astounding (and exhausting!) first three monthscontinue reading 4th trimester: how to survive baby’s astounding (and exhausting!) first three months
can you spoil a baby? 4 helpful ways science proves it’s impossiblecontinue reading can you spoil a baby? 4 helpful ways science proves it’s impossible

the big dayare you scared to give birth?here at pregnancy magazine, we’re proud to tell the stories of expectant moms like you. now, it’s your turn to chime in. take a moment to add your voice to our latest pregnancy poll below. once you’ve shared your thoughts, you’ll have the chance to see what other moms are…
continue reading are you scared to give birth?
how will i feel after a c-section?the number of mothers who undergo cesarean sections, commonly known as c-sections, is on the rise – accounting for nearly 32 percent of u.s. births in 2007, according to the national center for health statistics.
continue reading how will i feel after a c-section?
would you give birth under water?when you’re pregnant, choosing between “baby chick” or “sun porch” yellow paint for the nursery can seem like a life-altering decision. so when it comes to the big choices, such as deciding on your birth plan, considering an unconventional method might seem like more than you can handle. but “many…
continue reading would you give birth under water?
primary sidebarsearch the site ...

subscribe





more to see
parent coaching: 3 ways to create a more joyful home by sarah moorethe perfect workout for pregnant women (sponsored) by isa herrera, mspt cscswhat to do when you’re expecting and still need to support your family by sammi derosiawhy early childhood development matters: a guide for expectant parents by sammi derosia
footer copyright 2025 pregnancy magazine group
emails powered by wishpond: pregnancywishpond
dedicated wordpress hosting: pregnancyflywheel
wordpress theme: pregnancytheme
this website provides information of a general nature and is designed for educational purposes only. it is not a substitute for an examination by your healthcare provider. if you have any concerns about your own health or the health of your child, you should always consult with a physician or other healthcare professional. please review the terms of use before using this site. your use of the site indicates your agreement to be bound by the terms of use.
 




recent


3 unique ways to care for your health as a mom


what to do when you’re expecting and still need to support your family


why early childhood development matters: a guide for expectant parents


everything you need to know about surrogate pregnancy


a beginner’s guide to gentle parenting: 5 ways to lead with love



search
search the site ...
© copyright 2025 pregnancy magazine group · all rights reserved
this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								












save & accept










 














