


ngk-locke inc. | polymer high voltage insulators



































 1609 diamond springs road, 
virginia beach, virginia, usa

  +1 (757) 460-3649


















 




menu




about ngk-locke
 

polymer plant
capabilities
ngk insulators (parent company)
environmental commitment

polymer products
 

application photos
technical documents
pdf catalog downloads

porcelain products
 

pdf catalogs

contacts
 

customer satisfaction survey

news
interactive product catalog








 










 


 







about ngk-locke 
ngk-locke,
inc. began operations in the united states in 1965 under the name of ngk
insulators of america, inc., as an exclusive sales division of ngk insulators,
ltd., japan. the name became ngk-locke, inc., when a joint venture between
general electric and ngk was formed.we
are engaged in the supply of insulator products manufactured by our polymer
plant, ngk japan, and our oem partners in china and india.  the ngk-locke product lines include polymer
and porcelain insulators for transmission line and substation.the
ngk-locke main office is located in virginia beach, va and we have branch
offices in atlanta, ga, torrance, ca and baltimore, md.












 
in 2020 the main offices of ngk-locke, inc. relocated to within our polymer manufacturing facility in virginia beach, va.  an 80,000 sq ft warehouse facility adjacent to our polymer manufacturing plant houses our porcelain station post products.  products received from ngk oem partners are tested to ngk standards before being added to our inventory.  porcelain products are shipped from inventory to provide timely delivery to our customers.











essential cookie notification 

this website utilizes one strictly necessary
cookie to ensure content is displayed properly on both desktop and mobile
devices.  no personal information is collected.













domestic sales inquiries:


enter your zip code:











please call the number to contact this rep, or use this form:
































email us


contact us
 to contact us, either complete this form, or call (757) 460-3649

please note - all fields are required

 






who do you wish to contact?
please selectsales engineer - northeast/central/southeast (fl,sc,nc,va) tech inquires
matt landis - sales manager of northeast region 1 (ct, ma, me, mi, nh, ny, ri, vt & wi) /central region (ia il, in, ks, ky, mo, n
andrew umeda - sales manager- western region ( nm,az,nv,ca,ut,co,wy,id,or,wa,mt,nd,sd,mn,ak)
matt landis - international sales and technical inquires
joshua ridgeway - assistant sales manager of northeast region 2 (de,md, pa) / southeast region 1 (al, ar, ms, ga, la, nc, sc, tn,














 

submit





 





contact us

address:
1609 diamond springs road,
virginia beach, virginia, usa
(757) 460-3649
privacy policy








site development ©2025 internet marketing and design   |   site contents ©2025 ngk-locke, inc.






scroll


