








columbia tennesseee pool builder - atlantic pools & spas - atlantic pools & spas



































































about us
new pools

vinyl pools
fiberglass pools
custom features


pool services

pool renovation
pool repair services
pool covers
outdoor living
landscaping


hot tubs

portable hot tubs
hot tub repair


gallery
blog
financing
retail store
contact us




















contact us today:
931-381-6900



quote request



 











middle tennessee's premier pool builder

the water's calling!
















transform your backyard into a private paradise

step outside your back door and into a serene oasis, complete with cascading waterfalls, crystal blue waters, and a lush backdrop of vibrant flowers and greenery. imagine immersing yourself in your own warm, tranquil retreat, where you can control every detail to create your perfect escape. let us help you make this dream a reality in your backyard. call us today!

your local pool builders in columbia, tn

at atlantic pools & spas, we specialize in a wide range of pool construction services in columbia, tn. whether you’re looking for vinyl liner pools, fiberglass pools, or even american-made aboveground pools, we have the expertise to build the pool that fits your vision. we are dedicated to providing high-quality pools and exceptional pool services that enhance the beauty and value of your home.



quote request









google guaranteed: we are a screened and qualified google-backed business. after being reviewed by google, they have awarded us this badge because we’re a trustworthy, legitimate business. not all companies can pass the google guarantee.










crafting memories since 1988







 taylor skye01:20 29 aug 24very nice people. free water testing and everything you need in store.chaney turnbo15:18 27 jul 24kim moss17:57 20 jul 24i love this place!!  not one but all of the staff is so helpful and friendly! i highly recommend this place!!jennifer mckissack18:17 13 jul 24andie hudgin17:09 08 jul 24terri is the best! so helpful and attentive!jessica graves16:36 21 jun 24ive been coming here for years, every time i'm in everyone is very helpful and friendly! they always explain everything and make it is to understand.andrew meadows15:48 21 jun 24brent is a great man who is honest and forthright about everything.  the people in the store do a really good job serving every need and the service guys are fantastic.   i use atlantic for everything and highly recommend them.lori willson12:01 26 apr 24atlantic installed our new liner and repaired concrete. work was done on time as promised. communication and quality was outstanding.  appreciated all jodi had done for us as first time pool owners!amanda pulley20:43 12 apr 24we had a fiberglass pool installed 2 years ago. the installation was timely and had good communication throughout. we did have some issues, after the fact, with the concrete contractor and his work.  after the concrete contractor failed to correct the issues, brent hired another company to make repairs. my whole family enjoys the pool and look to doing so for many years to come. 







swimming pools tailored to your personal needs

we offer various pool shapes and sizes, allowing you to select the perfect pool to turn your backyard into a relaxing escape. from fiberglass pool installation to vinyl pool repair, our professional construction crew in columbia, tn, ensures meticulous attention to detail and top-notch craftsmanship.

enhance your pool with special features

go beyond the basics with our range of special additions and products designed to complement your pool. choose from luxurious spas, dramatic water features, and other enhancements to create the perfect finishing touch. our expert team will carefully install your pool and any options you select, ensuring you can fully enjoy both the view and the time spent in your new paradise.

quality pools with full warranty protection

we use only reliable and durable products, ensuring quality at every stage of our advanced construction process. your pool will be protected by a full warranty, offering you a lifetime of recreation and fun. for more information about our pool construction services in columbia, tn, and to explore our options for vinyl liner and fiberglass pools, please contact us today!





a swimming pool is simply the beginning of your complete backyard experience. we offer a variety of specialized services in our projects — all meticulously designed into a cohesive luxury experience.



\vinyl liner pools

\fiberglass pools

\pool renovations

\pool repair

\pool service

\outdoor living

\outdoor kitchens

\covered patios

\pergolas

\fire pits / outdoor fireplaces

\fencing

\water features

\and a whole lot more!










ready to transform your backyard?

quote request



take the first step toward your dream pool today! whether you’re looking for a vinyl liner pool, fiberglass pool, or custom features like spas and waterfalls, we have the expertise to bring your vision to life. call us now for a free consultation and discover how we can create a stunning, high-quality pool that fits your lifestyle. contact us today and let’s get started!

931-381-6900







good times guaranteed.

quote request









our gallery of backyard transformations

at atlantic pools & spas, our gallery highlights our expertise in building fiberglass and vinyl liner pools. each project in the gallery showcases the sleek designs, durability, and custom finishes we deliver, turning backyards into personalized retreats. explore our portfolio to see how we create beautiful, low-maintenance pools tailored to meet your vision.





view full gallery



 












follow



quick links
vinyl poolsfiberglass poolspool remodelsoutdoor livinglandscapingcontact usabout us



contact us
227 east james campbell blvdcolumbia, tn 38401
phone: 931-381-6900
hours
monday – friday: 9 am – 5 pmsaturday: 9 am – 2 pm









copyright 2025 all rights reserved.



website & pool marketing by pool builder lead rocket.



 
























