



 
			jobs in africa – find work in africa | careers in africa – global career company | recruit for careers in africa, asia & mena | global career company sites site		












































































 










































employers 









candidate login 

















 


















find jobs & employers in africa
promote your employer brand & jobs



menu

find jobs & employers in africa
promote your employer brand & jobs























 


























discover your perfect career in africa 











 








search jobs















 








search employers















 








search countries




























register here























2025 careers in africa summitsour world-class recruitment summits are back for 2025 across europe, the u.s. and africa!

click below for more information.learn more 



















latest job opportunities 
















managing director, west africa 



togo 























chief financial officer 



south africabenin 























group director, fundraising 



kenya 























legal manager – real estate 



angola 























enterprise data architect 



zambia 























managing director 



liberia 























marketing director cewa 























afreximbank new york summit 























talent specialist 



south africa 























executive talent acquisition advisor 



south africa 



















search all jobs



















employer of choice 









careers in africa is the place where africa’s employers tell you what they have to offer. start exploring africa’s employer brands now and find your ideal role.
2025/2026 program coming soon.
click the button below to see the results of our last employer of choice survey.







explore












































countries 



angola, dem. republic of congo, ethiopia, gabon




read more>>





























sectors 




energy, banking & finance, construction





read more>>





























functions 




engineering, finance, health, safety & environment





read more>>
















































candidates 



search jobssubmit cvwhy applyalumni










global career company 



global career company
gcc search
gcc advisory
talent agenda series










careers in africa 



aboutcountriessectorsmedia & pressglobal career company data protection policyprivacy policy










get in touch 



faq
contact us
facebook
linkedin
twitter
















© 2020 global career company - all rights reserved 










this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept
































