






radio and telly: digital tv and radio in the uk













































 











skip to content






radio & telly uk
digital tv and radio in the uk








 
home
digital tv
satellite tv
freeview help
internet tv
uk radio
news
forums
toggle search form

search for:



 








information on digital tv and radio in the uk 


here, you’ll find free advice on all of the digital tv and radio services in the uk: freeview, freesat, sky satellite tv, virgin media cable and bt tv, as well as dab digital radio. we also offer help with freeview hd.
with the digital tv switchover now complete, understanding your options for digital tv has never been more important. we aim to provide help on choosing a tv service and getting the most from your tv. we hope to be able to help answer your questions on all aspects of television and radio in the uk.
 
who we are and what we do
we are an independent site that launched over ten years ago, with the aim of making the change to digital tv as easy as possible. the site has grown considerably over the years, thanks to our visitors and contributors, and we now have a large number of pages answering common questions, reviewing leading products, and providing information that’s hard to find on other websites.
we also run a tv and radio help forum. the forum is a great place to find answers to your tv and radio questions, and to get chatting about tv shows or to ask technical questions. our team also produces an award-winning audio podcast covering tv and radio news.
at radio and telly, you’ll also find pages on classic british radio and television comedy, freeview news, details of the uk’s hd channels, plus information about today’s uk broadcasting industry.
we hope you find what you’re looking for.





            
		

searchsearchrecent topics


hisense high-tech tvs explained on qvc


uk radio update


sky vip august2024 space jam


reject all website permissions?


check the tv guides for sky and freesat etc











home | abous us | site terms & privacy policy | glossary | contact us | copyright © 2024 radio & telly uk >>

		powered by pressbook wordpress theme 





this site uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalised ads or content, and analyze our traffic. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to our use of cookies, however you can select "cookie settings" to control your consent. view terms & privacy policycookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "advertisement" category .cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".cookielawinfoconsent1 yearrecords the default button state of the corresponding category & the status of ccpa. it works only in coordination with the primary cookie.jcs_inenref1 hourthe cookie is a part of the website security measures and is used for anti-spam purposes.jcs_inentim1 hourthe cookie is a part of the website security measures and is used for anti-spam purposes.phpsessidsessionthis cookie is native to php applications. the cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique session id for the purpose of managing user session on the website. the cookie is a session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data._wpss_h_1 hourthis cookie is used for anti-spam and security of the website._wpss_p_1 hourthis cookie is used for anti-spam and security of the website. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookiedurationdescription_ga1 year 1 month 4 daysthe _ga cookie, installed by google analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors. for details of this cookie, go to google's privacy & terms site_gat_gtag_ua_*1 minuteset by google to distinguish users. for details of this cookie, go to google's privacy & terms site_gid1 dayinstalled by google analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously. for details of this cookie, go to google's privacy & terms site__gads1 year 24 daysthe __gads cookie, set by google, is stored under doubleclick domain and tracks the number of times users see an advert, measures the success of the campaign and calculates its revenue. this cookie can only be read from the domain they are set on and will not track any data while browsing through other sites.www.radioandtelly.co.uk. for details of this cookie, go to google's privacy & terms site 






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
cookiedurationdescriptionawsesssessionadvertising cookie set by awin to ensure the same kind of advertisement is not shown to the user.dsid1 hourthis cookie is set by doubleclick to note the user's specific user identity. it contains a hashed/encrypted unique id.ide1 year 24 daysgoogle doubleclick ide cookies are used to store information about how the user uses the website to present them with relevant ads and according to the user profile.test_cookie15 minutesthe test_cookie is set by doubleclick.net and is used to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.__gpi1 year 24 daysgoogle ads service uses this cookie to collect information about from multiple websites for retargeting ads. for details of this cookie, go to google's privacy & terms site 






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
cookiedurationdescriptionsject23021 hourno description 












save & accept


powered by 










 

				go to mobile version			

















