



find beautiful property for sale in the aiken south carolina area - mckinney realty









































  my account 
|  contact us 
|  home 











search listings 
my account 
our listings 
featured listings 
mortgage calculator 
our agents 
blank 
helpful links 
home 
contact us 






contact information



mckinney realty
977 dougherty rd.
aiken, sc 29803
office: 803-641-0021
(m): 803-640-8826
email office








featured agents



no featured agents








login







existing users login here


email address:





password:






forgot password?



new user?



					remember me















hot sheet search




property type:

residential
land
residential lease
commercial sale
commercial lease
multi family



 our office listings
 open house
 featured listings

















enter an mls number to go directly to that listing:

         
         ex. 12345















 
 
mckinney realty was established march 1983, locally owned and operated by jim and brenda mckinney.  mckinney realty provides real estate services to buyers, sellers and investors.
choosing a realtor® to represent you with selling or buying real estate can be a challenge.  our experienced realtors® are committed to fast, professional and courteous service to help you understand and feel at ease throughout the buying or selling process.  we have the tools and resources dedicated to getting the job done.
when you work with mckinney realty, trust that you are working with agents who live in the area and know what makes aiken and each neighborhood unique. our realtors® are professionals who are dedicated, experienced and knowledgeable of our market with strong work ethics. we have an in-house marketing department and a relocation specialist that works to make your move easy and stress-free. we are your partner who can make things happen, make a real difference and still make it all look easy.
we love aiken and would love to be given the opportunity to explore the best of what aiken has to offer with you. whether you are looking to purchase property here, sell your existing property or seek investment opportunities, we are ready to assist you. our mission is to provide you with superior service.   as licensed realtors®, we have the ability to show you any properties that are listed at no charge. give us a call!
　
 
 
it is illegal to discriminate against any person because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin.








office listings





click photo to view
listing photos will refresh every 4 seconds.
there are 10 listings.


featured agents

no featured agents


 






  contact us 
|  my account 
|  search listings 
|  our listings 
|  our agents 
|  helpful links 
|  blank 
|  home 
|  site map 
|  privacy policy 
 











© systems engineering, inc.



it is illegal to discriminate against any person because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin. data last updated: 2/17/2025 3:02:00 am















