





















smallbone | bespoke kitchens | luxury kitchen designers
















































skip to content


smallbone 

menu
home 

		winter sale now on — ends 28th february
	
back to main menu
contact us
brochure request




home
kitchen collections

overview
modernist
iconic
icarus
mulberry
naples
macassar
brasserie


whole house furniture
prestigious addresses
about smallbone
contact us
 



home

trustpilot
request a brochure
intro slideshow
ja right
ja left
discover our virtual showroom tour






 












trustpilot






discover the perfect blend of contemporary elegance and functionality in this winter sale. transform your home with a bespoke luxury kitchen that exudes sophistication with innovative design, tailored to your lifestyle. do not miss your chance to invest in quality craftsmanship and stunning finishes at an unbeatable price.
contact us today to elevate your space and make your kitchen the heart of your home.
request a brochure






 

 

 

 




 


jason atherton
we are delighted to announce, the renowned british chef and restaurateur as the new ambassador for smallbone. having built a reputation for his michelin-starred restaurants and culinary expertise, jason is the perfect fit to represent our brand as we both share a commitment to quality, british heritage, handcrafted creativity and innovation.





 


as an ambassador 
jason will collaborate with us to promote our brand, integrating his culinary insight into an exclusively designed kitchen collection showcasing smallbone’s versatility and appeal to those who value both luxury form and function. additionally, smallbone is partnering with jason on his new flagship restaurant row on 5 in savile row, an artisanal culinary experience. smallbone will be involved in the design and manufacture of the restaurant’s kitchen, vip area, and bespoke wood panelling, ensuring the space exemplifies our brand’s commitment to handcrafted artistry. 
jason atherton comments: “the synergy between myself and smalbone is really quite simple, we share deep-rooted values of british tradition, bespoke craftsmanship and a passion for beautiful kitchens. i look forward to both celebrating timeless design with functionality and creating the best partnership in the most prestigious street in mayfair.”
 ron shemesh, ceo of smallbone comments: “this collaboration exemplifies smallbone’s dedication to crafting custom, high-end kitchens that cater to both professional chefs and luxury homeowners. we are excited to be working with jason and his team the most renowned british culinary talent who has not only excelled in the uk but also achieved two michelin stars internationally, this totally underscores the alignment of culinary mastery with luxury design. we will be bringing together the best of british craftsmanship, elevating the kitchen space into a functional and artistic domain.”





 


discover our virtual showroom tour
view 360 virtual tour





 


a smallbone kitchen
smallbone have been designing intelligent, impeccably crafted kitchens from our devizes workshop for decades. a smallbone kitchen is much more than a room in which to cook. a meticulously planned and handcrafted space created for living, relaxing, entertaining and dreaming, each is a close collaboration between designer and client, precisely tailored to your tastes and requirements from an almost infinite palette of materials and finishes. explore our range of classic and contemporary luxury kitchens and discover what sets smallbone apart.
learn more






 


a smallbone home
our ethos extends to the bedroom, dressing room, bathroom, media room and home office – any conceivable room within the home. the epitome of luxury living, our whole-home furniture solutions combine the finest hand-craftsmanship and bespoke detailing with beautiful, original design and creative storage ideas. each unique space is carefully considered and designed to harmonise perfectly with your lifestyle.
learn more









sign-up to receive news from smallbone

first name*surname*email*

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  










this iframe contains the logic required to handle ajax powered gravity forms.









trustpilot



instagram
pinterest
facebook
linkedin




smallbone shop
privacy policy
design & copyright
disability discrimination policy
credits
contact us



© 2025 smallbone



request a brochure







the latest from smallbone
to find out the latest news, events and offers at smallbone, please enter your details below.

title*mrmrsmissmsdrhonladylordprof.rev.sirdameothername*


first



last

email*

regionuknorth americaasiaaustralasiaeuropemiddle eastsouth americaclick here to view our privacy policyemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  










this iframe contains the logic required to handle ajax powered gravity forms.
 
close






















