


















gilder lehrman institute of american history |







      skip to main content
    









★ ★ ★

register for our teacher symposium open house on tuesday, february 25

★ ★ ★







user menu


 shop



 self-paced courses



 subscriptions



 traveling exhibitions



 classroom-ready pd



 gift shop





 donate



 search



 log in



 create account
























menu





 education

open submenu




 students

open submenu


 ap us history study guide



 history u: courses for high school students



 history school: summer enrichment





 teachers

open submenu


 lesson plans



 classroom resources



 elementary curriculum



 spotlights on primary sources



 professional development (academic year)



 professional development (summer)





 all audiences

open submenu


 book breaks



 citizenship test



 inside the vault



 self-paced courses



 browse all resources





 history now: the journal

open submenu


 about



 search by issue



 search by essay



 subscribe












 programs

open submenu




 affiliate schools

open submenu


 about



 monthly offer (free for members)



 frequently asked questions





 master's degree in american history

open submenu


 program information



 courses



 scholarships and financial aid



 applying and enrolling





 hamilton education program

open submenu


 about



 eligibility (in-person)



 eduham online



 hamilton cast read alongs



 official website



 press coverage





 special initiatives

open submenu


 veterans legacy program



 the declaration at 250



 black lives in the founding era



 celebrating american historical holidays



 spanish influence on american history












 historical documents

open submenu




 the gilder lehrman collection

open submenu


 about



 donate items to the collection





 research

open submenu


 search our catalog



 research guides



 rights and reproductions





 exhibitions

open submenu


 see our documents on display



 bring an exhibition to your organization



 interactive exhibitions online





 transcribe our documents

open submenu


 about the transcription program












 recognizing excellence

open submenu




 research fellowships

open submenu


 college fellowships in american history



 scholarly fellowship program





 student awards

open submenu


 richard gilder history prize



 david mccullough essay prize





 history teacher of the year

open submenu


 about



 nominate a teacher



 state winners



 national winners





 book prizes

open submenu


 gilder lehrman lincoln prize



 gilder lehrman military history prize



 george washington prize



 frederick douglass book prize












 about

open submenu




 about

open submenu


 our mission and history



 annual report



 contact information



 staff





 boards and councils

open submenu


 student advisory council



 undergraduate advisory council



 teacher advisory council



 board of trustees



 remembering richard gilder 



 president's council



 scholarly advisory board





 work with us

open submenu


 careers



 internships



 our partners





 news

open submenu


 our news



 press releases

















 
homepage




 

register for summer pd

whatever your budget and your interests, the gilder lehrman institute has a professional development opportunity for you. study with world-renowned scholars, connect with other teachers from across the united states, and reinvigorate your enthusiasm for teaching history.
 

online: 10 teacher seminars
in person: 5 options across 5 states
teacher symposium: 7 courses




learn more 
















 

eduham online

hamilton education program online
 
explore the newly redesigned eduham online website. it includes classroom account creation, a historical research library, a program roadmap, and a video library. you can now access the site using your gilder lehrman login and password (or create an account for free). 
 
students in grades 6–12 are encouraged to submit their completed projects to the eduham online lottery for a chance to win a trip to new york city and see hamilton on broadway. the deadline is february 14.



begin exploring  
















 

the annual gala

join us as we celebrate and recommit ourselves to the rising generation and the future of our democracy.
when: monday, may 12, 2025 at 6:30 p.m.where: the lighthouse, new york cityhonorees: doris kearns goodwin, the cast of hamilton, and the rockefeller foundation
 
image: students introducing honorees at the 2024 gilder lehrman annual gala. copyright ilir bajraktari.



sponsorship and tickets donate 
















 

the citizenship test

civics and american history
 
the gilder lehrman institute of american history is excited to introduce our new citizenship hub. take the us naturalization exam—available in short, intermediate, full, and kahoot! formats—and receive real-time feedback on your results!



explore resources take test 
















 

new self-paced course 

african american history to emancipation
professor evelyn brooks higginbotham (harvard university) recounts the story of african americans from their beginnings in africa, through centuries of enslavement in the united states, and during the civil war years’ promise of freedom. in this course, you will learn about the momentous events, heroic voices, social movements, cultural beliefs, and creative forms that are expressive of everyday life.
 
regular price: $39.99
affiliate price: $29.99
 
image: a photograph of an african american family at smith’s plantation, beaufort, sc, 1862 (the gilder lehrman institute, glc05111.01.1038_00001.)



view full course description 














15 professional development hours





 

book breaks: now free and open to all! 

sundays at 2 p.m. et (11 a.m. pt) on zoom
 
upcoming session: february 16, 2025author:  christopher coxbook: woodrow wilson: the light withdrawn



register browse past episodes 














free

all audiences

every sunday









pause

























learn with the gilder lehrman institute













teacher




ma in american history

our master’s degree program gives k–12 educators an affordable way to earn a graduate degree while working full time.


learn about the ma program















all audiences




self-paced courses

explore american history from your own home, in your own time, and at your own pace! educators can obtain professional development credit.


explore self-paced courses















student




david mccullough essay prizes

high school students in our affiliate school program are encouraged to participate in this prestigious competition.


learn about the contest












upcoming events











american historical holidays


          

            monday, february 17, 2025      
        


                      presidents' day
                      


deepen your knowledge of this holiday with historical documents, essays, videos, and lesson plans from the gilder lehrman institute.













inside the vault
all audiences
free


          

            thursday, march 6, 2025 at 7:00 pm et      
        


                      black land ownership and the american dream in the jim crow era
                      


eureka villa promised not only a sublime landscape but also leisure and agency for black families.













american historical holidays


          

            saturday, march 8, 2025      
        


                      international women's day
                      


deepen your knowledge of this holiday with historical documents, essays, videos, and lesson plans from the gilder lehrman institute.





see all events







upcoming deadlines











teachers
ma in american history


          

            wednesday, february 12, 2025 at 11:59 pm et      
        


                      register for spring 2025 courses
                      


course registration period for spring 2025 semester ends.













students
teachers


          

            monday, february 14, 2025 at 11:59 pm et      
        


                      eduham online lottery
                      


last day to submit your best creative piece for the chance to see hamilton in new york city! 













students


          

            february 15, 2025      
        


                      apply to marist university
                      


affiliate school students intending to major in history are eligible for $10,000 scholarships.





see all deadlines













book breaksevery sunday at 2:00 pm et (11:00 am pt) on zoomjoin us for our weekly interview series in which historians discuss their acclaimed books followed by a q&a with the at-home audience. please click any of the upcoming episodes to register. you can purchase any of the books featured on our bookshop.org page, for which we receive an affiliate commission.browse past episodes learn more






upcoming episodes












              sunday, february 16, 2025 at 2:00 pm et
            



                      christopher cox
                      


woodrow wilson: the light withdrawn














              sunday, february 23, 2025 at 2:00 pm et
            



                      richard munson
                      


ingenious: a biography of benjamin franklin, scientist












              sunday, march 2, 2025 at 2:00 pm et
            


                      richard carwardine, university of oxford
                  

righteous strife: how warring religious nationalists forged lincoln's union














our historical documents


in 1991, richard gilder and lewis lehrman embarked on a mission to create one of the most important repositories of historical american documents in the country. today, the gilder lehrman collection contains 86,000+ items documenting the political, social, and economic history of the united states.


our catalog is free to search. k–12 students, k–12 educators, and parents can access a selection of 7,800+ full-sized images for free. others can purchase an annual history resources subscription for $25.log in subscribe



















 



we hold many rare copies of foundational american documents, like this first draft of the us constitution




 



discover 2,000+ individuals who lived through the american revolution, like the poet phillis wheatley.




 



bring history to life with visual sources, like this us war department recruitment poster (ca. 1944–1945).




 



in addition to documents, the collection includes objects, like this campaign button for lyndon johnson.




 



our collection highlights the contributions of many americans, like those of a female pilot in the 1910s.




 



explore the fight against slavery through abolitionist writings, like this note by frederick douglass.





















history now
the online journal of the gilder lehrman institute

history now features essays by the nation’s leading historians and provides the latest in american history scholarship for teachers, students, and general readers.


history now is completely free for all k-12 students and teachers. others can purchase a one-year subscription for $25.
log in  subscribe






latest issues






#73





        

            winter       

            2024



african american artists










#72





        

            fall       

            2024



black entrepreneurship in america










#71





        

            summer       

            2024



the jewish legacy in american history














how to research a world war ii veteran

learn about the historical research process in this step-by-step guide. as you progress, you will have opportunities to apply what you are learning.
image: american servicemen and women in paris celebrating the unconditional surrender of the japanese, august 15, 1945 (national archives, 111-sc-210241)


explore online exhibition



















news


our news
stay up to date with all the work that we do to combat historical illiteracy and invigorate the study of the past.
see our news


newsletter
catch up on the highlights from our work with students, teachers, researchers, and the general public.
read newsletter


press releases
see all official press releases for our important events, significant programs, and special initiatives.
view press releases


















stay up to date, and subscribe to our quarterly newsletter.
learn how the institute impacts history education through our work guiding teachers, energizing students, and supporting research.


















49 w. 45th street2nd floornew york, ny 10036email: info@gilderlehrman.orgphone: (646) 366-9666
      





footer menu


 
            educational resources
          



 
            history now
          



 
            programs
          



 
            our collection
          



 
            technical support
          



 
            privacy policy
          



 
            about
          



 
            careers
          



 
            news
          









            © 2009–2025 the gilder lehrman institute of american history. all rights reserved.
          

























