


robert j. spies, md, facs | scottsdale, az plastic surgeon


























































































skip to main content







robert j. spies, md, facsboard certified in plastic and reconstructive surgery





scottsdale, arizona

call today: 480-359-1019










menu
gallery
directions
call


menumenuhomeabout

why choose dr. spiesstaffrealself 500
surgical

face

faceliftbrow lifteyelid surgery 
breast

breast augmentationbreast liftbreast reductionbreast revisionexplant and capsulectomy 
body

liposuctiontummy tuckmommy makeover 

non surgical

injectable treatmentslaser treatmentslaser hair removal
skin care

skin carecoolpeel® co2 laservirtuerf microneedlingmicroneedling with prpipl photofacialzo® 3-step peel™hydrafacial®dermaplaningmesogold 20 facialhair restorationerbium laser resurfacing
faqsblogvideosgallerytestimonialscontact

patient formsout of town patients
spanish 










voted as one of the
top doctors
in phoenix arizona

schedule your consultation








scroll down









plastic and reconstructivesurgery procedures
        

performing plastic surgery operations using the latest scientific surgical techniques at state-accredited surgical facilities and comprehensive post-operative care, dr. robert spies and his staff strive to provide a positive experience in every way. this includes providing friendly and personal attention during your initial visit.
dr. spies, is highly qualified to perform both cosmetic and reconstructive surgery with over 35 years of experience in the greater phoenix area.









face







breast







body







non-surgical







skin care















featured procedure mommy makeover






 video: dr. spies - mommy makeover




restore and improve your body
the mommy makeover is a combination of cosmetic surgical procedures designed to restore youthful breast and body contour to a mother’s new body. such procedures include the tummy tuck, breast augmentation, breast lift, or liposuction – all of which are performed by board-certified plastic surgeon dr. robert j. spies at his practice in paradise valley, arizona.
mommy makeover procedure







featured procedure facelift






 video: dr. spies - facelift




rejuvenate your appearance
dr. spies uses the latest techniques and state of the art equipment when performing surgical procedures, including facelifts. this form of plastic surgery can help soften the appearance of aging by removing excess facial skin and tightening the underlying muscles and tissues.
facelift procedure







featured procedure breast augmentation in scottsdale, az






 video: dr. spies - breast augmentation in scottsdale, az




enhance your body shape
patients interested in a breast augmentation evaluation and receiving a customized surgery plan are encouraged to schedule a consultation with dr. spies. during a consultation with dr. spies, he will educate you on all the aspects of the breast augmentation surgery.
breast augmentation in scottsdale, az procedure













get to know scottsdale arizona
plastic surgeon dr. robert spies



dr. robert j. spies is highly qualified to perform both cosmetic and reconstructive surgery with over 35 years of experience in the greater phoenix area. phoenix magazine, which yearly features the valley’s best physicians voted by peers, has recognized dr. spies as a ‘top doc’ in arizona plastic surgery. he believes performing plastic surgery procedures that combine art with modern science will positively improve a person’s self-image and self-esteem.
learn more about dr. spies



















medispa and skin care
az plastic surgery center provides a variety of skin care rejuvenation treatments, each of which can be tailored to your unique needs and concerns. skin care rejuvenation can enhance the appearance of your complexion and help you maintain beautiful results.
skin care
specials














dr. spies' office is located in paradise valley, arizona, adjacent to the paradise valley cosmetic surgery center.

robert j. spies, m.d.
              5410 n scottsdale rd c 100
paradise valley, az 85253
              tel: 480-359-1019


facebook
twitter
google plus
linkedin
instagram
 










before and after photos - individual results may vary – some images may be models.
*price reflects surgeon fees only and that a complete estimate including facility and anesthesia will be given at consultation.
covid-19 | sitemap | privacy policy|accessibility statement| © 2010 - 2025 dr. robert j. spies. all rights reserved. designed and hosted by plastic surgery studios


























