


















reits and real estate investing: real estate working for you | nareit






















      skip to main content
    

      accessibility statement
    










username



password








reset your password
create new accountreset your password












filter by type





company page



event



news



tax report























 
















join nareit




login














main navigation


what's a reit?
open submenu




what's a reit?


reit basics


types of reits


reit sectors


reit glossary


reit faqs


the history of reits


how to form a reit








 


explore reit sectors
reits invest in the majority of real estate property types, including offices, apartment buildings, warehouses, retail centers, medical facilities, data centers, cell towers and hotels. 
learn more




investing in reits
open submenu




investing in reits


why invest in reits


how to invest in reits


reit directory


reit funds


sustainability


reit assets by state


global real estate


investor resources








 


reit industry sustainability report 2024
the reit industry sustainability report 2024 includes industry trends, reit sustainability reporting data and analysis, as well as useful information on the publicly traded u.s. reit industry’s primary sustainability, social responsibility, and governance practices.
learn more




reit data
open submenu




reit data


reit indexes


reit market data


research library








 


reits outperform private real estate by more than 2.0% in db plans
cem benchmarking’s 2024 study also reveals allocations, returns, volatility, and risk-adjusted performance of 12 asset classes over 25-year period.
learn more




industry news
open submenu




industry news


publications


advertising


media contacts








 


commercial real estate and reits: 2025 outlook
as transactions increase, reits are expected to be better-positioned than some of their competitors to make acquisitions and benefit from accretive growth.
learn more




events
open submenu




upcoming events


ceo forum & advocacy day


hr forum


reitweek


reitwise


reitworks


reitworld


reit ir symposium


webinars








 


nareit’s reitwise: 2025 law, accounting & finance conference
join reit industry professionals from across the country for an unparalleled opportunity to network and gain valuable insights.
learn more




about nareit
open submenu




about nareit


leadership team


staff


membership


nareit brand


nareit foundation


advocacy


industry awards


career resources


advertising








 


nareit membership
for 60 years, nareit has led the u.s. reit industry by ensuring its members’ best interests are promoted by providing unparalleled advocacy, investor outreach, continuing education and networking. 
learn more















reits: real estate working for you



nareit is the worldwide representative voice for reits and listed real estate companies with an interest in u.s. real estate and capital markets.
learn more about nareit





new to reits?
reits are companies that own or finance income-producing real estate in a range of property sectors.

what's a reit?



investing in reits
most reits trade on major stock exchanges, offering a number of benefits to all types of investors.

how to invest














 






 







-0.33all reits
-0.33all equity reits
-0.37mortgage reits


      data as of 11:01 a.m. on feb 19, 2025.source: ftse nareit u.s. real estate index.
    





 
reit performance
reits historically have delivered competitive total returns, based on high, steady dividend income, and long-term capital appreciation. the ftse nareit u.s. real estate index series is a comprehensive family of reit performance benchmarks that span the commercial real estate space across the u.s. economy.

view all indexes









 
by the numbers
reits of all types collectively own more than $4 trillion in gross assets across the u.s., with public reits owning $2.5 trillion in assets. u.s. listed reits have an equity market capitalization of more than $1.3 trillion.

reits by the numbers









170m
approximately 170 million americans own reits through their retirement savings and other investment funds.
 








1 m
mortgage reits help finance one million homes in the u.s.
 








580k
reits own more than 580,000 real estate assets across the u.s.
 








3.5m
u.s. reits contributed the equivalent of an estimated 3.5 million full-time jobs to the economy in 2023.
 









 


 


image
 








 
nareit’s reitwise: 2025 law, accounting & finance conference
join reit industry professionals from across the country for an unparalleled opportunity to network and gain valuable insights. reitwise includes over 20 sessions, providing more than 15 continuing education credits during an engaging three-day event. register by feb. 21 to benefit from early-bird savings.

register today







 


 


image
 








 
industry partners
nareit industry partners are industry stakeholders that provide service and support to reits and listed real estate companies. thank you to nareit's platinum partners, shown to the right.

learn more







 






 

featured news







commercial real estate and reits: change is in the air for 2025


12/11/2024





 












market commentary


reits historically outperform in different interest rate environments

historical data show that, on average, real estate has enjoyed solid total returns across different interest rate regimes with reits consistently outperforming their private market counterparts. 

        02/07/2025
      


 


image
 














industry news

mreits offer consistently high dividend yields throughout market cycles

mortgage reits (mreits) provide financing for income-producing real estate by purchasing or originating mortgages and mortgage-backed securities (mbs) and earning income from the interest on these investments.

        02/05/2025
      




image
 






















get daily real estate news



























 


facebook
linkedin
twitter
youtube
rss feed



©copyright nareit 2025. all rights reserved.





1875 | street, nw
suite 500
washington, d.c. 20006
1-202-739-9400
1-800-3-nareit
1-202-739-9401 (fax)





footer links


search


rss feeds


privacy


cookie policy


terms of use


contact us






nareit® is the worldwide representative voice for reits and publicly traded real estate companies with an interest in u.s. real estate and capital markets. nareit's members are reits and other businesses throughout the world that own, operate, and finance income-producing real estate, as well as those firms and individuals who advise, study, and service those businesses. national association of real estate investment trusts® and nareit® are registered trademarks of the national association of real estate investment trusts (nareit).




 























