












 custom reptile cages | jworlds - www.jworlds.net 



















 

contact us
close panel

 

 



call us now !


send us an email


find us on the map



 



jworlds custom reptile cages
  




home contact us about / history testimonials (reptile variety) (large burmeses python) (chameleons) (chameloens) (igauan, snakes) (scrub snake) (bearded dragon) (reptile variety) (burmese python) (reptile variety) (reptile collection) lighting gallery videos maintenance links models amazon water basin tropical land & pool amazon pool tropical terrarium chameleon lagoon outback showcase ground dweller showcase community displays museum & nature ctrs darien nature center howell woods pace university interior features exterior design habitat type housing snakes price quote delivery / shipping youtube 








 


these are custom reptile cages that can provide a tropical or desert habitat with waterfalls & pools creating a spectacular showcase.one of the best features that sets us apart from most reptile cage builders is these enclosures can have the ability of containing water pools and fountains, but most importantly,being able to be rinsed & flushed out quickly!click here for price quote!
 





 


 



















jworlds is a small family business that has been running since 1997. since then, we have focused our attention on creating unique reptile cages for small exotics, specifically reptiles. we are passionate about these animals & feel they deserve the best home possible. we not only can deliver these to you personally, but will set them up and introduce your animals before we leave to ensure you are satisfied with your new product!
 
















glass aquariums have not always been the ideal way of housing reptiles. this is because most reptiles need to climb, spread out & bask acquring more space. in addition, many need humidity and the option to swim & soak.
 




























one of the most important factors for a healthy reptile cage is a clean environment. waste management can be challenging, very messy and develop strong odors.most reptiles like to defecate in the water if the option is there for them to do so. having the the option to rinse & flush makes maintenance quick & efficient.  aesthetically, it provides a spectacular conversation piece. for more information on maintenance click here 
 
















we also build for museums, nature centers & schools
 





 


 







what makes j.worlds so special compared to other reptile cages?1.) our units can contain large amounts of heated water providing humidity2.) pool areas can be drained & flushed out making maintenance a snap3.) we use real wood, not particle board 4.) glass is used rather than plexiglass which can scratch overtime with claws5.) interior base is lined with rubber membrane to preserve cabinet's life6.) heat & humidity stays in & allows reptile to thermo-regulate7.) gentle air flow ventilation system preventing respiratory problems8.) real rock inserts & branches allows for stretching & climbing9.) interior settings are tailored for reptiles needs with either large or small branches10.) each habitat setting is one-of-a-kind11.) personal delivery and set up can included depending on location12.) we advise and have knowledge of a wide variety of reptiles13.) family oriented business ensuring personal customer service14.) testimonials are real, you can email them and ask their opinion15.) it makes for a great conversation piece for the home or business!
 



 

 




homecontact usabout / historytestimonialslightinggalleryvideosmaintenancelinksmodelsmuseum & nature ctrsinterior featuresexterior designhabitat typeprice quotedelivery / shippingyoutube

















