











physlink.com: physics and astronomy online









































































home
news

reference




 constants


fundamental physical constants
air composition
astro-physical constants
coefficients of friction
indices of refraction
nuclear & particle data
special math constants




 calculators & apps


unit conversion
periodic table of elements
time reference & exact time
humidex & windchill calculator




other


decimal multiples & prefixes
physics glossary
greek alphabet
materials safety info
nobel prize & bruce medal info








ask experts




answers


classical mechanics
thermodynamics
electricity & magnetism
waves in matter, sound
light, optics and photonics
atomic & nuclear
quantum mechanics
special & general relativity
astronomy & astrophysics
definitions & reference
all answers, all categories




questions


unanswered questions








directories

university and college departments
institutes and national labs
professional societies
student societies
journals
publishers
companies



education

grad advisor
essays
astronomy
history of physics
reference for educators
youth science
new theories



fun




cartoons


cartoons by rick london
cartoons by mark parisi
cartoons by john mcpherson
cartoons by jerry van amerongen
solvay ala physlink.com




jokes, etc.


jokes, jokes and more jokes
physics party
chemist's equivalent party
physics major?
is there santa?
'twas the night before christmas, nasa-style
the fate of the universe
the ten commandments for amateur astronomers







science shop
























kyoto
fusion model hot off the wall 

predicting molecular rotational temperature for enhanced plasma recombination










hhu de
how atomic nuclei vibrate

physicists have measured the wave-like vibration of atomic nuclei with an unprecedented level of precision.










sandia
stunning discovery: metals can heal themselves

microscopic cracks vanish in experiments, revealing possibility of self-healing machines













ufl
evidence of diverse organic material on mars

scientists, including uf astrobiologist amy williams, gain vital insights into mars’ history and potential for supporting life








nsf
first 'ghost particle' image of milky way galaxy captured by scientists

elusive neutrinos reveal a portrait of our galaxy unlike any before.




















physics and astronomy online
welcome to physlink.com - the physics and astronomy online portal! we feature latest physics news and editorials, extensive science reference and constants section, education section where you can ask our experts any physics or astronomy related question. also, don't miss our fun page and our online science store.				








scienceiq facts










catch a shooting star

by nasa marshall space flight center and scienceiq.com

a meteor, sometimes called a 'shooting star,' can be the brightest object in the night sky, yet meteoroids are the smallest bodies in the solar system that can be observed by eye. wandering through space, perhaps as debris left behind by a comet, meteoroids enter the earth's atmosphere, are heated by friction, and for a few seconds streak across the sky as a meteor with a glowing trail.a brilliant meteor, called a fireball, may weigh many kilograms, but even a meteor weighing less than a gram can produce a beautiful trail. some of these visitors from space are large enough to survive (at least partially) their trip through the atmosphere and impact the ground as meteorites. fireballs are sometimes followed by trails of light that persist for up to 30 minutes; some, called bolides, explode with a loud thunderous sound.how can a particle the size of a grain of sand produce such a spectacular sight? the answer is the speed at which the meteoroid enters the earth's atmosphere. many meteoroids travel at 60-70 kilometers per second. during its trip through the atmosphere, meteoroids collide with air molecules, knocking away materials and stripping electrons from the meteor. when the stripped atoms recapture electrons, light is emitted. the color of the light depends on the temperature and the material being 'excited.' each day as many as 4 billion meteors, most minuscule in size, fall to earth. their masses total several tons, seemingly a large amount, but negligible compared to the earth's total mass of 6,600,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons.















physics & astronomy facts









the sun’s corona
the white-light corona - the corona is the sun's outer atmosphere. it is visible during total eclipses of the sun as a pearly white crown surrounding the sun. the corona displays a variety of features ...


the devil's in the details
did you ever make a mistake converting english numbers to metric numbers? let's hope that your mistake didn't cost anyone $125 million dollars. that's what happened to nasa. the mars climate orbiter's ...


saturn: the basics
to ancient astronomers, saturn was a wandering light near the edge of the known universe. the planet and its rings have been objects of beauty and wonder ever since galileo noticed the 'cup handles' t ...
















                       
   		
		
		
	



 
'if you think education is expensive, try ignorance.'derek bok(1930-)

                            

  














science sidebar





 

beyond the bubbling volcano: secrets to successful science fair projects
we have put together a list of tips to help you and your child find and develop a successful science fair project. in addition, we've added age appropriate guidelines when needed.




 

10 ways to keep your kids interested in science
young children are natural scientists: they ask questions, pick up sticks and bugs outside, and are curious about the world around them. but as they get a bit older, many kids gradually lose their interest in science. here are tips to get them excited about science again!




 

cool summer science projects
summer is a natural time for learning about science. longer days and the freedom from school schedules allow kids the opportunity to explore the world around them in new and exciting ways. here are a few ideas to help get you started. 


 













physics cartoons 




                                    more physics cartoons:
                                    
                                    
london's times by rick london
off the mark by mark parisi
close to home by john mcpherson
the neighborhood by jerry van amerongen















shop our online science store






wire maze electricity diy stem kit

$9.99 $4.95 







battery-powered balancing robot diy stem kit

$9.99 $4.95 







doodling shake bot diy stem kit

$9.99 $4.95 







simple dc motor diy stem kit

$9.99 $4.95 







flashing led circuit diy electronics kit

$4.99 $2.59 







3-in-1 alternative energy car diy stem kit

$19.99 $12.95 







solar micro car kit diy stem kit

$9.99 $4.95 







fan micro car diy stem kit

$9.99 $4.95 


















physlink.com
comprehensive physics and astronomy online education, research and reference web site founded in 1995 by a physicist anton skorucak.






contact us

send us a message





 










© copyright 1995-2025 physlink.com



privacy policy
cookie policy
legal info
























