





motorcycle insurance for your bike | motorcycle direct






































toggle navigation




get a quote





retrieve a quote

contact us 

how to contact us
about us
careers

retrieve a quote
get a quote


















motorcycle insurance


policy documents


what do we cover? / features & benefits


additional cover


manufacturers & models


specialist


bike types




help


making a claim



customer portal login


other insurance


travel insurance





















welcome to motorcycle direct
we compare prices from our panel of leading uk bike insurers to help find you our cheapest price so you can spend more time on your bike, instead of searching for your insurance quote. insure your motorcycle online today.
did you know, you can make changes and renew your policy quick and easy via our new live chat facility.
get your quote now


















additional cover
customise your cover to build the best motorbike insurance policy to suit your insurance needs. 7 different options are available to add to your policy. from uk and european breakdown to helmet and leathers – we've got you covered!
click here for further details







































if you're making a change to your policy or need a quote first, we're here to help. just click below and let's see what we can do for you.

existing customers 







we do all the hard work for you by searching our extensive panel of leading uk motorcycle insurers to bring you our best cover and price.

get a quote 







all the small print: important information about your motorcycle direct policy - downloadable and ready to read.

policy documents 








our fees are straightforward and easy to understand so that you can decide whether our insurance services are right for you.

our fees & charges 


















why choose motorcycle direct?



since starting our engines in 1997, motorcycle direct have one goal; to provide a market leading service to find you our best motorbike insurance cover.
as a specialist broker we search our panel of insurers to help find you our cheapest rate on motorcycle insurance within minutes for instant bike cover. we pride ourselves as a trusted motorcycle insurance service you can rely on;

 flexible payments you don't have to pay your premium upfront. you can choose monthly instalments by direct debits or one annual payment.
 our online customer portal means you have the flexibility to manage your policy online and if you need us we have live chat agents there to offer you support.
 additional cover options with several extra cover options, including motorbike breakdown cover, build your motorcycle insurance your own way.

 european cover you are covered for up to 30 days at a time (on some policies, up to 90 days over the whole year) of riding in the eu, for longer trips you can contact us and we can see if we can arrange this for you.
 mods 16 common modifications are covered as standard that won't affect your premium
								
whether it's your modified motorbike, your run–around scooter, classic bike, electric or you`re looking for multi–bike insurance cover for your pride and joy collection you can trust motorcycle direct are on your side. if the rubber leaves the tarmac, we'll be there to back you up.
read more







modifications



we cover 16 modifications as standard on all our policies. follow the link below to find out more.

we cover your mods 




claims



for full details on our claims process, follow the link below.

making a claim 




customer reviews



take a look at what our customers say about us.

find out more 











subscribe to our newsletter.
a monthly email for our members and friends with special offers, hints and tips, and much more...don't miss out!






first name *








last name *








email *





 



email2 *









by submitting your details, you agree to receive email marketing communications from motorcycle direct. you can remove your details from this list at any time using the unsubscribe function on any email.















motorcycle direct on social






motorcycle direct



tweets by mcdinsurance 












what do we cover?
policy documents
making a claim
additional cover





help
customer reviews
how to contact us
sitemap





car insurance
privacy & cookies
terms & conditions















© 2025 all rights reservedeuropa group limited t/a motorcycle direct is authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority. europa group limited's financial services register number is 309794. registered as a limited company in england and wales no 3279177. registered office: europa house, midland way, thornbury, bristol, bs35 2jx.








































×
important announcement


please note that our services will be temporarily unavailable from 6pm on friday 1st march until 9am on monday 4th march due to system maintenance.
to ensure you remain covered, please make any necessary changes to your current policy, renew if you have opted out of automatic renewal or take out a new quote before 6pm on friday 1st march.
our services will resume at 9am on monday 4th march.


please continue to our homepage







