







home | baby lock























jump to navigation






baby lock


menu





other machinessashiko

home
overlockacclaim
victory
enlighten
enspire

coverlockgloria
ovation
desire3

coverstitchprimo
euphoria
blcs

sewing table
overlock-thread
accessories
academy
campus





deutsch de
français fr
english en
nederlands nl



dates





contact
about baby lockmade in japan
technology
benefits
history 

specialist dealers





























 



 
 overlock  

 



 
 coverstitch  

 



 
 coverlock  









extended warranty of two years
accessories for your baby lock
overlock thread in a wide range of colours
local dealers by postal code








sewing courses
in our new training rooms at sywell aerodrome, northants, we will show you what you can do with an overlock, cover stitch, sashiko or embellishing machine.




upcoming dates:

 25/03/2025 – 26/03/2025 
 get to know your baby lock combination machine 25th - 26th march 2025  

 27/03/2025 – 27/03/2025 
 get to know your primo creative cover stitch machine 27th march 2025  

 01/04/2025 – 01/04/2025 
 get to know your baby lock overlocker 1st april 2025  




      all sewing courses    







next dates



21/02/2025



  
  
          baby lock open day @ sa sewing machines – rochdale    
  


baby lock on tour! join katy at sa sewing machines, rochdale! katy will take you through the range of machines, accessories and everything that baby lock has to offer. stop by with your questions and take some time to enjoy the day, prepare yourself to be amazed by the effortless set-up and ease of use you get from a baby lock machine. we look forward to seeing you there!
the fantastic new primo top and bottom creative cover stitch machine will be there to view and try.
https://www.sasewingmachines.co.uk/product-category/brands/baby-lock/


location



sa sewing machines

1 halifax road

ol12 9bd

      rochdale      








always a thread ahead …
baby lock's success story began more than 50 years ago when japanese visionaries set themselves the goal of revolutionising the industrial overlocker for household use. since then, the "small" overlocker has been conquering the world with its impressive range of special features, such as the jet air threadingtm system or extraordinairtm threading system, atd system, which automatically regulates the thread delivery, or of course, the wave stitch. baby lock's most important aim has always been to ensure that operating the overlock, coverlock or coverstitch machine is easy and yields professional sewing results. quality together with ease, innovation combined with originality – this is what baby lock promises.



















baby lock campus
tips & tricks for your creative hobby…
surprise yourself and others with our creative ideas or learn new tricks to make sewing even easier. download our instructions for free.


benefits
briefly summarized







imprint
privacy policy
contact
© 2009 – 2025 baby lock (uk) ltd. – all rights reserved
werbeagentur jagdfieber
















