


best homeschooling - homeschoolers' best advice, with links to educational 
sites and free learning materials




















besthomeschooling.org
 the best advice of seasoned homeschoolers and other educators...
grab your favorite cuppa', scroll down to read the articles below -
        then sit back and browse the homeschooling gateway to the internet!
      –lillian jones
  












 
this site, besthomeschooling.org, contains no ads or affiliate links. any references to resources by writers or site owner are simply informational.




links to other articles and sites:
            look for links to the homepages of the sites on the article pages:
growing without schooling - an enlightening interview with john holt, from the context institute
what my children taught me, by helen hegener
home education magazine takes a close look at unschooling
socialization and the homeschooled student, by michelle barone, ma, mft

the 
              natural child project's articles on learning

home education magazine takes a closer look at homeschooling dads

unschooling: you'll see it when you believe it, by sandra dodd
do schools today kill creativity?, a very entertaining and thought provoking talk, on video, by sir ken robinson, at the ted conference

the things we steal from children, by john edwards

the einstein factor - a fascinating look at the way even gifted kids can be condemned as failures in the school system

the success of public education, by david albert - a compelling argument for providing our children with something better

alfie kohn on "how not to get into college"
michelle barone interviews alfie kohn on how to apply his unconditiional parenting ideas within a  homeschooling situation

the desire to learn - interview with dr. alison gopnick, professor of developmental psychology

when education becomes abuse - an article by dr. raymond s. moore and dorothy moore on "a different look at the mental health of children."

"students don't work - they learn", by alfie kohn, well respected educational critic and author of punished by rewards and other books.

articles about teaching, by alfie kohn: dozens of wonderful articles on various issues of teaching, by this well respected educational critic and author.

articles by dr. thomas 
              armstrong, award-winning author on learning and human development 


articles by patrick farenga, longtime publisher of growing without schooling magazine

tom 
              magliozzi, mit engineering grad, of national public radio's "car talk,"  on education and the study of math!

tom magliozzi's education forum!

home 
              education magazine: past articles &columns

"hurry! hurried! hurrumph!", an article from the nsw dept. of education & training, about the importance of play

an insightful conversation with poet 
              david whyte about work &creativity

"older kids - decompression," an article by cafi cohen on the complexities of moving from school to home

nobel 
              prize winners on education – in karl bunday's site

sandra dodd 
              articles

multiple intelligences - an article on their importance, by michael k. meyerhoff, ed.d.

ann lahrson-fisher on homeschooling

the muddle machine: confessions of a textbook editor, by tamim ansary

favorite homeschooling quotes from aha

government schooling comes to america: the origins of government schooling in the united states, by matthew brouillette

former 
              ny state teacher of the year, john taylor gatto: writing on the 
              web

the underground history of american education, by john taylor gatto - online book!

kathleen 
              mccurdy on natural learning

rebecca 
              rupp: maintaining a child's interest

earl 
              stevens on unschooling

"edutainment? no thanks - i prefer playful learning." michael resnick, professor of learning research at the mit media laboratory, studies how new technologies can help children learn new things in new ways.

m.i.t. 
              mathematician seymour papert on "child power: keys to the new 
              learning..."

dr. 
              david elkind: "the reality of virtual stress"

 joy hakim, 
              on learning history

james 
              loewen on teaching history 

robert 
              kiyosaki chapter one from "rich dad, poor dad"

mothering magazine - articles on parenting




links to a few helpful sites having to do with learning
parent at the helm - popular author, linda dobson, edits this extensive blog supporting of the joys of homeschooling.
growing without schooling magazines online - home education magazine's archive of past issues of john holt's historic, yet still         relevant, resource.
fun-books: a delightful catalog of carefully chosen books, games, & other materials for producing life-long learners - covers a wide spectrum of subjects.
boomerang! the widely loved and award winning kids' audiomagazine about big ideas
home education 
              magazine
home education magazine's free introduction to homeschooling booklet & a form for a free sample issue of the magazine
national home education network
nhen's "new to homeschooling" articles
holt - growing without schooling
david albert's website
discovering joy, site of bill and win sweet, authors of living  joyfully with children
pat farenga.com -
unconventional ideas for teaching and learning
unschooling.com
the parenting pit
life 
              learning magazine
radical unschooling - sandra dodd
mary griffith's site
a to z home's cool
homeschool association  of california 
teen years 
              and beyond: a resource of the homeschool assn. of ca
eclectic homeschool online - a christian megasite
toad haven homeschool - one family's experience of the world as classroom
burkholder family adventures in homeschooling
homeschool empowerment webring - a variety of grassroots homeschool support groups, blogs, and websites       committed to empowering home educators






 been told your child “is ld”? 
            the links below might provide a different perspective: 
a powerful film: the tragic consequences of drugging our children. why are epidemic numbers of children being given mind-altering drugs for things that can be treated with diet and lifestyle?

advantages 
            of being dyslexic & add  thomas 
            armstrong on add and other labels 
the feingold program - a test to determine if certain foods or food additives are triggering particular symptoms.

does adhd even exist?: the ritalin sham, by john breeding - a mothering magazine article

kathy 
            ward on unschooling with add  
differences vs. deficits, by michael k. meyerhoff, ed.d.
an un-schooling adventure: a special needs child
taking a look at vision skills 
parents 
            active for vision education 
article: dyslexia - a gift?
"dyslexia - the gift" website 
notes on dyslexia
lenore  colacion hayes: ld/special needs 
positive 
            support for challenges—an hsc resource   “the 
            fraud of add” dr. fred braughman 
"why 
            we are not for screening" larry & susan kaseman 



 

legal information, support, 


              & other information
these are helpful resources i've worked with:

home education magazine 
homeschool association 
                of california 
national home education 
                network 
 





we regret that, as a noncommercial site, we do not have the resources needed for processing link requests.
for questions or to report bad links:  lillian @ besthomeschooling.org

















reading: slow and gentle, by annette mackayencouraging words from a mom whose son was a late reader.updated!
what my children taught me, by helen hegenersome important, and perhaps surprising, observations made along the way - by the mom to five grown unschooled kids, and co-publisher for over 20 years of home education magazine.
considering methods & styles of homeschooling, by lillian jonessome important considerations when thinking about methods and styles of homeschooling.
growing a writer, by miranda hugheslearning to write is more complicated - and yet easier - than we often realize. this thought provoking article sheds some light on the whole process of how children learn to write



organic learning, by billy greer, co-publisher of fun books cataloghow unschooling is like organic gardening in producing self-sufficient learners with deep, strong roots.
getting hit on the head lessons, by alfie kohna thought provoking examination of current and tradional educational notions - including the idea that certain things need to be done just because kids "better get used to it."
schooling: liberation or mind control?, 
by richard heinbergobservations and suggestions for creating a society in which every child is respected and nurtured toward the joy of self-discovery.
preschool homeschooling, by bev krueger, creator of eclectic homeschool onlineencouraging advice from the mom of five mostly grown homeschoolers on how to make the most of the preschool years for the most successful outcome.
a pre-school and kindergarten curriculum, by lillian jonesa guide to the important early years - with links to important information, resources, and delightful age appropriate activities.
big "a", little "a", by vivian gussin paleyin this must read book excerpt, an award-winning kindergarten and nursery school teacher of 37 years experience offers a historical perspective with a great depth of wisdom on the nature of young children and their unique needs.



early year's child's learning assets, by linda dobsonpowerful insights on ways in which to nourish and encourage the natural learning assets of young children - from the author of homeschooling the early years and other popular books.
crockpot homeschool: a dozen ingredients for healthy nourishment, by paula harper christensen a child development specialist the mom of four offers inspiring suggestions for giving our homeschooling a creative boost during those times when we feel as if we're running out of steam and good ideas.
homeschooling - it's wonderful life!, by lillian jones and familyadvice and encouraging words from a family that has completed the homeschool journey.
homeschooling: 
        the ever-changing, never-ending story, by linda dobsonan essay from the first year of homeschooling your 
        child.
how we learn, by alison gopnicka respected specialist in cognitive science offers thought provoking insights into the way learning works in children.
much 
      too early, by david elkindthis popular author and professor of child development 
      explains the realistic educational needs of young children. 
myth #4 "you need teacher training, dearie", by linda dobson surprising evidence helps break the myth that you need special training to be able to teach your children.
reshaping the puzzle to fit the pieces, by mark and helen hegenersome challenging perceptions and observations about what homeschoolers really want to accomplish with homeschooling.

the joy and ease of learning through child-led unit studies, by kandi chonga practical description of the how simple it can be to do fun and successful unit studies with a child's lead.
homeschooling anecdotes – learning in the real world, by mark and helen hegener
a thoughtful look at the way learning occurs in the home of the publishers of home education magazine.
my journey from teaching to homeschooling, by pat seddon. 
a former teacher describes the process that brought her to the decision to leave the classroom and homeschool her own children.
distinguished visitors, by david h. albertwhat do you need to     teach your children? this thought-provoking article takes a unique and delightful look at that question.
"am 
          i really qualified to teach my own children?" — some thoughts on this common and provocative question, by richard prystowsky
a homeschooling father and professor of english and humanities addresses some of the "psychological" and "spiritual" 
          concerns raised by this question.
nurturing children's natural love of learning, by jan hunt
the nature of learning and how it applies to homeschooling.
"learning disability" - a rose by a different name, by jan hunt
an examination of the nature of the realities and complexities behind the labels. 
finding 
        the path, by nancy friedlandcomforting insights on finding your family's path 
        for the homeschooling journey. 
the 
        "right" way to homeschool, by leslie murgatroyda mom pokes fun at her own efforts to arrive at 
        the right way of homeschooling, and offers valuable insight.
the interview, by tammy drennana mom's fun fantasy of a turned around radio interview, with a nice twist on the "socialization" question!
      
      
        the 
        sacrifice of homeschooling, by pam hartley a response to the often heard comment, "oh, i could never do that." how difficult is homeschooling?









 
click here for a homeschooling 
                gateway to the internet

hundreds of favorite links to free homeschooling resources and information about learning
                and teachingcurriculum info - math - music - sciences  "freebies" (printable learning materials) reading & language arts - history arts - geography - mythology 
               college & career info  help for special challenges  educational games and puzzles  long distance learning  tools for internet research california field trips preschool and kindergarten learning activities and articles on teens and high school, college, and careers




top 10 gems - "what i wish someone would have told me during my first year of homeschooling," by linda dobsoninspiring excerpts from linda's book, the first year of homeschooling your child.
the budding of my "later reader," by lori bellencouraging story from a mom whose son is just now budding on his own as a "late" reader.
the delights of exploring math with your child, by lillian jonesan extensive resource guide to practical ways of getting to the joy and fascination in math - complete with resource suggestions and annotated links to many delightful web sites.
crazy for calculating! making math fun, by sue smith-heavenrichways kids can learn math from everyday life in fun and meaningful ways.



a 
        travel excursion of the mind (leading your kids to the enjoyment of math), by david albert
an excerpt from an excellent book, this article provides an enlightening and humorous look at effective ways to lead kids 
        into the appreciation of math as an important and enjoyable part of life.
just do the math!, by david albertthis fascinating book excerpt explains how math can be mastered in an astoundingly short time when the time and conditions are right.
confession 
        time, by tammy cardwell.
the mom of a son now successfully attending college 
        comes to surprising realizations of what actually occurred during their homeschooling years.
self-direction, 
        engagement, and success, by wes beach
wes beach points out the profound natural differences 
        between people, and offers some thought provoking observations about what 
        can best lead to becoming confident, autonomous, and self-aware. 
reflecting on the value of materials and classes, by lillian jonessurprising and amusing 20/20 hindsight on the value of great learning materials and classes.
i 
        was homeschooled and i just didn't know it, by elaine edwards
a grandmother recalls her own rich education outside 
        of school, and makes observations about marvelous ways homeschooling can 
        provide the same.
the 
        best thing about homeschooling – it's time, by marty layne
a popular homeschooling author and mom of four 
        homeschooled kids, now adults, shares her memories of the most precious 
        things about homeschooling.
raising 
        readers at home, by paula harper-christensen
a child development specialist offers a wonderfully 
        reassuring discussion of reading readiness, timing, and the art of fostering 
        a love of reading.



"if 
        nobody makes you do it..." by nancy wooton
a conversation between nancy, an unschooler, and 
        a friend, a young mom starting to homeschool. 
teaching 
        children to read, by jean and donn reed
learning to read: a three-part article excerpted 
        from the home school source book, third edition
camping out with other unschoolers, by rachel johnsona mom's reflections on the unique delights of homeschooling camping adventures.
beginning 
        to homeschool by christine webb
deciding to homeschool can bring about a freeing, 
        euphoric kind of feeling, often followed by the panic of "oh no, 
        what do i do now?" here are some tips for getting through the "oh 
        no!" stage.
learning 
        outside the (idiot) box, by nancy wooton
a thought-provoking perspective on the brighter 
        side of television.
homeschooling 

        nuggets, by win and bill sweet
thoughts from pioneering homeschoolers on the nature 
        of homeschooling vs traditional classroom.
from 
        "the beginners guide to homeschooling", by patrick farenga
this excerpt from the beginner's guide to homeschooling 
        offers some helpful advice on the basics of getting started. 
teaching 
        practical skills, by meg cox
the author of a popular book on family rituals 
        describes how some rituals can actually teach practical skills.

taking 
        a look at vision skills, by lillian jones
a personal account of one family's experience with 
        vision skill deficiencies and the information they found about how to 
        easily overcome this often undetected condition.



dyslexia - a gift?, by lillian jones
the fascinating nature of dyslexia, and how it can be controlled to advantage.
        
notes 
      on dyslexia, by karen pennebaker.  mom 
      to a dyslexic son, and grandmother to a dyslexic grandaughter, karen shares 
      fascinating information about dyslexia, as well as tidbits about other learning issues.
unschooling? 
        what's that?, by jeanne love
a mom describes the practicalities of a lifestyle that instills 
        a love of learning in her children (from a christian perspective).
this curriculum will teach the kids, wash the dishes and do the  laundry!, by mary mccarthya guide to sorting out helpful vs. poor quality products and services.






 
 copyright 2009 besthomeschooling.org. all rights 
        reserved. please feel free to link to this site, besthomeschooling. org, 
        but do not copy material and/or reproduce or distribute it in any way 
        without permission. authors of articles retain the rights to their own 
        articles which may not be reproduced without their permission.

        besthomeschooling.org does not endorse any site or resource listed in 
        any part of this resource. (you must make your own inquiries and do whatever 
        research is necessary to ensure that any listing is appropriate to your 
        own particular needs.)

legal 
        disclaimer







 the technical website work for besthomeschooling.org 
        has been done by alice boyd. both the gateway to the internet and the 
        guide to field trip were first done by lillian jones and alice boyd as 
        volunteers for hsc 
        (homeschool association of california). when hsc passed them on to 
        besthomeschooling, alice converted them for this site









