



   




college of education | university of south florida



















skip to main content


university of south floridacollege of educationtampa | st. petersburg | sarasota-manatee



search






search for: 







main navigation
menu



give now



about us

welcomeaccreditationall degree programsblogcontact uscommunity engagementdepartmentslocationsmission & visionoffice of the deanspecial interest programssummer camps for k-12 students



undergraduate programs

undergraduate majorsminorsacademic advisingcampusfolioclinical educationscholarships & grantsstudent organizationsstudy abroadteacher certificationapply now



graduate studies

graduate degree programsonline programsgraduate certificatesgraduate endorsementsinformation sessionsgraduate support officescholarships and grantsstudy abroadteacher certificationcampusfoliofield and clinical education



faculty and staff

overviewareas of expertisefaculty directoryfaculty & staff notesadministrative resourcesdr. rosengrant's virtual stem laboratory



research



overview
centers & institutes
funded research activities
research news





alumni and giving

stay involved!alumni & friends newsmake a giftusf alumni associationdistinguished alumni awards






myusf
directory








college of education | university of south florida


pause






               				degree programs
               			
               				explore our degree programs
               			

               				admissions
               			
               				learn about our admissions process
               			

               				contact us
               			
               				questions? contact us
               			

               				apply now
               			
               				start your application to usf
               			









usf college of education rises to no. 38 in u.s. news & world report's best education
                     schools rankings
the usf college of education now ranks no. 38 in 2024 among top graduate schools of
                  education in public universities. the overall ranking of the college among public
                  and private universities is now no. 48 in 2024 compared to no. 54 last year (2023).
read more 





         usf education pledge
         
the usf college of education announced it has signed the epps for digital equity and
         transformation pledge, committing to prepare educators with the skills to successfully
         use technology for learning in face-to-face, hybrid, and online classrooms.

college of education newstwo usf professors appointed to national advisory board for library of congress programthursday, february 13, 2025usf's insideart professional development program for teachers celebrates 15 yearsthursday, february 6, 2025usf student group explores ways to use artificial intelligence in the classroomtuesday, february 4, 2025usf coedu calendar





university of south florida





menu

about usf
academics
admissions
locations
campus life
research


administrative units
regulations & policies
human resources
work at usf
emergency & safety
title ix


usf health
usf athletics
usf alumni
support usf
usf libraries
usf world




4202 e. fowler avenue,  edu 105, tampa, fl 33620, usa813-974-3400

facebook
x



youtube
linkedin
pinterest
instagram



copyright © 2025, university of south florida. all rights reserved.
this website is maintained by college of education.

privacy
site map
contact usf
visit usf
accessibility



  

