













customer experience research company: bare international












































































































































facebookxlinkedininstagramevaluator login
client login
region/language

brazil

english
portuguese


chile/latin america

english
spanish


china
europe

dutch
english
french
german
portuguese
spanish


india
mexico

english
spanish


middle east & africa
north america
philippines
singapore/asean


 


solutions

mystery shopping
customer surveys
business insights & analytics
quality assurance & brand audits
fieldwork support services
bare-ify audit app
online reputation management


about
news
mystery shopper hub

become a mystery shopper
evaluator sign in
evaluator faq


request a quote
contact us
search




menu


menu

 






bare international honored as elite experience research company!“the mspa elite program is an awards program designed to recognize the leading companies who are shouldering the advancement of the customer experience industry.”
read morethe data is there, now what?bare’s data analytics can spot key insights hiding in your data.
take the next step nowwhat is my online reputation costing me?never miss a new online review on any of 50+ platforms, all aggregated into one dashboard.
find out moreis confirming store operations critical to your success?bare-ify (powered by pulse® tech) is a self-audit application designed toprovide quick and detailed insights to your organization.
discover moremy sales are downand i don’t know why.bare’s mystery visit services can reveal the reasons.
find out morehow much are customer service issuescosting my business?bare’s customer experience research provides actionable answers.
we can tell youi think we have a problem. how do i identify it?customized deep dives from bare will pinpoint the real issue.
find out moream i missing opportunities toengage my customers?bare clarifies the what, where and why that are missing.
find out morepreviousnext12345678


custom research solutions for your unique business needsyou can and should, see your business through your customers’ eyes. capture their feedback to drive meaningful change in your business. explore our services.


leverage bare’s 35 years of customer experience research you need the power of a leader in the customer experience research industry. put bare’s 35 years of experience to work for you. read our story.


put our global evaluator workforce to work for youwith a committed field force of ready-to-go evaluators in over 165 countries, shopping and monitoring your brand to gather critical data is easier than you think. request a quote.





how can bare international help your business?
explore bare international’s service offerings to reveal the true nature of your business .
learn more

evaluator portal.
are you looking to join the bare international worldwide evaluator workforce? this is your spot.
evaluators click here

what are you waiting for?

as a co-founder and current active member of mspa americas, the trade association for companies engaged in creating, measuring and enhancing the customer journey, we’re proud to lead and raise the standards of the customer experience industry. on any given day, bare international is doing business for clients in over 150 countries.
mystery shoppingcustomer surveysface to face interviewssocial media monitoringqa & brand auditsfieldwork support servicescompliance & regulatory auditsbusiness intelligence



“bare international restored faith in mystery shopping programs. the quality of their job proved us that this is something worth doing.”
jennifer ricehead of insight, the body shop
“bare worked with us to generate a completely customized shop on exactly what our standards are.”
gary cohenvice president of operations, glory days grill
“what i truly appreciate about bare is their sincere interest in helping us deliver the best customer experience. they give us invaluable insights from the ground that help us make relevant and informed decisions.”
leo mendozaoperations excellence manager, shell pi
“bare international has been a great partner to papa john’s! their relentless commitment to quality aligns with what papa john’s stands for, and we are looking forward to many more successful years together!”
jordan marrglobal operations support & training, papa john’s pizza
“i’ve had the opportunity to partner with bare on several complex, nation-wide, retail mystery shop programs.  their team consistently probe to assure thorough understanding of program goals, carefully recruit mystery shoppers and rigorously adhere to the program timeline. i look forward to our continued working relationship!”
cindy casequantitative research lead, analytics & insight, bi worldwide
“the timely shops and well thought feedback has been an important facet in waterway’s continuous improvement and growth over this time.  we can rely on the folks at bare to use good shoppers and provide useful results.”
mike goldmanvice president, general counsel of waterway gas & wash company
“always a pleasure to work with bare! from the beginning, they were able to help create and simplify a report that took me hours to create! i really appreciate the partnership and drive to help us be more efficient!”
helena agomuosenior company brand product specialist, bj’s wholesale
“the level of detail we get from the shoppers’ written comments in addition to the numeric scoring bare provides has really helped us focus on specific areas that needed our attention.”
gary cohenvice president of operations, glory days grill
“many of the important customer experience decisions we make are because of the excellent data obtained by bare.”
kevin reynoldspresident, united bank
“bare international has been instrumental in our success by allowing us to monitor our service and make immediate adjustments.”
william banoschief operations officer, gold’s gym southern california
“bare provides tactical suggestions to streamline the shopper reports as well as strategic insights about the overall shopping experiences. most importantly, they provide these services with attention to detail, deep professional knowledge, timeliness and good humor.”
cindy casequantitative research lead, analytics & insight, bi worldwide
“bare’s account managers, auditors, and coordinators have the highest level of integrity and understanding of our programs and standards which enable them to make us understand our business better.”
leo mendozaoperations excellence manager, shell
previousnext






250,000+evaluationscompleted worldwide each year


13locationsaround the world


165countriesin the bare network


 


© copyright 2025 - bare international 
facebookxlinkedininstagramsolutions guide
request a quote
careers
client log in
evaluators
mspa field talent resources
privacy







scroll to top








usa: throwback thursday


name


first



last

company name*email*


 











δ



			×			





fill out the form below to enter the contest



			×			





fill out the form below to access the benchmark studies


name*


first



last

company name*email*

phone*captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ




			×			

















































































