









home | pratt community college




























































































      skip to main content
    















search




















academicsgeneral educationmathematics and scienceshumanities, education, communication, and artssocial science, business and healthperforming artswildlife outfitting and operationstutoringfind a coursetechnical educationaccounting and businessagriculture power technologyagricultureallied healthautomotive technologyelectrical power technologyhigh school career technical educationinformation network technologywelding technologyacademic degree mapsdegree requirementsabout pccathleticsgobeaversports.comrodeo and shooting sportsfan gearfinancial infocost of attendancefinancial aidhigher ed emergency fundsnet price calculatorscholarshipsonline payment planbookstorefinance department downloadscurrent requests for proposalsadmissionsapply for admissionenrollmenttourshigh school college startfind your admissions reptransfer informationveteranscontact usinternational admissionsresidence lifetuition and costcalendarcalendar - monthly viewupcoming events - list view2024-2025 academic calendar2024-2025 finals schedule2025 summer academic calendar2025-2026 academic calendarloginstudentsedukanstaff/facultylogin resourcesapply now




















roam the dome
read more >>>












schedule a tour
read more >>>












campus closed 2/18/2025













beaver building days 2025
read more >>>












beaver buzz newsletter
read more >>>












res hall applications open
read more >>>




















employment
enrollment
donate
community
taxpayer and public information
campus map
transcripts
elearning







prospective student 
read more
returning student 
read more
international students 
read more
alumni and friends 
read more





















 
pratt community college recognized among top 100 in department of education's raising the bar awardfebruary 06, 2025 

pratt community college recognized among top 100 in department of education's raising the bar award
pratt, ks- pratt community college is proud to announce its recognition as one of the top 100 institutions in the nation for the u.s. department of education's prestigious raising the bar award. this honor highlights the college's unwavering commitment to academic excellence, student success, and community impact.
the raising the bar award acknowledges educational institutions…
 
pratt community college to host open house showcasing academic and career programsjanuary 22, 2025pratt, ks—pratt community college is excited to announce an upcoming open house, “roam the dome,” designed to allow prospective students, their families, and community members to explore the diverse academic, career, and workforce development programs available. the event will be held on february 24, 2025, from 1:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.
the open house will offer a dynamic, hands-on experience, allowing attendees to:
meet faculty and staff from various programs.
tour the campus and visit state-of-the-art facilities.
learn about…
 
vacancy has occurred on the board of trusteesjanuary 05, 2025public notice
pursuant to k.s.a. 71-201
the board of trustees of pratt community college hereby gives public notice that a vacancy has occurred on the board of trustees. legal qualifications: u.s. citizen, registered voter, and a resident of pratt county. a pratt community college employee is not eligible.
 
the board of trustees of pratt community college will appoint a qualified person using its approved selection process to fulfill the unexpired term at its regularly scheduled board meeting to be held at pratt community college on…
 
economic impact 2023-2024december 17, 2024pratt community college (pcc) adds value in numerous ways. the institution plays a vital role in enhancing students' employability and helping them reach their potential. pcc generates new revenue and opportunities for pratt county by attracting students to the region. the college equips students with the education, training, and skills necessary for rewarding and successful careers. additionally, pcc is a hub for students to forge new connections, boost their self-confidence, and enhance their overall health and wellness. pcc significantly influences both the…
 
pratt community college to host low-income energy assistance program (lieap) information sessiondecember 11, 2024pratt, ks — pratt community college is proud to announce an upcoming informational session about the low-income energy assistance program (lieap), designed to help individuals and families in need manage their home energy costs during the cold winter months.
the session will occur on december 16 from 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. in the learning center. it is open to the public and free of charge.
lieap provides financial assistance to qualifying households to help cover heating expenses, ensuring that…
 
max caldwell wins ase technician of the year awarddecember 04, 2024pratt, ks – pratt community college proudly announces that max caldwell, one of our outstanding automotive teachers, has been honored with the prestigious technician of the year award from the national institute for automotive service excellence (ase). this accolade recognizes max's exceptional technical skills, dedication to excellence, and commitment to advancing the automotive repair and service industry.
max, who has been part of the pratt cc’s team, was selected for this honor from among thousands of ase-certified professionals nationwide. this award highlights his exceptional…
 
pratt community college professor publishes groundbreaking research december 04, 2024pratt, ks—pratt community college is proud to announce that dr. justin maughan, a physical science instructor, has released a series of innovative research papers in collaboration with his research group at kansas state university and desert research institute in nevada. their research is being conducted for las alamos national labs.
the research delved into unraveling the optical mysteries of various materials, with a spotlight on soot. dr. maughan recently took the stage at the national conference of the american association…


pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2




              page
            3




              page
            4




              page
            5




              page
            6




              page
            7




              page
            8




              page
            9

…


next page
››




last page
last »














 




quick links


kansas promise scholarship


schedule a tour


2024-2025 academic calendar


2024-2025 final exam schedule


2025 summer academic calendar


2025-2026 academic calendar


beaver building day registration


board of trustees


bookstore


change of information form


class schedules


college catalog


degree audit request


application for graduation form and degree completion


employee directory


general and consumer information


on-campus housing contract


student activity calendar


student feedback/complaints


student handbook


transcript request


taxpayer / public information




key services


advising


alumni and foundation


bookstore


college health


college start - concurrent enrollment


financial aid


linda hunt memorial library


registrar


residence life


student life


student success center

















 

















my experience


 
oree klein
as an alumnus of the automotive department, i come back to visit whenever i'm in town. coming to pratt community college was the best thing i could have done. not everyone can be taught with a book and having the hands-on aspect made it more effective for me. - class of 2008

 
charmayne austin
as an elementary education major, pcc has given me the opportunity to start on my career plans and dreams. pcc has definitely started me on the right track to go on to a university. my biggest class at pcc has 30 students, which makes you really feel like you can connect with your teacher. 
 












video
















other resources


about pcc


campus bookstore


campus map


employment/human resources


student complaint policy


student feedback


subscribe to the pcc newsletter


taxpayer & student transparency data


virtual tour










connect with us

we're on social networks. follow us & get in touch.
twitter
facebook
instagram
youtube















copyright 2006-2022   pratt community college - 348 ne sr 61 - pratt ks 67124 
620-672-5641 | 1-800-794-3091 (ks only) | fax: 620-450-2285
after hours service, 620-672-9800 ,  m-f 5-9pm, sat/sun 10am-4pmequal employment opportunity/equal education opportunityemployee emailcontact webmaster










pratt community college does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, age or veteran status in its programs and activities. the following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the non-discrimination policies: director of personnel, pratt community college, 348 ne sr 61, pratt, kansas 67124, 620.672.5641.














































