catholics united for life









earl amyotte 1933 - 2007our founder thank you earl. you showed us the way and we are grateful.  
god bless you. obituary, anti-abortion crusader, wikipedia article, life site article,
guest books
  
catholics united for life is a nationwide organization with branches in  
a number of cities.  we come together to pray and give witness for the  
protection of all preborn humans. members of our southeast michigan branch meet weekly  
in front of several abortion clinics and pray the rosary for the sake of the  
unborn babies and their mothers. we also meet monthly in church for adoration and prayer for the end  
to abortion.  



the perpetual web rosary  
this is an ongoing rosary in which everyone on the web can participate. say as many prayers as you wish.  
the place where you stop is saved so that the next person can continue from that point. the prayers are 
presented in english or latin, your choice. 
spanish version | 
italian version | 
french version |
vietnamese version


our theme song: to jesus christ, our sovereign king
prayers for adoration


here are some of our pictures

tomb of the unborn, holy sepulchre cemetery   
southfield, mi  
tomb of the unborn,  
assumption grotto church, detroit, mi  
garden of the innocents, st vincent depaul church,  
springbrook (elma), ny  
tomb of the unborn, our lady of angels monastery,  
irondale, alabama  
memorial to babies killed by abortion, our lady of  
mt. carmel, near honolulu, hawaii  
tomb of an unborn baby, star of the sea,   
hardy, arkansas  
monument for the unborn,  
danville memorial gardens, danville, va  
memorial to babies killed by abortion, st hugo of the hills, bloomfield  
hills, michigan  
graphical message to our last vice president
cul member betty with mother angelica
 betty says, "mother is nun of the above" betty at the defender of life dinner oct 19, 2008 a short poem about acorns and children
cul members don and connie with mother angelica
witnessing
our uniforms  
while witnessing  
 remember   
life chain, oct 3, 1999  
st patrick's day 1997  
 | st patrick's day 1998
father groeschel visits us,
sat oct 2, 1999



the pro-life minute from the chicago branch of catholics united for life


documents


in memory
julianna marie mannino, your care for others and medical skills were a major help in our fight to defend innocent life.obituary
gerald r. crossmyer, your interesting thoughts and discussions are a joyful part of our memories.obituary
joan cooney, your empathy and love for others inspired us all and will continue to do so in our memory of you. obituary
george cooney, your nature of caring for others and supporting them  when in need serves as an exemplary example for the rest of us in our memory of you.obituary
bill mckeever, we'll remember you as a strong supporter of truth and rightful thinking and an opponent to sin and wrongful thinking. obituary
elizabeth edwards, you were a faithful prayer warrior and a most gracious host at your annual woodward cruise partys. obituary
guy mastrangel, you were the commodore, keeping our ship straight in the battle. obituary
don bridenstine, you were an intrepid prayer warrior, fighting in spite of your breathing challenges. obituary
don mckeever, we'll remember you for praying for truth and a deeper awareness of sin. obituary
fred arganoza, thank you for standing up for the defenseless unborn babies. obituary
don mcsween, we'll remember you as a strong and compassionate fighter for the unborn. obituary, the detroit news, oct 14,  2012. 
ed starrett, you were a good defender of the unborn. it is an honor to have known you. obituary, the detroit news, april 7,  2009. 
connie mckeever, we will remember your pleasant and caring personality in the struggle to support human life and defend unborn babies. obituary
mike stack, your leadership, dedication and hard work in the pro-life movement is an inspiration to us all. obituary
terry klink, your strong will and firm beliefs served well in the fight for innocent human life. we'll remember you always. obituary
betty klink, your steadfast support of the unborn and commitment to the catholic faith and moral principles is an inspiratin to us all. obituary
don defauw, your strong faith and pro-life commitment will always be remembered. obituary
joe st aubin, your kindness and helpfulness to those in need will remain in our memories. obituary
dan peper, your strong pro-life initiative and perservance are most memorable to us. obituary
lucy mastrangel, we will always remember your kindness and strong commitment to life. obituary
becky gase, you were a strong and faithful supporter of life and defender of the unborn. we have fond memories of you. obituary
mark gase, we remember you as an intrepid soldier for life, suffering inclement weather in your determination to travel to the battlegrounf by foot and bus. obituary
rev paul c. berg, as a fellow prayer warrior, you encouraged us with your presense and blessings during our spiritual battle to defend unborn babies.obituary

she's the treasure of my life - a touching story by bob collins as reported in the mother and unborn baby care newsletter
prayer to mary from   
evangelium vitae
mother teresa to un conference in beijing  
letter from pope john paul ii to women
representatives and   
senators voting for partial-birth abortion 
reply from pro-life blogger matt walsh to a woman's indisputable prochoice argument.   

al lemmo
abortionism-america's new established state religion
glossary of abortionism, updated nov 1997  
some key dates for pro-life and constitutional educational events by al lemmo
some ideas for slogans, signs, bumperstickers, etc. by al lemmo
cul member al's letters to the editor   
war, emancipation,  
oppression,  
king and roe,  
universal law,  
innocent,  
wedge issue,
how can doctors justify procedure? the michigan catholic,  
roe v. wade,
culture assassins the wanderer,
meat management mentality,
partial-birth abortion lies,
health exception for late-term abortions,
"medicide" the killing of medicine,
proposal b contains many serious flaws,
moral waiver
proposed guest editorials and letters 
abortionism,
abortion and religious freedom,
cultural imperialism,
democrats and division,
faith in god - the foundation of our freedoms,
holistic environmentalism,
media and abortion violence,
partial-birth abortion lies,
republicans do not prefer smaller government 2,
roe v. wade,
the democrats and black poverty,
why i am a republican
the 2002 email campaign to prevent the election of the repulsive and scandalous jennifer granholm as governor of michigan
al1 round 2 rape faith.html,
al2 round 2 religion.html,
al3 round 2 terms slogans letters.html ,
al4 round 2 war.html,
al5 round 2 exec rev.html,
al6 round 2 media lies.html,
al7 round 2 democrats envir poverty.html,
al8 round 2 abortion aftereffects feminism.html,
al9 round 2 assisted suicide cloning misc.html,
al10 round 2 recommendations conclusion feedback request.html
executive review by al lemmo
political strategy (power point presentation) by al lemmo
the rape exception by al lemmo
abortion and religious freedom
religious dimensions common to human rights abuses with abortion as a case study (openoffice document presentation) by al lemmo  
war on the unborn
chastity pledge
battle hymn of the pro-lifers
statement on doctor-assisted suicide by al lemmo  
speech that bob dole should have delivered by al lemmo
fundraising letter for randall terry's 2012 effort to defeat obama
why do animal rights advocates support abortion? by al lemmo
bill of frights declaration of the principles and premises of the wrong-wing of the american political universe by al lemmo
rejecting the satanic-"democratic" agenda
 - march 2008, al lemmo
a 2012 letter intended for distribution on both sides of one sheet with a copy of the declaration of independence and the constitution. never sent due to printing costs and potential eyestrain. the embedded links may no longer be active.a letter to my precinct
the common good - another view 
, a letter by al lemmo to participants of a conference  on "promoting the common good in michigan" at madonna university in livonia on april 5, 2008.
the essentials of abortionism by al lemmo
interview of al on the rose colombo radio program april 20, 2015. al's segment begins at 28:10 on the progress bar at the top of the page.


poems by cul member laura  
detroit news letters to the editor on partial-birth  
abortion
letter to the editor of the michigan catholic  
about clergy neglect of the abortion issue by cul member bob haak
letter to the editor of the michigan catholic  
that abortion should be the primary concern by cul member alice guardiola letter to the editor of the michigan catholic about
the effectiveness of george w. bush in stopping abortions by george cooney
cardinals' first letter to president clinton regarding  
partial-birth abortion  
cardinals' second letter to president clinton regarding  
partial-birth abortion  
essay on why clinton got the catholic vote  
by j. c. willke, md  
 prayer for the respect of human life by guy, rachel and aaron
life chain in detroit, 1998 as reported by the detroit news
credo article, may 31, 1999, on witnessing by cul members,
detroit news op ed article by larry giroux - al gore’s appearance a travesty for church, sept 10, 1999
letter to the editor of the detroit news concerning division in catholic beliefs - ed starrett
betty klink quoted in the michigan catholic about the latin mass
detroit news article on partial-birth abortion ban which includes several cul members

barb yagley
letter to the michigan catholic, oct 26, 2007, jesus is the answer, by barb yagley
letter to the detroit news, oct 29, 2007, pursue adult cell research, by barb yagley
letter to the michigan catholic, may 8, 2009, 40 days for life, by barb yagley
letter to the oakland press may 18, 2009, the 'safest sex' is abstinence, by barb yagley
letter to the michigan catholic, jun 12, 2009, common ground, by barb yagley
misc letters and commentaries by barb yagley
barb yagley at gary peters townhall aug 2009
opinion in the oakland press, may 27, 2010, legal abortion not needed to reduce mother death rate, by barb yagley
opinion in the oakland press, oct 23, 2010, is abortion killing for social control?, by barb yagley

40 days for life
first 40 days for life article in the michigan catholic, feb 15, 2008
second 40 days for life article in the michigan catholic, feb 20, 2009
third 40 days for life article in the michigan catholic, feb 26, 2010
fall 2012 40 days for life article in the michigan catholic, oct 18, 2012

officials seize medical waste in lathrup village abortion clinic dumpster - detroit news mar 10, 2008
mass for the unborn - oakland press may 4, 2008
and the michigan catholic may 9, 2008
st josephat, "more catholics embrace traditions"  detroit news mar 13, 2009
meditations for pro-life stations of the cross - fr. frank pavone 
sister lois is arrested at notre dame, may 17, 2009
letter to the michigan catholic, jun 5, 2009, perfect deception, by bob roesser
archbishop vigneron leads pro-life prayer vigil nov 21 2009 in front of two detroit area abortion clinics, as reported in the michigan catholic
pro-life director lauds state suit against southfield abortion clinic reported in the michigan catholic, april 10, 2011
an answer to prayer: abortion clinic's license suspended. reported in the michigan catholic, jan 9, 2015




book links

moral question of abortion  
by dr. stephen schwarz,  
table of contents
abortion: questions & answers  
by dr. & mrs. j.c. willke  
abortion and the christian: what every believer should know - by dr. john jefferson davis [1984] (online). sponsored by
christian pro-life books online


we welcome pope john paul ii 

archdiocese of st louis - pastoral visit of pope john paul ii to st.  louis on january 26-27, 1999
american catholic online coverage of visit
sites for his 1995 visit
unofficial pope page
new jersey online
catholic   
information center
virtual visit
the newark-star   
ledger
booklet containing his speeches during visit
other links



the fatima network

the arch of triumph of the immaculate heart of mary and international shrine of the holy innocents. planned to be built in buffalo, new york


the pro-life action league, joe scheidler's organization



lifesite of canada


  
human life international



project rachel program to support post-abortion healing





catholic city - sponsor of various  
catholic web sites  


  
catholic information center on the internet


  
national right to life committee




  
children of the rosary


  
ohio right to life society



sisters of life




  
interlife


  
catholic information network



  
our lady of guadalupe patroness of the americas




  
assumption grotto, detroit mi


  
right to life of michigan


american life league





  
partial-birth abortion act



  
priests for life



  
vatican





  
a window to the womb  
- ultrasound pictures of unborn babies  



  
eternal word television network



  
catholic online




post  
a message to our message wall or   
view the wall.  

email us at b u f f a l o @ m i c h . c o m  (no spaces)


