






wackyb




























skip to content









 


primary menu
home
moderation
contact
write for us
browser compatibility
cookies
 











hottest pussy games you need to play now


13 sep 2022

 vetterne will



looking for something a little more exciting and interactive than snap chat nudes? adult sex games are the hottest new thing, and they’re all over the place. i’ve gathered together some of the best that you can play online, so strap yourselves in and get ready to experience some hot new sensations with these pussy games!
there are literally hundreds of adult sex games on offer now, but most don’t really do anything other than let you wank off – which is fine if you want that sort of thing, but what about when you want something a bit more interactive? well, luckily there are some great options out there for those who like their sex games to be a bit more hands-on.
league of pleasures
the first game i’d recommend checking out is called league of pleasures. this one’s quite simple; you choose from a selection of sexy ladies, then the two of you strip down until you’re both completely naked. then you just have to start touching each other sensually, exploring your bodies and getting turned on by the fact that you’re naked together.
it doesn’t take long before you’ll be kissing passionately, rubbing against each other and trying hard not to cum too early. it’s an incredibly addictive game, and it’s perfect for people looking for something a bit more intimate than porn. there are lots of different girls to try, as well as tons of options for customizing your own character, including skin color, breast size and even genital size!
kate’s diaries
my second recommendation would be kate’s diary, one of the more popular pussy sex games. if you’re into real-life stories where people actually fuck, this game may be right up your alley! here, you’re controlling a young woman named kate, as she experiences her very first sexual encounter with another girl. you control everything, including how far along the story goes, whether or not you let the girl go, and what happens next.
it’s easy to play, and you get to see plenty of hot lesbian action. as you progress through the game, you unlock new scenes and even different endings. it’s a pretty good game, although the graphics could definitely use some work.
realm of sex
another great option would be realm of sex, which comes highly recommended by many erotic game reviewers. this one is similar to kate’s diary, but instead of being focused around female-on-female action, it has a male protagonist. that means you get to play as a guy, and if you’re into playing guys, you’ll have plenty of fun with this one.
in this game, you’re a soldier in a fantasy world full of horny monsters. your goal is to save the world from the evil demon lord, and during your adventures, you meet a cute elf chick named ayla. of course, you want to bang her, so you decide to try and seduce her. she’s a bit shy at first, but once you show her that you’re interested, she warms up quickly.
there’s a lot of dialogue and interaction here, and while the graphics aren’t the greatest, there’s still enough going on to keep things interesting. the story isn’t the best, but it’s good for a quick afternoon distraction.
sexy maid
for my last recommendation, i’d suggest taking a look at sexy maid. this one’s a classic; it’s been around for ages, and it’s always fun. in this game, you play as a wealthy landlord who’s decided to throw a big party for his friends. unfortunately, he’s also got a huge cock, and he ends up fucking the maid (who’s also your wife), without realizing she’s in disguise.
as you might expect, trouble ensues, and the two of them end up having an affair. while this isn’t really a “game” per se, it’s still pretty cool. you can play the entire thing online, and it’s a lot of fun to boot. just make sure you don’t get caught!


 uncategorized  



 

3 make-believe games from your childhood


2 nov 2020

 vetterne will



remember the days where the only games you played solely relied on your imagination and sense of humor? 
it’s crazy to think that we used to transform any environment, object, and idea into a “real life” crisis and thoroughly enjoyed it.
not too positive what kind of made up games kids play nowadays, but i know that they will never compare to the adrenaline-rushing excitement of the games below.
hot lava:
there was nothing scarier than the lava monsters inhabiting your entire living room. usually, you’re not allowed to jump on the furniture but what else could you do but jump back and forth when there is burning hot lava under you. 
before you knew it, your mind tricks you, and the lava starts splashing while the monsters are multiplying leading to more chaos and screaming.
if your neighbors didn’t know any better, they would think that your family had some serious issues. a game worth remembering, with no real logic but who needs that anyways.
stepping on a crack:
this game is a little twisted, and i’m not too sure how “step on a crack, and you’ll break your mother’s back” became a thing. i feel sorry for the parents that would witness their children purposely step on the crack in hopes they get injured. the game expanded beyond the parent’s backs to anyone you felt the slightest bit angry towards that day.
very grateful that it’s not real or there would be a lot of broken backs out there right now. a game that helps you watch where you’re walking until you look up and realize you passed your destination five blocks earlier.
boogie man:
similar to hide n seek you would choose someone to transform into their scariest boogie man impersonation and try to find you. 
sometimes you would even play it in the dark but probably only when your older siblings or friends forced you to. for some reason, we found excitement in getting the shit scared out of us and that’s exactly what this game did.
you thought you had the best hiding spot until they popped their head under your bed where you accidentally flinch and punch them in the eye. 
being the boogie man can be just as scary at times when you slowly make your way into a room poking your head in the most bizarre places just to make sure someone didn’t morph their body into the tiny cracks.
even though creative abilities are dimmed growing up, it doesn’t take away from all of the priceless memories from playing them. guarantee if we had added a little liquor and sleep deprivation we could fully convert back to those child-like minds, screaming about how hot the lava still is.
it’s nice to take a trip down memory lane, remembering the games that kept us livelily and drove our parents insane. 
we have to make sure we teach our kids these, so we have an excuse to jump on the furniture and hide out for a while.liked this article? then check out the video below!






 games  



 

7 roadtripping games you need to play


2 nov 2020

 vetterne will



there comes a time in your life you have to grab the necessities and get the hell out of town for a while. 
the music, snacks, and company make the road trip worthwhile but adding in these games makes the drive much more enjoyable.
regardless if it’s an hour or twelve, there’s enough time to play one of these, if not all of them because games are fun and when you’re having fun it makes everything worth it.
chinese fire alarm game:
so you’re a bit of daredevil and want to test the odds of being honked, screamed and possibly injured for this ridiculous game. it is entirely worth it because the adrenaline rush you receive once you get into another spot is worth the spontaneous commotion.
changing things up is a must on a road trip because everyone needs a turn at being the shotgun, dj, and steering the entire damn thing.
movie game:
for all of you movie fanatics, this one is for you because you end up remembering every movie you’ve seen since birth. you have actually to know actor’s names to play, but i’m pretty sure you can just end up describing their face when you have a brain fart.
once an actor/actress is chosen, you have to say a movie they were in and then another actor in the film, so on and so forth. you’ll be surprised how much that big brain of yours will remember when you put it up to the test.
license plate game:
the rules can differ in this game, but the gist is that you either tally or punch, for some of you aggressive players, when you spot a license plate from a different state. you can decide to spot out specific plates too or try to figure out any secret meaning behind the letters and numbers on the plate.
slug bug game:
in this game, you have to pay attention and have a keen eye for any car remotely shaped into the volkswagen bug form. there always comes a time when two people see it at the same time, and both of them end up getting a punch it, defeating the purpose but still a good laugh.
battle of the bands game:
now this gets tricky because you end up being hard core judged on your music tastes but it’s nice to switch up the car dj every once in awhile. 
once the category is decided you get sixty seconds to find the best fit and then get judged on your choice of song. 
a game where you can play some throwbacks and reminisce on all the right music that played before the shit on the radio
word association game:
this game ends up being hilarious because you become fascinated with the weird shit that people associate words with. 
once the first word is started, it usually goes downhill from there as you start screaming out the first bizarre word that comes to mind, often inappropriate.
alphabetical categories game:
this one is harder than it seems when your category is fruit and your letter is x. it’s a fast-paced and hilarious game that makes you feel dumb when you can’t think of the most basic words, and your brain turns to mush the second pressure is on.
for any of you competitive game players, road trip games are strictly for fun so don’t get all butthurt once you realize you suck at the majority of them. 
enjoy your company, snacks, and music, and you’ll reach your destination before you even realize.


 games  



 

3 games you always played in class


2 nov 2020

 vetterne will



it was always so hard to pay attention in class growing up… who am i kidding? it still is! trying to get away with playing these games ended up being more exciting than the game itself.
hang man:
i am not proud of how many men i have hung due to this game because i could not, for the life of me, or his, figure out the stupid phrases. 
it’s hard not to overthink when random letters start appearing on the paper and you start repeating all the vowels as you begin to panic.
the highlight of this game is when the lightbulb finally goes off in your head realizing the phrase is an inside joke or something so stupid you would have been legit pissed if you didn’t get it.
such a fun way to completely ignore your teacher and entertain yourself by coming up with a funny word/phrase in hopes that the hanging man runs out of limbs to be hung so you can win.
tic tac toe:
the fact that there is a strategy to this game makes me laugh because i always went straight for the middle spot and then it would always go downhill from there. i had no game plan but to focus on getting three in a row instead of blocking my partner.
it blew my mind when my opponent had two options of winning on either side, so it didn’t matter what my next move was. my x could have taken up the entire paper, and they would still find a way around it to win.
the rules would slowly turn into best three out of five then your whole study guide was filled with giant xs and o’s.
mash:
this game was all about fantasizing and romanticizing your future. your goal was to marry your crush and drive a bmw to your law firm before making your way home to your mansion with three kids. 
if only it were that easy to get everything you want by blindly choosing options on a piece of paper.
the best part is when your best friend threw in a couple of options for each category and purposely chose the most repulsive spouses, jobs, and cars. you ended up having a mini panic attack when you thought your future could consist of marrying the class clown while working as a janitor and living in a shack with your thirteen kids.
the entire game was unrealistic, but it didn’t stop you from playing whenever you got the chance. let’s face it; your wants did change on the daily at that age.
reminiscing on these games is a good reminder that you should tap into your kid’s side every once in a while. 
guarantee if you whip out a piece of paper and start playing these games you will be in for a night of fun and laughter.
heck, you might even remember the ideal life you wanted when you were in middle school, thanking the universe it didn’t give you what you thought you wanted.want to learn more about games from the past? check out the video below!


 games  



 

top adult games for all


2 oct 2020

 vetterne will



the thought may have crossed your mind every now and then, but it was just for a moment and you never gave it any credence. 
it seemed outlandish, and no one would ever try to do it.well, it turns out you’re wrong.that thought was about adult games – sex video games – and while it may not have been a reasonable thing a decade ago, it’s now totally possible and totally real.oh, and they’re free. yeah, f-r-e-e, free.these aren’t just adult versions of sims with equally terrible graphics or anything like that; some of them are actually parodies of other games, and they make it work.you can play grand fuck auto, where you do things similar to how you’d play in grand theft auto, only having sex is added on, and it’s the main focus of the game. instead of robbing people and seeing how long you can last with five stars and cops on your tail, you’re tasked with having as much sex as possible, and you’re free to do it with whoever you want.
learn more about grand fuck auto: https://sexgamesreport.com/grand-fuck-auto/some games limit who you can interact with and talk to; some characters just stand there and do nothing, even if you run into them or say rude things, but not that’s not the case when it comes to grand fuck auto. gfa lets you screw around with anyone you want.then you get to have sex with them.another game that parodies a well-known franchise, call of booty is just like the call of duty first-person shooter games, only instead of wearing cool armor and accessories, every player is completely naked. seems fair enough.as you run around various maps and shoot mercilessly at other players, your virtual private parts are going to be visible to everyone; in call of duty, headshots will get you killed, while in call of booty, one well-placed bullet to the nuts and you’re done.if you’re into comics, then this next free adult game is the one you’ll love: hard knight rises. obviously, it’s a play on the dark knight rises, a batman video game that has been very successful in the competitive gaming industry.in this free adult game, you’re tasked with fucking up the bad guys in more ways than one. first, you get to beat the crap out of them, just like you do in dark knight rises; after that, you get to have sex with anyone you want, whether it’s the evil henchman’s girl or some random chick you save in a dark alley.you’re the hard knight, so you get to choose.a third offering, although not the last, is a game entitled the guido brothers. 
these two rambunctious plumbers with incredible libidos are on a mission to rescue the princess, a princess who’s been captured so many times by now you’d think they’d have just let her get kidnapped once and for all and been done with her.when you finally beat the final boss and rescue her, now the guido bros have to duel to see who gets to have sex with the princess.by now you’re surely wondering where you can play these games. fortunately for you, they’re all located in the same place, and you can play each of them for free; how do you like them apples?this magical place where free adult games exist is called easysexgames.com.easy to remember, easy to play.well, what are you waiting for, go over there and play those free adult games!


 games  







search for:





recent posts


hottest pussy games you need to play now
september 13, 2022


3 make-believe games from your childhood
november 2, 2020


7 roadtripping games you need to play
november 2, 2020


3 games you always played in class
november 2, 2020


top adult games for all
october 2, 2020





 









archives

september 2022
november 2020
october 2020





archives

september 2022
november 2020
october 2020





archives

september 2022
november 2020
october 2020








powered by wordpress .theme: colorist by webulous themes 




















