




 | oak creek marketplace, inc.



































home
about us
contact us
mall


rss
log in

























about usoak creek marketplace, inc

company overview:
oak creek marketplace offers a complete solution to assist in your print and web communications. from printed materials to internet solutions, the design team at oak creek marketplace will listen to your needs and budget and then develolp a plan to help you meet your goals.
nancy haberman, creative director, has been working as a digital artist and publication designer since 1985, founding desktop design, a full service graphic design studio in the same year. she has worked as a consultant and advisor to several large corporations, including apple computer, inc., british airways and schlumberger. she has taught computer graphics and publication design at moorpark college since 1993.
oak creek printworks, founded in 2003, provides resources and services for artists who want to market their art. we transform art into matted prints, greeting cards, note cards, bookmarks and other items that can be sold at fairs, exhibits, boutiques, fund raisers, and retail locations. packaging and presentation materials are available in our online store.
to that end oak creek printworks offers the following:

marketplace
entrepreneurs anxious to start selling online can take benefit by a “storefront” in the oak creek marketplace mall, providing a portal to your website, along with a blog for the purpose of offering news about and promoting the mall stores. marketplace entrepreneurs reap the benefits of increased traffic because we’re continuously optimizing our pages for hundreds of the top search engines. don’t have a store, but want one? we can help with that, too.


workshops
keeping up with each new technological advance and learning the new software can be a daunting task for anyone, let alone those of us who are right-brainers. that’s what prompted us to help artists with the transition.


blog
the oak creek printworks blog is a place where artists of all types can interact with our staff and other readers of the blog. we encourage readers to participate by sharing card-making, printmaking, and art blogging passions with each other and readers at large. use it as a forum for discussion and information exchange, or for just plain showing off!
the blog is a place where artists, both aspiring and established, can get useful information, follow along with tutorials, and hopefully pick up some card-making, printing, presentation and packaging tips so it’s not necessary to reinvent the marketing wheel. we encourage you to submit your artwork and share your presentation and packaging ideas.


gallery
the gallery is a creative community environment where artists can organize and present their portfolios to a global audience. artists share this creative space with others from all over the world who are participating in online exhibits, contests, and fund raising opportunities. links from the gallery back to artists’ websites bring new traffic.


featured artist
all oak creek gallery artists with an active and updated gallery are considered as featured artist applicants. to choose the quarterly featured artist, we look for images that are strong enough to stand alone, while also working in sets, demonstrating the artist’s ability to focus on a theme that can translate to a set of greeting cards.
featured artist’s are chosen quarterly and have their work presented on the cover and center spread of our catalog, both print and electronic. the featured artist also gets a spot on our website, as well as the printworks blog, where they have the opportunity to talk about their featured artwork. we also provide a link to the artist’s choice of url. as a bonus, oak creek printworks awards the featured artist a $100 credit in products and services (including printing services).


store products:
artists creating greeting cards and matted prints will find a variety of packaging, presentation, and marketing solutions for creating and selling artwork at the oak creek printworks store. if you don’t see what you’re looking for, let us help, and we’ll make every attempt to locate a source and send your products in time for your important event.


printing and reproduction
we print in house with high-end digital lasers and work with outside vendors on a multitude of different printing and reproduction solutions. if we can’t do the job for you, we’ll refer you to someone who can!


facebook page:
http://www.facebook.com/oakcreekprintworks










copyright © 2003-2025 oak creek marketplace, inc. all rights reserved
home | 
			about us | 
			
contact us | 
			mall | 
			rss
website by oak creek marketplace inc.








