





 » mo’s smokehouse bbq » mo bbq please!






























 











smokehouse



you belong here in
pismo beach
other locations ▾



                locations neareast to you
                

chico
pismo beach

see all locations 






check out our
menu


pismo beach
chico



pismo beach
805-773-6193
221 pomeroy ave. pismo beach, ca 93449

map





catering


0

shop



contact us






































































get saucy
you know you want to
shop










we'll handle the catering
you handle the good times...












$10 gift certificate –  mo bucks
$10

 





jug of sauce – sweet carolina’s


 





case of bottles – sweet carolina’s


 





$5 gift certificate –  mo bucks
$5

 







mo mo's

shop














just say mo: our story.






more than 20 years ago, i set off with a good buddy to find out what real, authentic american barbecue was about. i decided to open a restaurant and i wanted it to be the best bbq on the west coast. my friend and i made the quintessential road-trip, a 3500 mile swing through the “bbq belt,” visiting 10 states and more than 80 restaurants. 


southern hospitality was experienced in joints, dives and restaurants where we were given recipes, tips, techniques, instructions and a whole lot of inspiration! everywhere we stopped we bought an antique chair for mo's smokehouse.

            i brought it all home, whipped up some of my own original bbq magic and created mo’s smokehouse bbq. since that trip, mo’s has opened three restaurant locations in california, won numerous blue ribbons in cook-offs and fed a whole lot of folks mouth-watering, slow-smoked barbecue.
          


our four original bbq sauces - original, hot and sweet carolina - taste great and compliment pork, beef and chicken. come visit us in san luis obispo, pismo beach or chico to try our bbq and sauces. one taste and you will just say, 
mo bbq please!
-mo











home
menu
shop
contact us
about us
 






© 2025 mo's bbq
#justsaymoslo
















































