



book publisher | poetry & short fiction publisher | bitter oleander press












































































the bitter oleander press
4983 tall oaks drive · fayetteville, new york 13066-9776 · info@bitteroleander.com
recognized as best literary journal for 2005 by public radio's - "the poet and the poem's" tenth annual award for excellence in print





home
submissions
current feature
issues
books
new releases
view cart
contest
links
contact us

menu




 



our current poetry publications

come closerby laurie blauner
come closerby laurie blauner


book of lamentationsby red hawk
book oflamentationsby red hawk


blue swan black swan: the trakl diariesby stephanie dickinson
the trakl diariesstephanie dickinson


angel trumpets
angel trumpetsby jeff royce


gathering sunlightby silvia scheibli & patty dickson pieczka
bysilvia scheibli & patty dickson pieczka


outside by andré du bouchet
outside byandré du bouchet


dreams the stones have by david chorlton
dreamsthe stones haveby david chorlton


the butterfly cemetery by franca mancinelli
the butterfly cemeteryselected prose (2008-2021)by franca mancinelli



home of fine poetry collections and the bitter oleander:
a journal of contemporary international
poetry & short fiction
the bitter oleander press has been providing the poetry reading public with a highly deep-image driven poetry since 1974. we publish those works whose imaginations open our eyes to a world we thought we knew but were mistaken. a world that our habits, our education, our routines, and our beliefs blind us from everyday.
published in english, most if not all of our translations include their originals. we demand a serious poetry. a poetry devoid of clichés and predictable twists of well-worn or entrenched truths. we prefer a heightened music driven by a profound linguistic rhythm. we strive to preclude the conventional issues and sentiments on which mainstream poetry thrives, with a poetry not only rich in its imagination but one that treats words as sacred rather than vehicles to the same intersections and experiences over and over again. 


the bitter oleander press is a proud member ofcommunity of literary magazines and presses
the books our press publish have a special emphasis on contemporary poets in translation in order for our readership to access poets whose work, though honored and significant in their own cultures and countries, has yet to emerge in our own. this ongoing effort has included such international poets as benjamin perèt (france), joyce mansour (france), nicomedes suárez-araúz (bolivia), alberto blanco (mexico), philippe rahmy (switzerland), jacques dupin (france), kristiina ehin (estonia), ana minga (ecuador), josé-flore tappy (switzerland), karl krolow (germany), hai zi (china), salvador novo (mexico), eunice odio (costa rica), nora iuga (romania), pierre voélin (switzerland), christine lavant (austria), franca mancinelli (italy), carsten rené nielsen (denmark), marie lundquist (sweden), andré du bouchet (france), salgado maranhão (brazil), and riad saleh hussein (syria).
please contact us first before sending any book-length unsolicited manuscripts or go to contest in the header above to see our guidelines for our annual library of poetry award (boplopa).
because we are open to submissions from all cultures, people and languages, we regard their investment of time spent submitting and creating to be very critical. we pride ourselves on answering every request, every order, every submission, every letter of gratitude and annoyance personally because we feel there's absolutely no substitute for that one-to-one exchange which can and should take place between editor and writer. building this bond strengthens the importance such interaction can have on one's work and on one's publication. we're indebted to all those poets and writers for making us what we are and for all the trust they continue to place in us.

 


© the bitter oleander press
 ·  design: rainbow graphics
you are visitor # .  thank you for your interest in us.
poetry international
bitter oleander press
poetry
poetry contemporary
poetry international
poetry latin america
poetry european
immanentism
prose poetry
imagistic poetry
imaginative poetry
poetry award
poetry competition
poetry translations
fiction translations
deep image poetry
flash fiction
short fiction
fiction
poet interviews
surrealism
books in translation
print journal
the bitter oleander press | 
poetry reading | 
new york | 
new york reading | 
new york poetry reading | 
new york poetry reading readings | 
poetry | 
the bitter oleander press | 
poetry reading | 
reading poems | 
reading | 
poetry reading | 
reading | 
imagination | 
awards |
roth | 
roth | 
interviews |
writers poetry | 
reading | 
poetry reading | 
bitter oleander press | 
reading poetry reading | 
poets | 
good poetry | 
readers | 
authors | 
unknown poets | 
writer new york | 
new york poetry contest |  
new york poets | 
poetry reading new york | 
new york poets | 
new york readers | 
new york writers | 
writers |  
new york authors | 
new york unknown poets | 
new york writers

