


























	fema national disaster & emergency management university (ndemu)






skip to main content









            an official website of the united states government
          

            here’s how you know
          


here’s how you know









 official websites use .gov 

              a .gov website belongs to an official government
              organization in the united states.
            






 secure .gov websites use https 

              a lock (
              
lock
a locked padlock

              ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to
              the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official,
              secure websites.
            














menu






get startedndemu schoolsoverviewthe emergency management institutethe school of disaster leadershipthe school of national resiliencecurriculum & programsmore resourcesabout ndemufrequently asked questionsour history - 70 years of trainingcontact ndemuabout ndemu





search small

search










the national disaster & emergency management university


the emergency management institute is growing as the national disaster & emergency management university to meet the changing needs of the emergency management field and the security of our homeland








elevating emergency management

our nation faces an ever-changing homeland security risk environment, and the profession of emergency management must evolve to meet it. the nation needs well-trained emergency management personnel, strategic leadership, and innovation. fema’s national disaster & emergency management university ensures we continue to build a diverse pipeline of talent and depth of knowledge to proactively face current and future threats and hazards.
since its founding as the civil defense staff college in 1951, fema’s emergency management institute (emi) has evolved to meet the needs of a changing world. today, in response to a global pandemic, more frequent severe weather emergencies, and domestic threats, emi is transforming into the national disaster & emergency management university (ndemu). this transformation reflects our commitment to meet the changing needs of the emergency management field and the security of our homeland.



evolving the field into a profession

ndemu brings together emergency management professionals, strategic thinkers, policymakers, academics, and researchers to create a comprehensive training, professional development, and education continuum. this continuum will support professionals from the beginning of their careers to the most senior executive levels, addressing training and education gaps and elevating the field into a recognized profession. 
the transformation into a university aims to meet the needs of emergency managers and the larger responder community by providing training at any point in people’s careers, and at a location or setting that suits them.  by equipping future generations of emergency management professionals with the knowledge, skills, and expertise needed to confront evolving threats and hazards ensures that the united states remains secure and resilient in the face of disasters and emergencies, safeguarding lives, livelihoods, and critical infrastructure. it will also highlight fema’s long-term investment in the nation's security and resilience.



university framework 

the shift towards the ndemu involves moving from a technical training focus toward a traditional university structure to be comprised of three specialized schools supporting different emergency management career paths and specialized communities: the emergency management institute; school of disaster leadership; and school of national resilience.






emergency management institute







building the next generation


emi school






school of disaster leadership







advancing foundations


sodl school






school of national resilience







strengthening the whole community


sonr school







benefits









capacity building
ndemu will strengthen the capabilities of emergency management professionals and the broader community by offering targeted training programs, certificate, and practical applications designed to enhance disaster resilience and response.









center for strategic thinking
ndemu will serve as the epicenter for strategic thinking in disaster and emergency management, uniting experts and thought leaders to develop innovative strategies and solutions for addressing evolving threats and challenges.









enhancing the stature of the emergency management field
ndemu will elevate emergency management into a recognized profession through comprehensive education, professional development, and the promotion of research and innovation, ensuring a continuum of learning from entry-level to executive leadership.






expanded curriculum

the transformation to ndemu will allow for stronger collaboration and partnerships among government agencies, academia, and non-profit organizations. these partnerships will facilitate knowledge exchange, resource sharing, and coordinated response efforts, strengthening the nation's overall resilience to disasters and emergencies. 
the university will expand curricula to fill known knowledge gaps tailored to the diverse needs of emergency management professionals. 
specialized certificates supporting professional development pathways will be used as a means of growing the profession: the transformation of fema's emi into a university will enable a more highly recognized and new set of certificates tailored to the diverse needs of emergency management professionals.



register & join today

in this 2024 year of resilience, engage with ndemu’s new opportunities. please register to take courses here to learn more about how together we are transforming to meet the needs of emergency managers anywhere they are, anytime in their career, and on any platform.
join us in shaping the future of emergency management education. we welcome your support as we work to enhance the stature of the emergency management profession through ndemu.
reach out to explore ndemu’s programs that academic partners can take advantage of and how we can work together to educate the emergency management workforce and create a more resilient world.
get started now





return to top






get started


ndemu schools


curriculum & programs


more resources


about ndemu

















facebook




instagram




twitter




youtube




linkedin




newsletter






contact ndemu
















training.fema.gov

                        an official website of the u.s. department of homeland security









accessibility
accountability
careers
civil rights
contact us
foia
glossary
no fear act
plug-ins
privacy
report disaster fraud
website information
dhs.gov
usa.gov
inspector general












