






pneumatic safety and hydraulic safety | ross

































americas +
english
español

















account


view cart


sign in
sign up








menu







products
industries
safety
support
contact





account


view cart


sign in
sign up
















menu



















innovating  fluid control solutions  for a safer tomorrow





valves



safety



press control



air preparation

















products



3d models



documentation



find a distributor







global leader in fluid power safety
pneumatic, hydraulic, and electrical








pneumatic and hydraulic safety services and training
machine safety services include conformity audits, lockout audits, apm audits, risk assessments, safety mitigation plan development, and validation of safety systems.









electrical safety
the electro-guard plus remote alternative lockout systems streamline operator lockout/tagout procedures and safely isolate hazardous electrical, pneumatic, and hydraulic energy for zones, machines, or processes to ensure secure access. dual-channel low-voltage safety switches can be locked to provide alternative lockout and conveniently placed in various locations throughout the hazardous area, forming a single-point lockout system. additionally, e l-o-x energy isolation devices offer local electrical energy isolation and verification. you can be confident ross will always meet your electrical safety requirements.









hydraulic safety
hydraulic systems pose potential hazards due to their high operating power. for increased hydraulic safety and reliability in production tasks requiring safe access, hydraulic safety valves like block and bleed or block and stop valves can be utilized. ross offers a variety of functions, including redundant 3/2 hydraulic safety valve systems designed for safe block & bleed, safe block & stop, and dual safe block & stop applications. trust ross for all your hydraulic safety requirements.









pneumatic safety
the ross pneumatic safety valves are advanced valves specifically designed to regulate fluid power energy in accordance with contemporary safety guidelines for control reliability. these valves facilitate the removal, supply, and trapping of energy to ensure the utmost pneumatic safety in operations. the functions of ross pneumatic safety valves encompass lockout/energy isolation, safe exhaust, safe air entry, safe return, safe control and stop, and safe load holding. additionally, we offer engineered pneumatic safety solutions suitable for application in explosion-proof and intrinsically safe hazardous areas.
















customer defined application solutions with ross/flex®
when you need the function of a standard product in a different package, ross/flex® is the answer. we’ll work directly with your engineering team to design the optimum solution, and then by repackaging the existing internal parts of our standard products, we eliminate the need for life-cycle testing. our ross/flex® solutions are built to reduce costs, improve productivity, and provide a unique solution that is manufactured to your requirements but is developed in days, rather than weeks or months.
learn more






ross industries & applications
promoting pneumatic, hydraulic, and electrical safety across industries worldwide








pneumatic, hydraulic, and electrical safety
ross can enhance job safety in the pneumatic, hydraulic, and electrical safety sectors, safeguard customer machinery investments, and boost efficiency through pneumatic valve solutions and enrollment in our comprehensive total machine safety course.
learn more









glass service
ross can help you optimize your production processes and strengthen your position in the worldwide “glass community”.
learn more









press metal forming
ross, the first valve manufacturer to introduce double valve technology to the press industry, continues to develop products for press line applications and press related systems.
learn more









automotive industry
ross provides robust solutions for the automotive industry that improve system reliability and reduce total system costs.
learn more









assembly & test
ross can help you achieve your production, cost, and safety goals with standard components and custom solutions for your assembly and test application.
learn more









packaging industry
from standard components to custom solutions, ross offers products for your packaging applications that can help you achieve your production, cost, and safety goals.
learn more









medical industry
ross can provide standard valves to custom solutions for your medical industry applications, including oxygen concentrators, dental, blood pressure, therapeutic, and medical bed equipment.
learn more









metals industry
ross has an experienced global network of fluid power experts to assist customers in solving challenges associated with the harsh environments of the aluminum smelter and steel industries and providing proven solutions to increase uptime and productivity.
learn more



















globally recognized in the fluid power industry since 1921
ross controls has experienced engineers & professionals all around the globe available to create a solution that meets your business requirements


ross and concern for safe manufacturing environments go hand in hand. ross has been a leader in engineering and manufacturing safe, energy-efficient pneumatic, hydraulic, and electrical controls, safety valves, and other fluid power components across the globe for decades. in some of the most safety-critical pneumatic valve applications in manufacturing, ross continues to help make jobs safer for workers, protect our customers’ investments in machinery, and increase productivity.
learn more



















ross global
|
terms & conditions
|
cautions & warnings
|
data privacy
copyright © 2025 ross controls. all rights reserved.







ross controls uses cookies

we utilize cookies to personalize and enhance your overall experience on our website. when you select "accept all cookies", you are agreeing to our use of cookies. you may customize what cookies you accept by selecting the "settings" link below. please read the cookies section in our data privacy policy for more details or to make changes to your settings selection.

california residents: please review the california privacy rights section in our privacy policy.








statistics cookies

these cookies help us improve and optimize our website by tracking user behavior.









optional cookies

these cookies help you navigate our website by supplying optimized recommendations based on your preferences.






functionality cookies
these cookies enhance the functionality and convenience of our website, including experiences such as automatic log in which utilizes encrypted user data.





accept all cookies


settings
save







