







neighbourgood - stay, work & experience cape town, south africa




























































0








        skip to content
      



























        stay
      



        work
      



        experience
      













                    enquire now
                  






open menu
close menu




























        stay
      



        work
      



        experience
      













                    enquire now
                  






open menu
close menu
























                  stay
                





                  work
                





                  experience
                






                enquire now
              

















welcome to
















    book now
  














our mission















we create connected spaces where good people belong and thrive.


























stay  |  work  |  experience















connected living



we build thoughtfully designed, all-inclusive living spaces that offer our guests exceptional amenities and a connected community for the modern traveller.




    stay
  















inspired workspaces



our workspace and work club facilities offer an inspired environment built for collaboration and productivity, designed to allow you and your business to grow.




    work
  















events & experiences



experience the city like a local. we offer personalised experiences and facilitate meaningful connections in extraordinary places, creating a community & sense of belonging.




    experience
  














good words from our community















"very friendly staff! the location is great. everything you need is just outside your door. it can easily become a home away from home. they have great amenities!
lesedi mokgautsineighbourgood newlands











"the only tour you need in cape town: the peninsula experience. easily the best day tour i've done anywhere! a packed full day of terrific stops along a ridiculously scenic route. "
maroosh depeninsula roadtrip experience











"superb communication. superb staff, friendly security, spacious well designed room. one of the best inner city hotel stays for a quick night away we’ve had."
brett lancasterneighbourgood 84 harrington











"great place to stay for a month or more with a convenient cafe at your doorstep and coworking space. highly recommended for remote workers looking for a community vibe and place to feel at home."
tyler taboadaneighbourgood hill











"so much effort has gone into this space to make it amazing. the space is bright and spacious, inspiring me to give my best at work every day. i love the energy at the workspace, the staff are helpful, and the wifi is incredibly reliable."
rudi witkowskyneighbourgood cape quarter workspace











"we had such a brilliant stay. accommodation is well located - close to restaurants, the wine tram, and an awesome coffee shop next door. the loft apartment is well thought out and spacious, incredibly comfortable bed."
robert starkeneighbourgood de wet







































































our neighbourhoods















84 harrington











hill











newlands











romney











ravenscraig











napier











cape quarter living











1st crescent











east city











113 loop











mission - usa











bree workspace











cape quarter - workspace











84 harrington - workspace











de wet, franschhoek











gables, franschhoek











castle



















































































download the the good guide








discover | connect | experience



discover the best things to do in the city, connect and chat to fellow neighbours, and receive 20% off when booking our neighbourgood accommodation and tours.











































































































head office105 hope street, gardenscape town, 8001south africa contact ushello@neighbourgood.co+27 (0)21 140 6778 



discover get in touchinvestpartnerpodcastblogcareersfood & beverage



usa office2072 mission st , 14, san francisco, california 94110contact us hello@neighbourgood.co+1 (650) 248 0753



get socialinstagramtik tokfacebooklinkedineventscommunity



© 2025 neighbourgood. all rights reserved. privacy policy. electronic communications disclaimer.






















