



tanja baumann fitness consultant









skip navigation







translation



search
site www
 



tanja baumann
fitness consultant

tanja baumann fitness consultant


fitness consultant
low graphics
german - deutsch


site map 1 »consultant home
personal training
fitness / health academy
fitness shop
athlete videos / slide shows
contact tanja
about tanja
help / f.a.q.
consultant home
personal trainer »german - deutsch training online
cost: how much?
disclaimer
registration
student advice
fitness academy »workouts for
adults & teens
training / exercise routines, fitness tips / rss
shop: dvd / photos »home workout dvd / in shape video preview
fitness model photo galleries
 fitness feed en
championship titles »world champion / miss millennium aerobic fitness, swiss aerobics champion / miss fitness switzerland
- action videos / slide shows
facts about tanja »personal info.
prof. qualifications
contact tanja »client references
privacy policy
help / f.a.q.


site map 2 »news
media
wff ch
slide shows
miss fitness
links directories
news »site updates
press releases
championship news
miss fitness
slide shows
fitness media »performance videos
german - deutsch - articles & interviews
wff switzerland
international links
usa links


deutsche seiten
fitness- beratung
persönlicher trainer
 fitness-feed de


 
 
 




regular exercise & healthy food = fitness, health & weight control!


want to:

exercise & work out at home?
tone & define your muscles?
burn fat & lose excess weight?
in shape dvd fitness facts & video preview » home workout information
aerobic fitness definition / exercise program
buyers feedback / comments





add dvd
in shape
to your
shopping cart
€14.99 + postage
    
no credit card?
no problem!
see bank transfer information


 






new page: me/cfs life guide
recent media article:

living with me/cfs




content


training philosophy
services overview
fitness athlete and
competitor services
about tanja baumann


training philosophy
as a fitness consultant, my job is to guide and help you or your organization to achieve your personal or corporate health and fitness goals. my training philosophy is:

i believe in the natural way to health and fitness.
fitness should be fun and enjoyable - a part of your daily healthy living routine.
there are no short-cuts, special formulas or magic diets to get - and keep - you fit and in good health.
healthy food, plain old-fashioned hard work, effort, determination and motivation are what you need.
most important of all: learn to love and accept the person you are on the inside!

let's get fit!
love, tanja
fitness consultant services overview

this site covers the fitness, training and athlete services that i provide.
take your time, view the main service group pages and select the link associated with each main service group:

personal fitness trainer: book me to achieve your personal health and fitness goals in switzerland or online.
fitness shop:

buy fitness workout dvd in shape and exercise in the privacy and comfort of your own home;
order fitness model photos in the photo galleries.


fitness and health academy: stay
fit and healthy with -

workouts for men, women and children in my studio;
training routines and fitness tips in the aerobic exercise and fitness library;
the  rss fitness feed.


contact / book me to:

get your fitness and health questions answered;
view my client references;
promote your product, service, or aerobic fitness, bodybuilding or fitness championship.


privacy policy: what we do - and don't do - with your personal information.

fitness athlete and competitor services

fitness news: news, site updates and championship information;
fitness media: articles, interviews and performance - «kür» - videos;
usa links directory and international links
directory: 18 useful categories in aerobic fitness, bodybuilding, aerobics and health, all human-edited;
wff world fitness federation: join now to
compete in international fitness and bodybuilding championships;
miss and mr. fitness switzerland: athlete training to compete and win titles in swiss
championships;
fitness model: photo slide shows.

about tanja


i live, studied and was educated in   switzerland;
i am a certified international level fitness educator;
as a competing sport aerobic athlete, i won 7 world and swiss championship
titles.





 
photos: paul seewer | stephan ziegler | kilian kessler


© tanja baumann 1996 - 2021
site updated: monday, 05-apr-2021 10:24:25 edt



