






libertas care services lincolnshire







































 








skip to content



























menu 
homeservicesjobsnewscontact




















 






















helping people live independently with exceptional, personalised care at home











we help the people of lincolnshire maintain a high quality of life by delivering flexible and tailored care at home.
our friendly carers work with individuals and families to ensure the service we deliver meets their changing needs.










looking for care











looking for care work

























care where you want it most, at home











when things get difficult at home, one of the first things to suffer can be our independence, we are often less able to do some of the things we like to do. this is where libertas can help.






from a trusted care provider






we have 17 years of experience supporting both adults and older people in lincolnshire. we work effectively with clients, their families and our staff to support people where and when they need it most - in their own house or getting out and about in the community.




















your career in care











thinking of a career in care?
learn what skills are vital to thrive in this rewarding sector. we have compiled a list of faqs to help you determine if a career in care is right for you.
find out more or browse our current opportunities.







find out more











be a carer with libertas






libertas carer, debbie, talks about working in care and why she chose to work for libertas.





































libertas is here to help









home care




libertas can help you stay independent in your own home. our clients often just need a little bit of help or family members acting as carers need respite. libertas can help with many of the things that can get difficult as you get a bit older. we can also support adults with mental health needs, allowing them live full lives of outside care settings.
 







find out more












reablement




if you are recovering from an illness, accident or returning home from hospital you may find if difficult to look after yourself. libertas reablement services offer you a short period of intensive support in your own home. our carers will work with you to regain your ability to carry out daily tasks and reclaim your independence.
 







find out more






















the libertas team











libertas are committed to providing high-quality staff from our management through to care staff on the ground. we train our staff throughout the year, ensuring that they are fully up to date with the latest guidelines and caring techniques.







join the team

































our standards, your assurance











our carers are there to help you, according to your wishes. we guarantee that they will be friendly, reliable and above all professional. we also guarantee your security, safety and independence are never compromised.







our policies and procedures



















tell us about your experience with libertas






we would love to hear your thoughts. whether you are a client, member of staff or part of an organisation we work with, if you have something to say about your experience with libertas, we want to know.







give us your feedback



















where we work






we are a wholly lincolnshire organisation. with offices in sleaford, bourne and louth libertas works closely with lincolnshire county council to provide reablement throughout lincolnshire, and home care services in and around stamford, bourne, sleaford, louth and mablethorpe.
click here to contact us and find out more about what we do, and where.































testimonials










gratitude and praise


i have nothing but gratitude and praise for the help i have been given, the…
read more








fantastic service


all members of staff i’ve met are excellent. fantastic service!
read more












more testimonials











libertas news










libertas care services contracted to support  people across lincolnshire



					2 november 2020				


lincolnshire county council have featured our fantastic reablement services… “libertas care services are contracted to…
read more








new senior delivery manager



					7 october 2020				


we are delighted to welcome vicky stewart to the central team in this pivotal role.…
read more














more news














 














links






privacy policy
disclaimer
cqc





































































133 eastgate, louth
lincs. ln11 9qe
tel: 01507 206666









3 holt house bc, cherry holt road
bourne, lincs, pe10 9lh
tel: 01778 782260









23 northgate, sleaford, ng34 7bx
tel: 01775 888340






© 2025 libertas









 
scroll to top














