





oriental nc real estate – oriental nc waterfront lots and waterfront homes including surrounding pamlico county – waterfront homes and lots in oriental, north carolina and surrounding pamlico county.





































 

all our listings
search mls

waterfront homes – pamlico county
waterfront homes – craven county
advanced search


commercial
rentals

vacation rentals
long-term rentals
commercial rentals


sold
contact & info

contact us
our team
testimonials
real estate knowledge base
info for new residents
pamlico county fishing and hunting report
our blog


oriental nc real estate - oriental nc waterfront lots and waterfront homes including surrounding pamlico countywaterfront homes and lots in oriental, north carolina and surrounding pamlico county.
property types
all our listings in oriental & surrounding pamlico county
lots & land
interior lot, land
boat slip
waterfront lot, land
water view lot & land
water view home
waterfront home
interior home
water access/view home
water access home
commercial property
oriental boat slip
condominium
water access lot, land

locations
oriental
arapahoe
merritt
grantsboro
bayboro
minnesott beach
new bern

bedrooms
3 bedrooms
2 bedrooms
1 bedroom
4 bedrooms

price
under $250k
$250k--$500k
$500k--$750k
$750k and up
over $1 million



$1,995,0006054 dolphin roadoriental, nc 28571view listing$628,000sale pending3004 maritime driveoriental, nc 28571view listing$995,000sold921 arant farm roadmerritt, north carolina 28556view listing
 century 21 sail/loft realty is the oriental waterfront real estate specialist, including surrounding pamlico county.




oriental, nc waterfront homes
oriental, nc waterfront lots & land



with over 30+ years experience in the oriental real estate markets, our team is ready to help you make your home in one of the most beautiful and relaxing places in eastern north carolina.
oriental has only two stoplights in the entire county and more sailboats gracing the waters and shore than people.  oriental offers a laid back and relaxed atmosphere many other eastern north carolina towns desire. locate oriental by clicking on a google map.
with 41% of pamlico county consisting of water, there are endless miles of tranquil creeks and prime waterfront and water access real estate. you'll always find a peaceful place to enjoy the sunrise, sunset, water breezes and abundant wildlife.
choosing the right real estate company to assist you with your move and/or visit to the oriental area is important. you want to be sure you choose the best; and in oriental and pamlico county, that means choosing century 21 sail/loft realty.
whether you are looking for an oriental waterfront home, or are looking to invest in oriental waterfront real estate, our experienced brokers and staff are ready to assist you!
century 21 sail/loft realty has earned a reputation for result-oriented service that no other pamlico county and oriental real estate company in this area can begin to match. don't make a move to oriental or pamlico county without us!
oriental and pamlico county, north carolina - "come for a visit…stay for a lifetime!"



oriental, nc waterfront homes
oriental, nc waterfront lots & land




information-packed real estate articles
vacation homes are becoming a realityby: suzanne gwaltney, associate broker, century 21 sail/loft realty … [read more...]fixed rate loans vs. arm mortgage loansalong with other decisions you will find yourself making while shopping for … [read more...]understanding real estate terminologyby: suzanne gwaltney, associate broker, century 21 sail/loft … [read more...]
emailfacebookyoutube
our team
our blog
real estate knowledge base
info for new residents
testimonials
contact us
copyright © 2025 · sail/loft realty · log in


century 21 sail/loft realty
 1000 broad st., p.o. box 130, oriental, nc 28571
 252-249-1787 
 "each office is independently owned and operated"
©2023 century 21 real estate llc.
 century 21 ® is a registered trademark licensed to century 21 real estate llc. equal housing opportunity.
















