





home page - uniting church australia




















































homeabout usnew to faithwalk with uslend a handtake a standdiscipleshipbaptism recordsagencies & educationstories & newseventsmedia & statementscareerspositions availableboards and committeesministry placementsvolunteeringexpression of interestgive onlinecontact us 



your local church 









homeabout us








new to faithwalk with uslend a handtake a standdiscipleshipbaptism recordsagencies & educationstories & news








eventsmedia & statementscareers








positions availableboards and committeesministry placementsvolunteeringexpression of interestgive onlinecontact us 













                              we are uniting...                          

                              a church centred on jesus christ                          









                              we are uniting …                          

                              a church with purpose                          









                              we are uniting …                          

                              a church on the way                          









                              we are uniting …                          

                              a church with informed faith                          









                              we are uniting …                          

                              a church for all                          








donate now

                moderator's disaster appeal            


                    donate now                



 
following the flooding in north queensland, the moderator’s disaster appeal has been activated to resource the front-line efforts of our congregations and agencies in the affected areas. please consider how you can play your part. (photo: ergon energy)








acknowledgement of country


the uniting church covenant relationship with first peoples is at the heart of our church as we walk together as a family in christ. the synod office is located on the lands of the yuggera and turrbal peoples and we acknowledge the traditional custodians of country where we live and work across the whole queensland synod. we pay respect to elders past, present and emerging as the holders of knowledge, tradition, story and culture and seek to learn from them and work with them in the spirit of reconciliation.
we respectfully advise aboriginal and torres strait islander peoples that this website may contain images, voices, and videos of deceased persons.






faith for a new season



            we are one church active in every queensland community, bearers of christ’s offer of life in all its fullness.           


 



                      walk with us                    

                      our story of mission, discipleship and formation                    


 

 



                      work with us                    

                      committees, careers and volunteers                    


 

 



                      lend a hand                    

                      bequests, scholarships and disaster relief                    


 

 



                      take a stand                    

                      social justice advocacy and action                    


 








subscribe to uniting news
uniting news shares updates and stories from the uniting church in queensland





email


  





















find a church
join a community committed to worship, witness and service.
find a uniting church in your area by searching at the link below.




                        your local church                    

we are uniting









care program
become a pastoral care volunteer




                    learn more                




about us
learn more about the uniting church   




                    learn more                







latest news



              the most recent stories of the uniting church in queensland            




words of a deeper wisdom






reflection - need vision and call






moderator's reflection






camino de santigo: reflections and responses





view all







find a church
join a community committed to worship, witness and service.
worship | youth ministry (12-18yo) | kids ministry (5-11yo) | weekday playgroup




search













                            the uniting church in queensland - bearers of christ’s offer of life in all its fullness, committed to a flourishing future for church and community.                        



queensland synod



                                        careers                                    



                                        contact us                                    




enterprises



                                        alex park conference centre                                    



                                        uniting early learning                                    



                                        raymont residential college                                    



                                        trinity college queensland                                    




national assembly



                                        uca assembly                                    



                                        uaicc website                                    


























                                queensland synod hub                            











gpo box 674 brisbane qld  4001



                                    1300 uca qld                                




created by twentytwo digital





                                    privacy policy                                

copyright uniting church australia © 2025
































