









the midnight cry

































toggle navigation




the midnight cry

home
articles
resources
useful links
contact us
 














home
home



and at midnight there was a cry made, behold, the bridegroom cometh; go ye out to meet him.
matthew 25:6
to the church at the end of the age…
as we enter the last of the last days, the church is experiencing an unprecedented visitation from the lord as he begins to prepare his bride for the soon-to-come marriage supper of the lamb.  this visitation has been called everything from “revival,” to a “bridal outpouring,” to simply, “the house church movement.”
“then all those virgins aroseand trimmed their lamps”certainly it is all of these things, and more than any of these things. it is the greatest transformation the church has known, possibly since apostolic times.
the purpose of this web site is to challenge you to see the purpose of god in this current outpouring, to begin to think in kingdom terms rather than first century terms or 21st century terms, and to avoid the “great delusion” that has been prophesied for our day.
it may be difficult to understand some of the concepts presented here if one does not have a good general understanding of church history.  we have listed some fine resources for learning the truth about church history.  it will also be helpful to read the article “seven letters to seven churches” first, as it sets the backdrop for many of the other articles offered here.  without an understanding of the lord’s own recap of church history, written at the beginning of the church age (as one might expect), one might think we are being too critical of denominations and the traditional, institutional church (ic for short) in general.  but when one is able to put all of the pieces together, we believe many of the things that are happening in the church today, both good and bad, will begin to make more sense.
please feel free to contact us with any questions or feedback you may have.  we represent no particular denomination, movement, or 501(c)3.  therefore, we have no higher agenda than to continue to seek truth and light as the lord may choose to reveal in his own way and through his own chosen instruments.










search for:


search

  recent articles 

mystery of the virgins


the coming great deception


the church in the wilderness


the current bridal outpouring


correspondence with s. r. shearer regarding the rapture


confusion of faces and denominational christianity


how to avoid end-time deception


the end of the world – the day is certain


prophets to no profit (jeremiah 23:31)


if any man preach another eschatology


unraveling the mystery of the trinity


rethinking the rapture issue


seven letters to seven churches


 donate




 




			© 2025 the midnight cry		










