












mayan archaeology in the perspective of art, iconography, epigraphy, architecture, mayan languages, religion including resources for students and scholars, plus photos for visitors to guatemala, belize, mexico, and honduras.






























 







































homelecture programmaya ethnozoologymaya ethnobotanyabout flaara to zcontact us
























































































reports by flaar mesoamerica
on flora & fauna of parque nacional yaxha nakum naranjo
peten, guatemala, central america





















besides maize, beans and squash, what did the classic maya eat?
we now show you hundreds of wild edible plants that require no agriculture.


  posted february 14, 2025
by nicholas hellmuth









download pdf





preview of the feb 19th lecture as an easy download.







there are edible flowers, edible leaves, edible roots and tubers, and obviously edible seeds, nuts and fruits—all from wild tropical plants—that do not require destructive slash-and-burn milpa agriculture.
during many decades the teams of flaar (usa) and flaar mesoamerica (guatemala) have been accomplishing library research and field trips to learn about which wild plants are edible. the parque nacional yaxha, nakum, naranjo asked us to undertake field work on undocumented flora, fauna and ecosystems for a year (circa 2018). the municipio de livingston was so impressed with our findings in peten that they asked us to undertake 18 months of research and field work in izabal, so we did more than a dozen one-week field trips into remote areas of the caribbean coast and found lots of edible and usable palm trees—one had the strongest fibers, so strong they would be amazing for house construction.
then conap (consejo nacional de áreas protegidas) requested a project of coordination and cooperation for five years in the entire reserva de la biosfera maya. we focused on pnynn, panat, and pnlt. in pnynn and pnlt we found dozens of savannas and other ecosystems not documented by earlier ecologists, geologists or botanists or archaeologists because to reach these areas is many kilometers of hiking back-and-forth (and no hotel to recuperate in—we stay in tents surrounded by the jungle).
for wednesday, february 14, at 8 pm et we will present over 200 remarkable photographs of ecosystems, flowers, and other plants that are wild and edible.
access and download this active hyperlink: https://us06web.zoom.us/j/86930585524











history of the mystery of the “blom plate”


  posted january 20, 2025
by nicholas hellmuth



in 1950 frans blom published a black-and-white photo of a polychrome maya plate that shows the hero twins, the principal bird deity, and a well-preserved primary standard sequence of hieroglyphs. for my 1980’s phd dissertation i wanted a full color photograph and close-up photos of each part of the scene. but how do you find the plate—it was obtained by the engineer who was working on building the landing field of the chetumal airport. the bulldozers flattened pyramids and obviously there were maya tombs there in the 1940’s.


the flaar reports on this plate details how i finally found where in oaxaca the engineer had retired to. he kindly allowed me to photograph the plate. since he noticed how much interest i had in studying the plate, and since he had it since at least 1949 and now in the 1980’s he himself was no longer interested in it, he asked me what he should do with the plate—but i explained that i do not collect artifacts and that since the plate was an important part of the national patrimony of mexico, it should be available to all scholars and it should be donated to ihah. as a result the plate is now in an ihah museum in mexico.








download report





the story of the blom plate: a masterpiece of maya iconography and primary standard sequence, pss, hieroglyphs
















 early classic maya cylindrical tripods—list and descriptions


  posted january 9, 2025
by nicholas hellmuth



this is a comprehensive corpus of maya cylindrical tripods in site reports and in museums and private collections guatemala, honduras, mexico, usa, canada, europe, and asia that were known up to 1985. 
244 pages of lists and description of the iconography of early classic maya cylindrical tripods known from publications and a quarter-century of photography around the world in museums and private collections by nicholas hellmuth. 6 photographs. this is a scan of the original published monograph to make the book available today to students and scholars as an easy download. provides the flaar photo archive contact sheet number of the majority of the photos to assist dumbarton oaks, trustees for harvard university, to catalog the flaar photo archive that was donated there in late 2024.








download report





maya cylindrical tripods, and related early classic art: iconography and form, in site reports and in museums and private collections, guatemala, honduras, mexico, usa, canada, europe, and asia















 holiday greetings with 403-page gift for you


  posted january 3, 2025
by nicholas hellmuth



decades of research and photography of maya art in museums around the world resulted in a 403-page coffee-table publication of hellmuth’s 1986 phd dissertation. michael coe wrote the foreword (in english). book text is auf deutsch but captions, summary, list of deities, and discussion of maya archaeology are in english. beautifully published by adeva, graz.


727 illustrations make this book a helpful resource for iconographers, epigraphers, and archaeologists. these illustrations also assist students for their term papers, theses, and phd dissertation. any illustration can be used by students and scholars simply by citing the book, publisher, author, illustrator, and figure number--in other words, we waive the copyright for the flaar illustrations—the goal of research and publications should be non-profit and to assist the academic community.







download report





monster und menschen in der maya-kunst, 727 drawings and photos in book of 403 pages. 109 mb file size so the drawings can be enlarged to help your research in iconography or epigraphy.






this book on iconography and cosmology introduces the surface of the underwaterworld of maya mythology. also features god gi cache vessels (front cover and lots more inside). has chapter on the jaguar god of the underworld (jgu). introduces the lily pad headdress monster, the shell wing dragon, and the tubular headdress monster. documents that the principal bird deity is a snake hawk. lots of illustrations of god n.


two more holiday gifts are the two volume english edition in 1987 of hellmuth’s 1986 phd dissertation at karl-franzens universitaet, graz, austria. while living in graz for many years, i appreciate the hospitality of hasso hohmann and annegrette vogrin for living space and library and photo archive space in their home. we appreciate the sharing of information with karl-herbert mayer.








click to download





click to download





surface of the underwaterworld, 1987 publication of english edition of hellmuth’s phd dissertation, vol. i, text, 306 pages.


surface of the underwaterworld, 1987 phd, vol. ii, illustrations, 255 pages.

159 mb file size so that the line drawings are at a digital resolution to help you see details.







the purpose of posting these books is to make the illustrations available to students and scholars so they can advance maya cosmology, iconographic, epigraphic, and archaeological discussions since today as we enter 2025 a lot more documentation is available to allow advances over what was known in the 1980’s.










  merry christmas 2024 and happy new year 2025


  posted december 24, 2024
by nicholas hellmuth









click to enlarge







this is "santa nicholas" being pulled by native deer of guatemala. in classic maya art deer are associated with monkeys. and paintings of monkeys often show them with deer antlers and deer ears. we have four volumes to release in 2025 from our 2024 research on the iconography of deer in maya art plus a monumental volume on iconography of monkeys.

the circular path is the maya sky band with celestial motifs. we have published many pdfs on this topic. just google sky band hellmuth flaar.

often the sky band is the body of a bicephalic cosmic monster, with "starry-eyed" deer at the left and an upside-down quadripartite badge headdress monster at the right. just google bicephalic cosmic monster, crocodile lecture, hellmuth and you will see lots of maya art with this monster. we have six chapters of our lecture on iconography of crocodiles in maya art for the pre-columbian society, university of pennsylvania museum. peccary are not shown in this christmas card, but our research results on iconography of peccary in maya art are already published--just google peccary, maya iconography, hellmuth.

the setting features palm trees since that will be our focus for the rbm area of peten in 2025: which palms have edible parts for the classic maya and which palms were used as thatch and walls. in recent years for our conap project of the rbm we have studied tasiste palms as an indicator of savannas in pnynn. tasiste palm, nance trees, and calabash trees (crescentia cujete) tend to grow in the savanna east of nakum and the savanna west of naranjo sa’al. we have also studied the savanna of 3 fern species and lots of tasistal areas in the rbm and on the west side of arroyo petexbatun, upstream from rio la pasion, sayaxche.










  iconography of crocodiles in classic maya art: stelae and ceramics


  posted december 17, 2024
by nicholas hellmuth



crocodile iconography was a december 14, 2024 lecture for the pre-columbian society at the university of pennsylvania museum of archaeology and anthropology. this is an update and in english for the lecture given in spanish for the museo popol vuh, universidad francisco marroquin, july 2023.
flaar has many lecture topics available for your museum, your classroom, or your society or organization, in-person or via zoom. these lectures are available in spanish or in english.








download report
















 god n iconography research reports now available


  posted november 19, 2024
by nicholas hellmuth



god n, god d, and god l are three very elderly male deities in the maya pantheon. we have posted three flaar reports on god d recently, are finishing our god l reports, and now are posting the corpus of available photos of god n in classic maya art.


god n, like a hermit crab, lives in a conch shell or elsewhere—at chichen itza you see god n with a spider web background. since god n is often associated with supernatural water cosmology, he has been of interest since hellmuth’s phd dissertation on the surface of the underwaterworld. lots of capable scholars have produced excellent reports on maya deities so the goal of the flaar reports is to show a complete corpus of known portraits of this deity so that epigraphers, iconographers and archaeologists have additional research material. so these flaar reports include previously unpublished digital rollouts by hellmuth and findings in the flaar photo archive.








click to download





click to download
















  iconography of remarkable cosmological motifs of sky bands in classic maya art


  posted november 13, 2024
by nicholas hellmuth



sky bands have a row of celestial motifs of stars, planets, and constellations that the maya could see from mesoamerica. we have dedicated many months this year to preparing six flaar reports to show tons of documentation from maya murals, stucco sculptures, stone stelae and panels, and all sizes and shapes of pottery (especially plates, vases, and bowls). the only sky band report that we are still working on is sky bands in the maya codices. but in the meantime, here are six sky band reports to show you lots of remarkable information.








click to download





click to download





click to download





part i: sky bands on plates of classic maya of peten


part ii: sky bands on classic maya vases and bowls


part ii: sky bands on kerr and hellmuth rollouts of vases 






click to download





click to download





click to download





part iv: sky bands on stelae, lintels and other sculptures of mexico, guatemala, belize


part v: sky bands of late classic maya on stucco reliefs and sculptures at palenque


part vi: sky bands on woven textile hems of maya clothing at palenque, tikal, yaxchilan 















  list of dozens of reports on maya iconography


  posted octuber 16, 2024
by nicholas hellmuth


this 33-page document lists the names and page quantity of all the books and reports on iconography of maya vases, bowls, plates, cache vessels, etc. photographed during the 1970’s-1990’s. also lists all the ethnohistory reports on cholti-lacandon of chiapas and maya cultures of peten.

we are working to find each of these original hand-typed reports so we can scan them and make them all available as a downloadable pdf. several libraries such as harvard, yale, etc. probably have 90% of these titles but once in pdf format on the internet these documents can assist more students and more scholars.








download report
















  peten ytza, quejache, verapaz chol, and toquegua maya ethnohistory


  posted by nicholas hellmuth
october 10, 2024



this report is an introduction to four maya ethnic groups of guatemala based on ethnohistory research conducted by hellmuth in the archives of sevilla, spain, june-august 1971.
discussed different maya languages, agriculture, etc.








click to download pdf






click to download pdf








click to download pdf





click to download pdf










start
prev
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 next
end





















additional
  flaar reports




mexican symbols in the classic art of the southern maya lowlands


download now 







lecture abstracts on full-color powerpoint presentations on jaguars in maya art, monkeys, and other rain forest animals


download now 







how to select the best
        tripod and lightning


download now 







moonflower opening at night
ipomea alba


download now 







diplomacy and conquest in pre-columbian mesoamerica


download now 







teotihuacan art in guatemala


download now 







echoes of the lost colony


download now 







mayan water lilies


download now 







pineapples at yaxha


download now 







egretta tricolor


download now 







fiddlehead fern


download now 







3d software for maya ethnobotany


download now 







niij, llaveia axin


download now 








social process in maya prehistory


download now 








the animal pictures of the mexican and maya manuscripts


download now 








mayan ethnozoology animals fauna lecture 


download now 








water lily lecture october


download now 



















more flaar reports



2012 prophesies of the end mayan calendar

          



download now 






 

flaar report on hdr photography with canon wide angle lens of mayan archaeology architecture


download now 






 

stacked focus digital camera macro photography reviews novoflex castel xl focusing rail canon eos


download now 








tzalamah hotel, salama 2011



download now 









tikal water monitoring through physicochemical parameters by mirtha cano



download now 








monitoreo de la biologia reproductiva del halcon pecho naranja (falco deiroleucus) 



download now 







tikal-burial 196 tomb of the jade jaguar structure 5d 73 peten guatemala

          


download now 







tikal burial 196 tomb of the jade jaguar structure 5d 73 peten guatemala vol 2, part 1

          


download now 







tikal burial 196 tomb of the jade jaguar structure 5d 73 peten guatemala vol 2, part 2

          


download now 







the escuintla hoards teotihuacan art in guatemala

          


download now 







waterlily guatemala mayan ethnobotany



download now 







identificacion botanica en figurillas de jaina


download now 







tintes naturales en mesoamerica desde la epoca pre-hispanica


download now 







serpientes de 

            guatemala


download now 







natural dyes used in mesoamerica since prehispanic age 


download now 







plants utilized 

            by the maya


download now 







introduction to x-y flatbed cutter-routers


download now 







tripod test results for ethno-zoology


download now 







sacred 

            maya flower


download now 







sacred tree 

            ceiba


download now 







caves and mesoamerican cultures


download now 







processing maya 

            incense


download now 







sacred food 

            and drinks


download now 







bats in 
          
          maya art


download now 







the mysterious 
          
          tree


download now 







mangrove forest ecosystem in monterrico


download now 







chocola area


download now 







cacaeo ethnobotany field trip, photo essay


download now 


 



flaar field trip


download now 


 



maya ethno-botany field trip


download now 
































if you wish to donate your library on pre-columbian   mesoamerica and related topics, flaar will be glad to receive your   library and find a good home for it. contact:
readerservice@flaar.org  












maya  epigraphy


primary standard sequence










cacao  (cocoa) & flavorings


achiote (bixa orellana), annotto or annattocacao in archaeologyitzimte is a plant used to flavor cacao a thousand years agomagnolia for chocolatepataxte, cacao, jaguar treequararibea funebris.vanilla orchids, petenvirola guatemalensis, palo de sangre, bibliographybibliography, clerodendrum lingustrinum










maya  agriculture


agriculture of the mayanfood, farming, photosgrain amaranth and bledo










bats 


bibliography on artibeus inopinatusbats and their role in maya culture










ancient  maya  rubber ballgame


merremia ruberosa to vulcanize rubbermoonflower, ipomoea alba










maya  iconography


copan altar w’iconography of all known depictions of god l in classic maya artearly classic maya basal flange bowls and tetrapodsrubber ballgame & huntingteotihuacan influence on mayahero twinscurly facejaguar godenema ritualsearth band, skull band, witz bandcrocodile, caiman maya artbibliography on enemas of maya and nearby cultures of mesoamericabibliography on bonampak muralsbonampak stela 1 lower panelcrocodile powerpoint lecturecosmic monster, copan  altar cpn 25scarlet macaw ballcourt maya ballgame goalstonesprincipal bird deityfull-figure hieroglyphsfish in sculptures of copanpaddler gods, copan stelaetzompantli, skull rack,  copan










flaar  photo archives 


temple, pyramid, palace  architecture photo archivewooden lintels, cross beamscorbel vault under stairways










mayan  societies, organizations


institute of maya studies (ims)










pnynn  (yaxha)


lakes, lagoons, names in this national park










cholti-lacandon 


articles available to download on cholti-lacandon ethnohistory










dye  colorants from maya plants


justicia spicigera, bibliographylogwood, palo de tintorenealmia alpinia, bibliographytobacco, dye colorantcuscuta corymbosa, bibliography










foods  of the maya root crops


arrowroot, maranta arundinaceae










mayan  ethnobotany


sacred copal pom maya incensesacred flowersipomoea batatas, bibliographyrubber: incense and ballstasiste palm, palmetto, acoelorrhaphe wrightii the sacred water lily in maya iconographyyucca elephantipes, bibliographyastrocaryum mexicanum, chapaya, bibliographybauhinia divaricata, bibliographycanna indica, bibliographychamaedorea tepejilote, bibliographycnidoscolus aconitifolius, bibliographyfernaldia pandurata, bibliographymanihot esculenta, bibliographysechium edule, bibliographyxanthosoma sagittifolium, bibliographycalabash tree: morro and jicarascalathea macrosepala, bibliographycoccoloba uvifera, bibliographydioscorea trifida, bibliographyetapas de desarrollo de theobroma bicolorlectures on mayan ethnobotanyguicoy, squash, ayote, calabaza, pumpkinincense and other sacred resins for religious ceremoniesmayan ethno-botany as related to iconographypachyrhizus erosus, bibliographysacred ceiba treewigandia urens, tabaquilloedible, dye, medicinal, fiber tecomasuche, cochlosperum vitifolium










birds  in mayan archaeology


macaw iconographymacaws and parrotsmotmot bird feathersowls, maya & teotihuacan art










maya  ethnozoology


bibliography, cyclocephala amazonabibliography, threnetes ruckerimaya ethnozoologyfeline spots, maya iconographytoads and frogsmaya ethno-zoology, introlos sapos, copan, toad & crocodile bedrocksnails (freshwater)bats, vampire batspeccary tetrapod supportswhite-tailed deertapir, tapirus bairdii










mayan  linguistics


q’eqchi’ dictionary birdsq’eqchi’ dictionary fishq’eqchi’ dictionary mammals










mayan  music


bibliography of mayan musicpercussion instrumentsmayan trumpets for warriors 










q’eqchi’-spanish-english  dictionary segments


abc in mayan languages










maya  food, diet


bucutz (cassia grandis) a tree of peten with multiple usespinuela, edible bromeliad fruitq’eqchi’ mayan recipes










caves  of the maya world


caves of alta verapaz, guatemalaxibalba caves alta verapazcaves of las golondrinas of secanantécahabon caves alta verapaz










2012  prophecies of the end mayan calendar


mayan calendar and mayan 2012 end of the world predictions










3d  scanning equipment reviews for field work


asus zenfone ar (augmented reality)










bibliography  mayan dye colorants


bibliography mayan dye colorants










gigapan  epic pro system


panorama camera system comparisons tips










municipio  de livingston izabal: places to visit


cueva del tigre, jaguar cave










technology  for archaeologists, anthropologists, zoologists, botanists, geologists


3d scanner for cultural heritage preservation3d laser scanner for architectural heritage3d digital technology for archaeologymulticam cnc routers3d photogrammetric surveying










technology,  book reviews on digital imaging, especially 3d


peachpit press, new riders (pearson)










antigua  guatemala


museo de arte precolombino y vidrio moderno (vigua)museo arqueológico, hotel casa santo domingo











private museums of mayan archaeology











ixchel 


textiles










cotzumalguapa 


museum of cotzumalhuapa sculpture3d digital technology for archaeologbilbao area culture, santa lucia cotzumalguapa










popol  vuh


maya artpopol vuh, imagespopol vuh, laughing falcon, herpetotheres cachinnanspopol vuh, qtvr objects










suchitepequez 


museo macony










uaxactun 


uaxactun campamento el chiclero










agriculture,  diet, food


beans of highland maya










maya  vase rollouts


castillo vase, museo popol vuh










maya  archaeology sites


aguatecaceibal or seibaltayasaltikaltopoxteuaxactunyaxhamucbilha caveslos sapos, hacienda san lucasitzimtésanta rosa xtampak, campeche










flaar  mesoamerica


programs and other activitiesactivities 2006-2008digital photography workshopsresearch on prosopis julifloraacodhihue-san










geology:  minerals & stones of mayan areas


black salt, sacapulas, quicheiron pyriteobsidiansalt of the ancient mayavolcanic pumice










zoological  parks


parque zoológico nacional la auroraparque zoológico nacional la aurora (español)autosafari chapin in guatemala










parks 


las guacamayas biological station, peten, guatemala










maya  archaeology


glossary, archaeologyball game iconography reportsbibliography, astrocaryum mexicanum, chapayabibliography, bauhinia divaricatabibliography, calathea macrosepalabibliography, coccoloba uviferabibliography, cuscuta corymbosabibligraphy, dioscorea trifidabibliography, justicia spicigerabibliography, pachyrhizus erosusbibliography, renealmia alpiniabibliography, virola guatemalensis, palo de sangrebibliography, yucca elephantipescanna indica, bibliographychamaedorea tepejilote, bibliographycnidoscolus aconitifolius, bibliographycolors in mayan culturefernaldia pandurata, bibliographyipomoea batatas, bibliographymanihot esculenta, bibliographymayan basket making in san rafael chilascómayan ballgamesmaya artmaya iconographyphotographyreligion-mayan gods deitiessanta rosa xtampak, chenessechium edule, bibliographyxanthosoma sagittifolium, bibliography










maya  architecture


improving scans of  old 35mm color slidesimproving scans of  b&w contact sheetslogwood, vault beams, lintelsteotihuacan influence on mayacorbel vaultpalm thatch roofphoto album of palm thatch roofscorozo palm thatchthatch, grass, not palmcorozo palm thatch dryingsabal mexicana as roof thatchsanta rosa xtampak, chenes










maya  ethnohistory


lacandon maya & choltibibliography on lacandon ethnobotany and ethnozoology










glossary 


what is mesoamerica?










trees  of mesoamerica


definition of mesoamerica










mayan  languages of guatemala


ixil mayan










copan 


vr objects filesvr panoramasimages











museums of mayan archaeology










carlos  pellicer, tabasco


informationimagesother










textiles 


indigenous clothingmaya textiles










book  reviews


biodiversidad de guatemala










education 


program of archaeology & technologyvolunteer oportunitiesvolunteer workacademic work topics










symposiums  congresses lectures


congreso centroamericano de arqueologia en el salvadormaya at the playamaya at the playa 2011maya at the playa 2010










 digital cameras for photographing research 


70mm. rollout camerabetterlightcambo callumetsinar xdigital rollout cameras4x5 inch large formatphotography tips and suggestions 










lectures  on maya topics now available


lecture on sacred mayan flowerspatolli maya, aztec, mixtec










scanners 


scitex flatbed scanner35mm. scanner










antigua  guatemala


villa colonialcasa santo domingoposada don diegocasa lefebvre, boutique hotelsel carmen











travel / hotels











peten  (tikal, flores)


pine oak surrounded by tasiste palm east of tikal national park (panat)maya internationaljaguar inn tikaljaguar inn santa elenavilla mayael sombrero eco lodgela casa de don davidlas gardeniaslas guacamayas, how to drive therehermano pedrosantanapatio grandeposada caribeguayacanjungle lodge










atitlan 


villa santa catarinaposada schumannsan tomas bella vistaterrazas del lago










guatemala  city


posada belen










chichicastenango 


villa grande










baja  verapaz


hotel tz' alam ha'










copan  honduras


hotel los jaguareshotel don udo's










archaeology  of iran


photo essays on iran 2014






































visit other flaar sites
flora and fauna






wwww.maya-ethnozoology.org





www.maya-ethnobotany.org





www.digital-photography.org







educational books







wwww.mayantoons.org





www.mayan-characters-value-based-education.org





www.maya-art-books.org









































follow us


flaar printers sites:
3d-scanners-3d-software-reviews.org/
digital-photography.org
fineartgicleeprinters.org
wide-format-printers.net
large-format-printers.org
wide-format-printers.org
flaar-reports.org
flaar.org



 






use of this website signifies your agreement to the terms of use. any problem with this site please report it to webmaster@flaar.org, or if you note any 
    error, omission, or have a different opinion on a review, please contact the editor 








































