


premier performing arts center | hershey theatre




















 




































skip to content

mobile menu open icon
mobile menu close icon



info

venue info
history
tour

groups
accessibility
renovations
support
faqs
bag policy



events

all events
education
apollo awards



seating

seating chart
subscriptions
account manager


site search


search form
search hershey theatre

search








central pa’s premier performing arts center
located in downtown hershey, pennsylvania, the magnificent hershey theatre is the area's premier performing arts center, presenting the finest in touring broadway shows, intimate concerts, classical music and dance attractions, comedy shows, and world-renowned entertainers.




own a piece of hershey history!
purchase a pair of hershey theatre seats
as part of ongoing theatre renovations, the original seats are being removed and replaced. seats will only be sold as pairs. one pair of seats is $250.

			a sample pair of theatre seats are on display in the lobby at the hershey story museum, located at 63 west chocolate avenue. the hershey story is open daily from 9 am - 5 pm.

			each pair will be bolted to a wooden platform and include a commemorative brass plaque.

			all seats must be pre-ordered by february 17. quantities are limited.

buy now
				
learn more
				






hershey theatre is embarking on an important one-year renovation project to update the facility, while preserving its history. during these renovations the theatre will be closed to the public. learn more.






experience the best in concerts, comedy shows, family entertainment, sporting events, and more at other official event venues of hershey, pa - hersheypark® stadium and giant center℠.
		




filtersearch



venue
pin icon
all venues
giant center
hersheypark arena
hersheypark stadium
hershey theatre
other


event type
star icon
all events
concerts
hershey bears hockey
broadway shows
classic films
sporting events & competitions
arts & culture
class & educational
family shows
comedy shows
other


date
calendar icon
find icon find


search

search magnifying glass icon





        we're sorry, but no results could be found matching those criteria.
    

see more events

            showing 0 of 0 events.
        






history
discover the historical significance of the hershey theatre.
learn more about the history of the hershey theatre


where to eat
taste the many flavors of hershey at our favorite local restaurants.
find a restaurant


subscriptions
save big with a broadway series subscription package.
start saving


frequently asked questions
can't find what you are looking for? browse our frequently asked questions.
faqs










facebook logo



instagram logo




x formerly twitter logo



tripadvisor logo

 email sign-up|gift cards|latest stories|jobs|sponsorships|lost & found
|policies & procedures


© 2025 hershey entertainment & resorts company.
all words, designs, and phrases appearing in bold, italics, and/or with the symbol ®, ℠, or ™ are trademarks owned by hershey entertainment & resorts company, or used under license or with permission. all rights reserved.
hersheypark arena|privacy policy
|do not sell my personal information
|company policies and guest expectations
|employment|contact us|717-534-3405






