


html tutorials & codes - free web design resources













web design stuff
html tutorials    css tutorials    web hosting   resources














create a web page 101

making web pages intro
what is a web page?
why make a web page?
the history of html
learn html or xhtml?

basic html

basic html tutorials
basic html necessities
how to make a web page
how to edit a web page
the basics of html tags
basic html page structure
html attributes

html font codes

html font codes intro
html font color codes
html font size codes
html font style codes
html bold/italic codes
combining font codes

formatting text

formatting text intro
making paragraphs
miscellaneous formatting
headings & subheadings
creating hyperlinks

using graphics

using graphics on the web
add graphics to your pages
graphics and accessibility
how to align graphics
page color & background
graphics as hyperlinks
horizontal rules

creating tables

html tables tutorials
html table fundamentals
background & border color
table frames & rules
table width and alignment
cells 1 -space & alignment
cells 2 -row  column span
cells 3 -width & height

making lists

html lists tutorials
bulleted lists
numbered lists
definition lists

html frames

html frames tutorials
using frames for layout
advanced frame layouts
putting hyperlinks in frames
frame border width
color, margin and control
problems with frames
smartframes: a solution
ssi: an alternative to frames

web page forms

making feedback forms
a simple feedback form
installing nms formmail
debugging your setup
my web host is out to lunch
user input components
text fields
checkboxes & radio buttons
dropdown menus
push buttons
layout and presentation







basic css

basic css tutorials
what is css?
why you should use css
how to use css
inline styles
embedded style sheets
external style sheets
class selectors
id selectors
combining selectors

css properties

css properties intro
font styles 
width, height & spacing
borders
backgrounds
position
float & alignment
hyperlinks







all about web hosting

hosting your own website
what is a web host?
your website's home page
building a website offline
about free web hosting
best free web hosting
commercial web hosting
how to get a domain name
ecommerce web hosting
web hosting terminology







free web design tools

best free website tools
best free text editors
best free graphics editors
free website analysis tools

setting up html kit

html kit introduction
how to install html kit
screenshot breakdown
basic configuration
overall appearance
shortcuts and startup
editing window
customizing toolbars
using the favorites tab
making a new actions bar
odds and ends

free templates

free website templates
two column fixed width
three column liquid layout
miscellaneous templates
dynamic menu effects
two column experimental
terms of use
about these templates

website templates help

getting started
template zip file download
how to edit your template
what to edit in the html
how to add your logo
making a website

web design tips

web design basics
tables vs. tableless
using tables for layout
example table layouts
world's crappiest web page

twitter backgrounds

twitter backgrounds intro
cool twitter backgrounds
cool twitter backgrounds 2
plain twitter backgrounds
dark twitter backgrounds
best twitter backgrounds
cute twitter backgrounds
music twitter backgrounds
music twitter backgrounds 2
twitter backgrounds 101
terms of use

all about web browsers

what is a web browser?
mozilla firefox
internet explorer
opera
how to set up firefox
top 5 firefox extensions

 

contact

post some feedback
send me an email
iron spider blog
about iron spider...
site conventions


 
 

 
 



 



 








html tutorials
 
(without the gobbledy-geek...)
so you would like to create an online presence for your small business / hobby / family but you don't want to give up an arm / a leg / your first born to a web designer to make it for you? 
now the question is: can you learn to make an entire website from scratch without going batty trying to understand all that gobbledy-geek web coding stuff?
sure! why not? i did. 
yes that's right. 
here is...

how i got started making web pages

ten years ago, armed with nothing but a 33.3k dialup modem and an old pentium i computer, i set out to discover why some news articles i read online could not be viewed offline when i had saved them to my computer's hard drive. this was an issue that provided considerable aggravation to me back in the day as i was an avid newshound and quite often my crumby dialup internet connection would randomly disconnect for no reason (remember those days?) leaving me stranded in the middle of reading a multi-page article.
to alleviate this problem, i learned to save web pages of news articles i was interested in to my hard drive so i could read them later offline. however i soon discovered that not all web pages saved to my hard drive would load properly offline and hence came the first time i asked myself a question that essentially launched a career and that was, what exactly is a web page?
after some preliminary rooting around, i discovered, hey! you can view the coding of any web page you're currently viewing by simply clicking on view  » source in your web browser. okay. cool!
of course, i fell off my chair a few times after taking a peek at the morass of mumbo-jumbo code soup that was apparently behind the scenes of some of the web pages of my favorite websites. undeterred, i pushed ahead and eventually discovered that most of that mumbo-jumbo was actually called html. so then i decided to search the net for some tutorials on html that i could plow through so that maybe i could tinker with some of those malfunctioning web pages i had saved offline to see if i could get them to display properly. 
and plow i did because, back then, a lot of sites seemed eager to brag about how easy it was to make a web page from scratch but few actually showed me how easy it really was. most of the tutorials i ran across were either poorly written or were filled with so much high falutin' technical jargon that it seemed like you needed a phd (in something, i wasn't sure what) just to understand them.
well, that was all it took for me to get my back up (i was not to be denied!) and few mind-numbing days later i had it all figured out and soon enough i was writing up some basic html and cranking out my very first web pages. 
so honestly that's how it all started. 
i just wanted to read the news offline.  :)

the birth of iron spider

now, as is my nature for anything i take an intense interest in, i took a ton of notes on all the tidbits of information i had scrounged up on the subject of html and translated it all into my own personal easy-to-understand compilation of instructions for future reference.
stuff like:

what exactly is html?
what do i need to make a web page?
how do i format text on my web pages?
how do i make hyperlinks?
how do i insert graphics?
how do i make tables?
how do i make lists?


and well you can probably see where i'm going with this... heh heh... yep. you guessed it. i started thinking, hey, if i had such a tough time scraping together the know-how to do all this, maybe others did as well. and i figured since i did have some basic writing skills, why not expand on my notes, polish them up and post them online?
and voilà! 
iron spider was born.
so here at my virtual home away from home, you'll find a complete set of easy-to-understand html and css tutorials which will provide you with all the smarts you need to create an entire website from scratch. 
and when you're ready to launch your website online, i also have a set of webhosting tutorials which will walk you through the various kinds of web hosts and how to choose one that suits  your needs.
alright, so that's it for the introductions. to continue, you can just click on the next button at the bottom of the page or you can use the full menu starting at the top left to browse through the site.
thanks for visiting and i hope you enjoy your stay! :)
and if you found this site useful, post a comment on my feedback page. i'd love to hear from ya...
and here's my blog...
and here's iron spider on twitter... 
and here's my youtube channel!





best free stuff 
for webmasters

free text editors
free graphics editors
website analysis tools
free website templates

see also:
best free web hosting
 
if you need a .com web address, you can get one quick and easy at...

www.godaddy.com 



privacy policy
top
next ~>



 




html tutorials | 
css tutorials | 
web hosting | 
domain names | 
web design resources

iron spider © copyright 2004-2011 robert darrell


 






