


marilyn ainslie's genealogy page







 
[bypass
navigation bar] warning! you are using an old web browser that does
not support modern web
standards so i'm afraid that you will not see any formatting on
this site. i strongly recommend that you read my guide to
upgrading your browser and making your pc secure. not only will
websites look 'right' with a modern browser, but you will be far less
vulnerable to viruses and other nasties.





home
kilbarchan
  
  trees   
site info






 

books |
portraits |
contact me |
sitemap/search






genealogy home page
welcome to information on ian's ainslie / galbraith
tree and my barbour, bland, claydon, coe, doe, easton, macfie,
mead, root, savill, simpson, thorburn and thurgood
ancestors.
other relatives' names include blair, buxton, freeland, grant,
jamieson, lafone, littlejohn, sandeman, stiven, stevenson, verdin,
vincent and wilson.  this is an
evolving site and i welcome more links, suggestions and contacts -
please email me. i live in cheshire, uk.

view the ainslie/
galbraith/lafone tree of over 2000 names.
updated 25 may 2016  
view the barbour
family tree of over 1800 names.
updated 13 january 2010  
view the root
(essex) family tree of over 1200 names.
updated 18 march 2010  

barbours lived in kilbarchan (renfrewshire) for
many years. my kilbarchan pages have a history of the village, a map, the 1695 poll tax roll
and photographs of the west church,
including the font in memory of humphrey barbour.



 
romney portraits of james and margaret ainslie were
recently shown at the national portrait gallery




rod neep's archive cd books
project sells facsimiles of old books on cd-rom. i have indexed crawfurd's history
of the shire of renfrew (1710, updated by robertson 1818) and
george stewart's curiosities
of glasgow citizenship (1881), about glasgow merchants in the 1700s.
links
bronwyn
johnson (walker) has an extensive sandeman
genealogy.
the
thorburn-macfie society has loads of information and a family tree
of over 3000 names.
 press alt-0 (zero)
 for a list
of access keys used on this site or alt-8
 to view this site's privacy
statement 




