








private venice tours, boat tours and transfers with venice guide and boat









































  







toggle navigation





home
about us
tours 

all tours
tour sharing
see venice in one day
venice for the first time
venice shore excursions
venice sustainable tourism
venice art & history
venice lagoon & mainland


transfers 

all transfers
venice airport transfer
venice car terminal transfer
venice cruise port transfers
venice train station transfer


venice 

history of venice
venice traditional events
useful information
books about venice
hotels
restaurants
useful links
guestbook


groups
d.m.c. 

weddings in venice
venice meetings and conventions
filming in venice


contact us
cart


search for:

search








 venice guide and boat


0 items - 0,00 €




private venice tours and boat tours of venice and its lagoon


are you planning your holidays in venice? with our venice tours you will discover the most famous treasuries of venice as well as  the less known undiscovered venice. 
venice guide and boat offers a wide range of high quality  venice tours and transfers. you can book private venice guided tours with a local qualified guide and  venice boat tours. furthermore we organize excursions and daily cruises to explore the venetian lagoon and it’s peculiar environment. we offer also tours to the veneto villas, the authentic medieval villages and the wine routes on the veneto mainland.  if you are interested in venice culinary tradition, book our tours dedicated on food and wine tasting. we arrange all kind of private transfers in venice and can help you planning your holidays to get the most of your visit to venice and the veneto.
venice guide and boat’s qualified venice local tour guide will make your venice tours unforgettable. experience our cruises in the lagoon of venice for a unique adventure with our luxury private boat.
if you are interested in art & history book a venice tour to  discover venice and its heritage. our tours explain why the site “venice and its lagoon” is in the unesco world heritage list.  try our enjoyable and relaxing venice walks to see the undiscovered venice. most noteworthy,  our  boat tours  will make you appreciate the lagoon of venice, one of the most important wetlands in the world. if you are travelling on a cruise ship, see our shore excursions designed for cruisers who are in venice just for one day. you will make the most of a day ashore.
we operate on your schedule and at your own pace. our venice tours are all inclusive, so you don’t have to buy your admissions and you will skip the line when entering museums or churches. you can easily book all services directly with venice guide and boat with our e-commerce secure system. we have everything you need for an unforgettable venice experience!

tours transfers 





see venice in one day


relaxing venice tour
essential venice
venice must-see & must-do
golden venice
venice masterpieces
another venice



venice for the first time


highlights of venice
unmissable venice
venice at a glance
venice secret itineraries
doge’s palace and basilica
bewitched by venice



venice shore excursions


the venice experience
a day in venice
the islands of the lagoon
venice paintings and tapas
the best of venice
venice with less walking





venice sustainable tourism


venice intangible heritage
foreigners in venice
venice craft heritage
safeguarding venice
venice secret gardens
music in venice



venice art & history


venetian painting
a venetian palace
venice masters of colour
business and faith in rialto
venice and palladio
the guggenheim collection



venice lagoon & mainland


venice lagoon adventure
venice  sunset tour
venice three islands tour
venice boat tour and dinner
venice southern lagoon
palladian villas and wine


















about us
gaia legend s.n.c.
					di trevisan cinzia & c.
					via smirne 11
					30126 lido di venezia
info@veniceguideandboat.it
					fax + 39 041 5262879
				


tours
venice lagoon & mainlandvenice art & historyvenice sustainable tourismvenice shore excursionsvenice for the first timesee venice in one day 

transfers
venice car terminal transfervenice train station transfervenice cruise port transfersvenice airport transfer


apartments
if you visit venice and want to rent a house, here you can find a really charming place to stay.
www.rent-apartment-in-venice.com






















p.i. 03760380273 - reg. n. 3677/2011 - terms and conditions - privacy - insurance policy n. 22821  


















