








the kitchen store | culver city, ca | kitchen cabinets









































































request a free private showroom consultation


special offer on diamond kitchen cabinets 30% off this month










 


































(310) 572-7515





























 







home
about us

our process
showroom
google reviews


services

cabinetry
other projects


portfolio

kitchen
bath


resources

getting started
getting organized


areas we serve

los angeles county
southern california
los angeles, california
orange county
ventura county


visit us
blog

beautifying kitchens for over 50 years
















 cabinet sale now!
ending soon!



free privateshowroom consultation
			    book now














in our spacious 7,000 square foot showroom




gallery
 



kitchen



bath






*credit and loans provided by enerbank usa, member fdic, (1245 brickyard rd., suite 600, salt lake city, ut 84106) on approved credit, for a limited time. 17.99% fixed apr, effective as of january 1, 2021, subject to change. minimum loan amounts apply. interest starts accruing when funds are disbursed. interest is waived if repaid in 365 days. repayment terms vary from 24 to 132 months. actual loan term may be shorter if less than the full approved amount of credit is used. first monthly loan payment due 365 days after funds are disbursed.
interest is waived if repaid in 365 days. repayment terms vary from 24 to 132 months. actual loan term may be shorter if less than the full approved amount of credit is used. first monthly loan payment due 365 days after funds are disbursed.kitchen remodeling is easier than ever with help from [company_name]. start by measuring your kitchen and making a rough sketch to give us an idea of the layout. next, make an appointment to meet one of our talented kitchen designers, many who have been designing for over 20 years! the design consultation is free and we will help you with cabinet and countertop styles, colors, features and design ideas.



home with dean sharp















what our customers say 

blanca was amazing! she helped through the entire kitchen remodel process. she was there for me with everything and anything i ever needed. she was so helpful and knowledgeable with the design and plans. she was also on top of everything from reorders to delivery times and installation contractors. it could have not gone so smoothly without her!!! she deserves an award!!!ursula d.
my wife and were very lucky to have met blanca moran. her knowledge of the products and her unique way in designing our kitchen was awesome. blanca’s input was invaluable as this was our first experience in remodeling our kitchen. her customer service attitude was top notch with an infectious sense of humor to boot.
george d.
the kitchen store is great! marie was able to help us fine tune our ideas and make our dream kitchen a reality. they stand behind the products they sell and were quick to help us with some replacement pieces when the cabinets arrived. they also referred us to a great contractor who did a fabulous job. i would definitely use and recommend the kitchen store again.
l hobi

cynthia took all of our concerns into consideration. when we had problems she was there to help. everything came out great. we are very happy with the results. she also had a contractor that she worked a lot with. we used him. he worked well with us and cynthia,tom s.
we worked with cynthia (and leo was our installer). she was extremely knowledgeable and responsible and we enjoyed working with her. patty c.
ana del valle has designed 2 kitchens for us in two very different types of homes. she immediately zeroed in on what we were looking for and that we like unique, artistic touches throughout. she was so much fun to works with and her results, pretty amazing.robin l.
my husband worked with the kitchen store when he was with the studios, so we were confident when we selected the kitchen store for our kitchen remodel. we had the pleasure of working with blanca moran, who was extremely knowledgeable, helpful, and creative. the cabinets and counter materials she helped us to select look absolutely stunning in place. blanca’s attention to detail and follow-up were outstanding, and we would not hesitate to recommend her!
melinda l.

we enjoyed working with victoria torres. she was patient, knowledgable, and understood what we wanted. we felt relieved that if we had a problem during construction the kitchen store would back us up. victoria checked on our progress and was always prompt in responding. her references were great and she made the whole daunting process easy.
haim s. 


great company. the kitchen store was able to design the kitchen i wanted. they had complete knowledge of the product which were kitchen cabinets. there were many styles to choose from.
lilli4 


having a complete kitchen to make over from scratch during a recent remodel at our home led us to the kitchen store. kenny our designer guided us through the process and we could not be happier with the results!
ziprealty 




 

hot off the press
more google customer reviews





beautifying kitchens for over 50 years
serving los angeles, ventura & orange county homeowners
since 1965, the kitchen store has provided expert design assistance and a huge selection of quality kitchen cabinets at factory-direct pricing to help you update your kitchen affordably. whether you love traditional cabinets or want the latest kitchen cabinet styles, we can help you find exactly what you want and save you a significant amount of money on new construction or kitchen remodeling.
one of the area’s largest kitchen showrooms
the kitchen store has one of the largest kitchen showrooms in los angeles and orange counties – 7,000 square feet, to be exact – in order to provide you with an expansive selection of quality countertops and discount kitchen cabinets. there are hundreds of options for cabinets, countertops, in colors, styles and materials that will bring your vision to life.
experienced designers to assist you

  
 
*credit and loans provided by enerbank usa, member fdic, (1245 brickyard rd., suite 600, salt lake city, ut 84106) on approved credit, for a limited time. 17.99% fixed apr, effective as of january 1, 2021, subject to change. minimum loan amounts apply. interest starts accruing when funds are disbursed. interest is waived if repaid in 365 days. repayment terms vary from 24 to 132 months. actual loan term may be shorter if less than the full approved amount of credit is used. first monthly loan payment due 365 days after funds are disbursed.
interest is waived if repaid in 365 days. repayment terms vary from 24 to 132 months. actual loan term may be shorter if less than the full approved amount of credit is used. first monthly loan payment due 365 days after funds are disbursed.kitchen remodeling is easier than ever with help from the kitchen store. start by measuring your kitchen and making a rough sketch to give us an idea of the layout. next, make an appointment to meet one of our talented kitchen designers, many who have been designing for over 20 years! the design consultation is free and we will help you with cabinet and countertop styles, colors, features and design ideas.



you’ll pick from hundreds of options, and we’ll help bring it all together for you with a computer-generated design of your new kitchen.
finalizing your dream kitchen
before placing the order for your custom kitchen cabinets, your designer will come to your home and check measurements to ensure that your new kitchen will fit perfectly in your space. your designer will be happy to work with you, answer your questions, and offer further advice and suggestions to help you plan the kitchen of your dreams. we can also assist with the entire installation from start to finish!
let’s get started – schedule a free design consultation!
don’t put off your dream kitchen any longer. contact the kitchen store at (310) 572-7515 to schedule your free design consultation in our beautiful culver city showroom. you can also complete our online request form. we can’t wait to get started!
horizontal slideshow


home
about us
services
areas we serve
visit us
blog
sitemap

 





 operating hours:
9:00 am - 5:00 pm, monday through saturday
copyright © 2025 the kitchen store. all rights reserved.
for our studio clientele, click here.




 the kitchen store
6322 west slauson avenue, culver city, ca 90230
phone: (310) 572-7515

 request a free private showroom consultation



x

















request a free safe private showroom consultation
	






















—please choose an option—kitchen cabinetrybath cabinetry










δ













scroll to top













































x



















