





stonemill log & timber homes – building custom log & timber frame homes since 1974




































 









skip to content









800.438.8274  toll free|info@stonemill.com 

facebooktwitterlinkedininstagramyoutubepinteresthouzz 










  


search for:








homeabout usfloor plansphotosvideosour processevents






search for:




















homenewframe2025-02-06t20:07:57+00:00 
 
 loading...







bringing your
dreams to life. 


learn more
contact us











generation of memories
start here. 


learn more
contact us











build to love.
build to last. 


learn more
contact us









building custom log & timber frame homes since 1974welcome to stonemillstonemill log & timber homes has been family-owned and operated since 1974, building homes for people across the country to last for generations. headquartered in knoxville, tn, we use construction techniques developed by our appalachian ancestors that have proven to stand the test of time. with over 150 years of combined experience in the industry, our staff is ready to assist you every step of the way, from concept to completion. browse our photos and floorplans on this site, then contact us online, on the phone, or in person for information on how to start bringing your log home or timber frame dream to life.
floor plansphotosfeatured photosthe choice to build a log or timber frame home was an easy one. choosing which one suits you best, well, that could take a little more time. take a look at what we’ve built with other satisfied homeowners to help make your decision.
explore photosfrom our homeowners“we just wanted to take the time to say thank you so much for all your help and support before, during and after the construction of our log home addition. jim slaughter was very helpful and friendly making the process very pleasant. everyone at stonemill was awesome! “the crew at creekside was great! very hard working and professional. we look forward to sending you pictures of the finished product.”kevin & bonnie gallowayplan of the monthdurango


introducing our stunning timber frame barndominium, the durango, a perfect blend of rustic charm and modern living. this thoughtfully designed floor plan embraces the warmth of timber frame living while offering a versatile and open living space.
as you step inside, you’re greeted by an expansive open-concept living area with windows to capture breathtaking views of the surrounding landscape. the heart of the home is a generously sized kitchen, ideal for entertaining friends and family.
the main living area is anchored by a grand fireplace, creating a cozy ambiance for cooler evenings and adding a touch of timeless elegance to the space. the three bedrooms, including a luxurious owner’s ensuite, are conveniently located on the main floor, providing easy accessibility and a seamless flow throughout the home. the upstairs loft offers more flexibility if you need additional space for a home office, gym or game room.
the durango is not only a residence but a versatile space that adapts to your lifestyle. need a place to store your atv’s or side-by-sides? the flexible layout allows for use as a spacious garage. planning a social event? transform it into a party barn space that accommodates gatherings of all sizes. for those with a love for animals, this space can easily be converted for equestrian or other farm animal use.
the exterior of the durango provides a traditional barn look with charming cupolas atop the roof, adding character and a nod to classic design. timber frame post and roof construction accentuates the overhang for the covered porch area, creating an inviting outdoor space to relax and enjoy the beauty of the surroundings. gable end timber accents add architectural interest while maintaining the timeless appeal of a traditional, timber frame barn.
experience the perfect fusion of nature, craftsmanship, and modern convenience in our timber frame barndominium, the durango — a home designed for those who appreciate the beauty of timber framing and desire a space that adapts to their ever-changing needs.


read moremost recenthere’s what we’ve been up to recently.
we encourage you to visit our library for
educational tips and presentations.
explore videosstonemill log & timber homes design guidewe don’t build just any home. we specialize in traditional hand-hewn dovetailed flat log homes & cabins and authentic hand-pegged timber frame homes. our craftsmen work diligently to create spaces that will stand the test of time, like those that have stood for nearly two hundred years in the appalachian region of east tennessee. people who build with us want something more than a place to spend the weekend or the summer or all four seasons, they want something special.
with over 40 floor plans to choose from, we’re certain you’ll find just the right design or inspiration to create your custom plan. request your free information today and get ready to love where you live!download an electronic versionrequest a printed version

contact us
please let us know how we
can partner with you to make
your dream home a reality.





10024 parkside drive
knoxville, tn 37922







865.693.4833 phone
800.438.8274 toll free







info@stonemill.com

















 
 









facebooktwitterlinkedininstagramyoutubepinteresthouzz
 
 
 
 


 
 






 




x

 






















go to top




