



































convergence insufficiency - optometrists.org













































find an eye doctor










				search near me
			























vision therapy
children's vision
primary eye care
about
join
search


















home  >  vision therapy  >  vision therapy for children  >  convergence insufficiency 

convergence insufficiency




									by dr. russel lazarus
								





up to 15% of all children suffer with this eye condition.
convergence insufficiency (ci) is a highly treatable binocular vision condition that affects near vision and eye muscle coordination. convergence of the eyes occurs when the two eyes need to focus on a close object, such as a book, computer, tablet, smartphone, etc.
what is convergence insufficiency (ci)?
convergence insufficiency means the eyes struggle to focus easily for near tasks, affecting school work, attention and office performance in adults. 
a proper diagnosis of ci can prevent a child from being labelled as “lazy,” “spacey,” “clumsy”, “anxious,” and even misdiagnosed with adhd, dyslexia, or mild autism. 
how common is ci?
ci affects up to 1 in every 8 children, that is 13% of all school-aged students.
it is therefore possible, that four children in every classroom may be struggling with this condition!
diagnosis and treatment of ci is essential for your child’s success in reading, learning, sports performance, and more.
what are the symptoms of ci?
there are many different symptoms that can develop as a result of ci— these are the most common:

eyestrain
headaches or muscle tension
blurred or double vision
difficulty reading and concentrating
uses finger or ruler when reading
avoidance of close work
poor hand-eye coordination
anxiety
motion sickness/dizziness

if your child has ci, the following tasks may be challenging:

homework
computer work
attention
reading
writing
comprehension
making crafts

schedule an exam with an eye doctor who has experience diagnosing and treating ci with vision therapy, if you think that your child could be 1 of the 8 children affected by ci.
see related: do i have convergence insufficiency?

find an eye doctor for convergence insufficiency










			search near me
		


how is ci diagnosed?
a comprehensive eye exam including specific analysis of visual skills, binocular vision, convergence and focusing is required to enable identification of ci. 
a basic eye exam or screening with the 20/20 eye chart is not adequate for the detection of ci.
why is ci often undetected?
convergence insufficiency frequently goes undetected in school age children because comprehensive testing for ci is not included in pediatrician or school vision screenings, and standard eye exams conducted by ophthalmologists.
if an eye test does not include the specific tests mentioned above, this condition may remain undetected, affecting the child’s school and sports performances.
while the good news is that ci responds well to proper treatment— unfortunately,  since many children are not assessed  for ci, they are not getting the help they need early in life, if ever at all.
children, teenagers and adults who remain undiagnosed and untreated tend to avoid reading and close work as much as possible or use various strategies to combat symptoms, such as using a ruler or finger to keep one’s place while reading or taking frequent breaks.
can ci cause visual suppression?
if untreated, ci can lead to more serious eye problems such as lazy eye (amblyopia) or even an eye turn (strabismus).
if the convergence problems are left untreated, suppression can result. suppression of vision in one eye occurs when the brain actively shuts off one eye, causing loss of binocular (two-eyed) vision and depth perception.
in this case, some or all of the following symptoms may present:

trouble catching balls and other objects thrown through the air
avoidance of sports and games that require accurate depth perception
frequent mishaps due to misjudgment of physical distances:

trips and stumbles on uneven surfaces, stairs, and curbs
frequent spilling or knocking over of objects
bumping into doors, furniture and other stationary objects
sports accidents


avoidance of eye contact
poor posture while doing activities requiring near vision
frequent head tilt
problems with motion sickness and/or vertigo

contact a vision therapy eye doctor near you, if your child has experienced any of the above symptoms.
what is the best treatment for ci?
vision therapy is the most effective treatment for ci.
treatments for ci can be categorized as active or passive:

active treatment: a multi-site randomized clinical trial funded by the national eye institute called the convergence insufficiency treatment trial showed:

the best treatment for ci is supervised vision therapy in a clinical office with home reinforcement (15 minutes of prescribed vision exercises done in the home five days per week).
children responded quickly to this treatment protocol
75% of all children achieved either full correction of their vision or saw marked improvements within 12 weeks.


passive treatment: prismatic (prism) eyeglasses can be prescribed to decrease some of the symptoms.

although prism eyeglasses can relieve symptoms, they are not a “cure” and the patient typically remains dependent on the prism lenses.
adaptation problems can lead to the need for stronger prescriptions in the future.



scientific research, as well as optometric and ophthalmological clinical trials, agree that the primary treatment of ci should be vision therapy.
do pencil push-ups work?
unfortunately, no.
some ophthalmologists may still treat children with ‘pencil-push-ups’. while a 2002 survey of ophthalmologists and optometrists indicated that home-based pencil-push-ups therapy is the most common treatment, scientific research does not support this method.
studies done on pencil push-ups have shown it to be ineffective in eliminating symptoms.
vision therapy 
vision therapy is highly recommended for treatment of ci.
standard eyeglasses, contact lenses, medications, and surgery will not be effective in treating the condition. vision therapy focuses on training the eyes to work together to improve 3-d vision, depth perception, and clear binocular vision.
treatment exercises for ci may include:

eye tracking with pursuits and saccades
focusing for near and distance
depth perception practice
specialized equipment and tools such as prisms and lenses
training with computerized technology

the goal of vision therapy is to stimulate the communication between the brain and eyes, to enable clear and comfortable vision at all times.
according to dr. michael j. bartiss, o.d., m.d., f.a.a.o., f.a.a.p., f.a.c.s, pediatric ophthalmologist, “fortunately, in most cases, convergence insufficiency is very amenable to orthoptics and vision therapy.”
if you think your child may have ci, schedule an eye exam to assess your child’s vision skills.
recent published studies have shown that ci can be effectively treated.
learn more: guide to vision therapy
an eye doctor near you can prescribe a customized vision therapy program, tailored to your child’s specific needs. vision therapy can improve your child’s binocular vision— facilitating your child’s healthy development of many essential life skills.


 

share


 email
 facebook
 twitter
 linkedin
 print





										next article
do i have convergence insufficiency? »





related articles



do i have convergence insufficiency?





how is convergence insufficiency diagnosed?





effective treatment for convergence insufficiency





top 7 faqs on convergence insufficiency





understanding convergence insufficiency





the link between adhd and convergence insufficiency: prof david granet (ucsd)





does convergence insufficiency impact reading?





convergence insufficiency and adhd





convergence insufficiency: an eye focusing and aiming problem





vision therapy for convergence excess





convergence insufficiency faqs





can adults have convergence insufficiency?





do pencil push-ups work?






related topics



guide to vision therapy





guide to vision therapy for adults





guide to vision and learning difficulties





vision therapy for adhd





vision therapy for lazy eye





neuro-optometry












our most viewed vision therapy for children articles




vision therapy for blurred vision: success stories





lazy eye and crossed eye: what’s the difference?





how to help your students succeed 





vision therapy for special education: success stories





harvard statement: vision and literacy





what causes color-blindness?





a teacher’s guide to vision





optometric management of dyslexia







find an eye doctor










			search near me
		






about us
your plain english library for vision therapy, children's vision, neuro-optometry, and primary eye care.

about us
sitemap
contact us



vision therapy

guide to vision therapy
for adults
for children
for adhd
for learning difficulties
for lazy eye
neuro-optometry



children’s vision

vision for school
vision for special needs
visual development
pediatric eye conditions
children’s eye exams
eye turns



primary eye care

eye health
binocular visual dysfunction
low vision
myopia management
eye conditions
sports vision 
eye exams
optical and contacts




looking for an eye doctor?
find an eye doctor

have an optometry practice?
join the network


© 1996-2023 optometrists network - powered by eyecarepro - 70 north meadow crescent, thornhill on l4j 3b1, canada





find an eye doctor











