






 

african lion safari - your trip specialist


































































skip to content




search:
search






special offers testimonials contact us topbar_menu


wildlife africa
wildlife africa – your african safari specialist
wildlife africa - your african safari specialist


home botswana mozambique namibia south africa zambia zimbabwe 




 
home botswana mozambique namibia south africa zambia zimbabwe 









luxury african 
							game lodges & safari camps  in africa 
							african safari lodges
 


african honeymoon 
							safaris, south africa,  botswana, mozambique 
							honeymoon safaris
 


the best 
							in mozambique, botswana,  south africa and zimbabwe 
							african safari destinations 
 


low prices on africa safari  holidays 
							special offers
 














wildlife africa – your south african safari specialist





welcome to wildlife africa and our specialized collection for your wildlife safari in africa including all the best south africa destinations.





wildlife africa is a south africa based tour operator specializing in tailor made safari tours and holidays. we bring you the african safari, the kruger national park, the african lion safari, the african wildlife park and your luxury african safari and luxury train trips.





with more than 30 years experience of traveling in africa, we will take you to spectacular wildlife reserves and pristine wilderness areas, to exclusive african safari lodges and camps where specially trained game rangers and trackers are on standby to take you on day and night safaris on foot and on open safari vehicles. we offer a range of the best holiday destinations in south africa, botswana, namibia, mozambique, zambia and zimbabwe.
although we specialize in the luxury african safari, we offer a range of safari holidays, tours and packages to suit every taste and budget whether it be a guided tour through namibia, or a luxury safari camp in south africa, a stunning beach holiday in mozambique or a wildlife safari in botswana, zambia or zimbabwe, we pride ourselves on providing you with the ultimate african wildlife safari experience. the game lodges and safari camps we use for our itineraries, offer you the best african wildlife safari experience, fantastic game viewing, high standards of service and the african safari of a lifetime.






botswana





a vast selection of botswana safaris combining the best safari areas in botswana. safari packages include okavango delta, savuti, chobe national park, moremi, savuti and the salt pans





mozambique





at wildlife africa, we offer a range of mozambique island lodges and holiday destinations. this african gem has a coastline regarded as a diving, deep sea fishing and snorkelling paradise.





namibia





welcome to wildlife africa’s selection of safari destinations in namibia – namibia is a country of startling contrasts that straddles two great deserts: the namib (after which it is named).





south africa





our selection of luxury african safari vacations, incorporating 5 star properties in south africa, botswana, mozambique, zambia and zimbabwe





zambia





on safari from livingstone in zambia with wildlife africa safaris and tours. wildlife africa selection of safari holiday packages from livingstone in zambia





zimbabwe





welcome to wildlife africa’s selection of packaged safari holidays in zimbabwe the diversity of attractions available make zimbabwe a holiday paradise.











african safari vacations





wildlife africa offers a big range of luxury african safari vacations throughout southern africa…


learn more








botswana fly in safaris





all the safari packages on this page are inclusive of all accommodation costs, air and road transportation…


learn more








malaria free safaris





safari and tour packages to malaria free safari areas in south africa, pilanesberg, madikwe and…


learn more








kruger park safaris





luxury kruger national park safaris, safari deals and packages…


learn more
































wildlife africa homeafrican  honeymoon safaris vacationsafrican wildlife gallerybotswana  safarissouth africa safarismozambique vacationnamibia safaris tourszambia safari vacationzimbabwe safarishotel lodge accommodationafrican beach holidaysafrican safari toursafrican game lodges & safari campsafrican safari destinations – by countryoverland expedition safarisluxury train tripsafrican safari specialslinksanimal behaviourtestimonials 












































