


bakingsheet





















    
	bakingsheet
	
  
the most important thing in the kitchen. except the oven. and ingredients.





sunday, april 01, 2007



	 
	 introducing "baking bites"!!!
	 
    


thanks for your patience, everyone! i have migrated over to a brand new url, and with the new address comes a new name: baking bites.the new site has a new look, increased usability (including a top-notch recipe index!) and all of the usual recipes. there will be lots of new content, as well as many new recipes, to look forward to now that the site is up and running.what are you waiting for - head over and check it out! there is a post about peep s'mores just waiting to be read!



posted by nic at 
     5:56 am 






monday, march 26, 2007



	 
	 patience and changes
	 
    


i just wanted to thank everyone for being so patient lately. i'm making a couple of changes to the site and it is taking me a little longer than anticipates. i have a couple of recipes waiting to go, but am trying to hold off on them for a few more days.bear with me, guys. i'll be back at 110% soon!



posted by nic at 
     5:34 am 






saturday, march 17, 2007



	 
	 traditional irish soda bread
	 
    


 the new york times ran an article this week about traditional irish soda bread - or rather, they ran an article that discussed how the loaf presented as "traditional" in the us is often not. the author's loaf had butter, sugar and eggs in it, as well as raisins, and turned into a very cake-like loaf. i myself am guilty, to a degree, of making a less-than-traditional loaf. i don't use butter or eggs, but i usually add a bit of sugar, caraway seeds and raisins. not that there's anything wrong with that, of course, it is good to know that the irish soda bread that i typically make is a variation on the standard, not the standard itself.the article hinted at the fact that the traditional recipe used only flour, buttermilk, salt and baking soda, but for some reason failed to include the recipe (it did include the cake-like version, however). i thought i'd step up and fill in the gap. i took out all the extraneous ingredients from my usual recipe and whittled it down to a plain, basic traditional loaf.the bread is best when it is warm and comes out of the oven with a crisp crust and a tender interior. it is easy to taste the buttermilk in the loaf, but it is very plain bread. i like it with soup, where it can sop up broth, or cut into slices (i often simply pull pieces off the loaf) and topped with butter or jam. irish butter is usually salted and will taste better with the bread than unsalted butter.traditional irish soda bread2 1/2 cups all purpose flour1 tsp salt1 tsp baking soda1 - 1 1/4 cups buttermilk preheat oven to 350f and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.in a large bowl, combine all dry ingredients and stir together. add buttermilk and mix with a large spoon (or with your hands, shaping your fingers into a "claw") until the dough comes together. you might need two tablespoons more or less buttermilk depending on the weather. the dough should be moist, but not so sticky it is very hard to handle.shape into a round and place on baking sheet. cut an x into the top with a sharp knife and bake for about 45 minutes, until dark golden. a toothpick will come out clean.cool on a wire rack for about 10 minutes before slicing. bread is best served soon after baking. 



posted by nic at 
     5:29 am 






wednesday, march 14, 2007



	 
	 chocolate mint sticks
	 
    


 "who's gonna turn down a junior mint? it's chocolate, it's peppermint -it's delicious!" -- kramer, seinfeldi know one person who does not like the combination of chocolate and mint, but to be fair, he does not care for peppermint-type flavors in general. doubtless there are a handful of other people who also do not care for the combination, but the vast majority of people simply adore it. the freshness of mint complements the rich and intense taste of chocolate (particularly of dark chocolate) and makes the two a winning pair.junior mints and york peppermint patties are two of the best examples of this flavor combo, but maida heatter's chocolate mint sticks might even be better. the little bars are dense, but tender, and intensely chocolaty. on top of the chocolate layer is a thin glaze of peppermint, which in turn is topped with a drizzle of melted, bittersweet chocolate for contrast. it tastes like a little candy bar, only better.as if the outstanding flavor weren't enough, the "sticks" are even better when they are cold, so store them in the fridge or freezer and use them as a treat to cool off with on a hot summer day (or a hot winter day, if you have also been experiencing this year's rather odd temperature shifts!).chocolate mint sticks(adapted from maida heatter's book of great desserts)2 ounces dark chocolate1/2 cup butter2 large eggs1 cup sugar1/4 tsp salt1/2 tsp vanilla extract1/2 cup all purpose flour1/2 cup mini chocolate chips (optional) preheat oven to 350f. line a 9-inch square cake pan with aluminum foil and lightly grease.melt chocolate and butter together in a small bowl in the microwave, stirring after every 30-second interval until smooth. set aside to cool.in a large bowl, beat eggs with sugar, salt and vanilla extract until smooth. beat in chocolate mixture, then stir in the flour at low speed. mix in chocolate chips, then pour batter into prepared pan.bake for 28 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.cool completely on a wire rack. mint icing2 tbsp butter1 cup confectioners' sugar1 tbsp milk or cream1/2 tsp peppermint extract mix all ingredients in a small bowl until smooth. spread evenly on cooled chocolate base, then refrigerate for exactly 5 minutes while you make the chocolate glaze. bitter chocolate glaze1 ounce unsweetened chocolate1 tbsp butter melt together chocolate and butter in a small bowl, in the microwave, stirring after every 30-second interval until smooth. immediately pour the hot glaze (it should be fairly fluid) over the chilled chocolate/mint base. tilt the pan around to coat the mint layer as much as possible, or drizzle over evenly. some white will show through; this is ok.refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before removing foil and chocolate bars from pan and cutting into 24 thin bars with a sharp knife.sticks can be served at room temperature, but are best when chilled or frozen.makes 24. 



posted by nic at 
     3:14 pm 






friday, march 09, 2007



	 
	 whole wheat cinnamon raisin bread
	 
    


 it has been a while since i have posted a yeast bread recipe. this isn't because i haven't been baking them, however. i have simply been sticking to old favorites for a while, like sourdough and country white bread, and have been working on a new baguette recipe that i really like (not ready for prime time yet, sorry!). what this all boils down to is that i have been in a bit of a rut and was finally kicked out of it by a box of cinnamon raisin granola. the granola was so good that after running through a box of it for breakfast (and snacks), i decided that i needed to make some cinnamon raising bread for toasting in the morning as a replacement.cinnamon and raisins obviously played a role in the bread, and i went for a fairly plain loaf, rather than doing the slightly more traditional cinnamon spiral. since granola is a whole-grain product, i also decided to go with whole wheat in my bread. i used both whole wheat flour and white whole wheat flour, as i wanted to maximize the amount of whole grain in the bread but didn't want the texture to be too coarse, which can be a fault of whole wheat-only breads. i used honey, instead of regular sugar, to add some sweetness to the bread, and i used both buttermilk and butter to ensure that the finished loaf had a hint of a buttery taste to it. the buttery taste is a good feature in bread meant for toasting.all in all, the bread turned out to be very satisfying. it wasn't too heavy or dense because i gave the bread a long time to rise a develop small air pockets as the yeast did its thing. the final loaf also had the tenderness that the relatively low gluten (lower than regular flour, anyway) whole wheat flour provides. the cinnamon was mild in the untoasted bread, but came out beautifully in the finished product. i wish now that i would have tried a few slices of french toast with the loaf, but the call of the toaster was just too tempting and just about every single slice ended up there.butter, jam and peanut butter (not necessarily together) are my top three toppers for toast made with this bread, but use whatever strikes your fancy. but be sure to toast it. it's well worth it! whole wheat cinnamon raisin bread1 tbsp active dry yeast1/4 cup warm water (approx 110f)1 1/4 cups buttermilk, room temperature or a bit warmer1/4 cup honey2 tsp salt2 tsp cinnamon1 cup whole wheat flour2 - 2 1/2 cups white whole wheat flour2/3 cups raisins in a large bowl, combine yeast and warm water. let stand for 5-10 minutes until foamy.mix in buttermilk, honey, salt, cinnamon and whole wheat flour. stir well. gradually mix in white whole wheat flour, stirring with a wooden spoon until dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl. turn out onto a lightly floured surface, adding a bit more flour as you go to keep it from sticking, and knead until smooth and elastic, about 5-7 minutes (it won't get quite as smooth as breads made with other flours, but it will still be a bit stretchy). place in a lightly greased bowl and cover with plastic wrap. let stand for 1 1/2 - 2 hours, until doubled in size.preheat oven to 375f.turn bread out onto a lightly floured surface and gently deflate. shape into a rectangle, then form into a log by folding the short ends into the center, then pulling the long ends up and pinching them together. place dough seam-side down into a greased 8x4 inch loaf pan. let rise for 45-60 minutes.bake at 375f for 35-40 minutes (until an internal-read thermometer inserted into the bottom of the loaf reads approx 200f). remove from pan and cool completely on a wire rack before slicing and toasting.makes 1 loaf. 



posted by nic at 
     3:10 pm 











about me

name:  nic 
location:  los angeles, california, united states 
view my complete profile








previous posts

introducing "baking bites"!!!
patience and changes
traditional irish soda bread
chocolate mint sticks
whole wheat cinnamon raisin bread
black forest tart
peach passion muffins
sour cream streusel coffee cake
flourless chocolate mini cakes
red velvet cake sandwich cookies

archives

november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007


subscribe toposts [atom]











 



