



sutherland guest houses caravan park & stargazing | sterland



























































home
sutherland

our town
historically
the observatory


your hosts
self-catering accommodation

skrywershuisie guest house
skywershuisie annex
la pari pari guest house


sterland caravan park

mass camp
glamtent


stargazing

sutherland stargazing
photographic workshop
sky news


things to do

activities

walking trails
mountain biking


day tripping

southern african large telescope
mountain passes
in town


explore sutherland at sterland
fossil tour with jaco in the veld
what’s in the sky?


articles
gallery
links
blog
videos
reviews
contact
 


 


get in touch with us 






















 
slide-1slide-2slide-3 









time

sutherland, south africa


about sutherland1550 meters above sea level lies a beautiful town sutherland, situated in the northern cape.
accommodationthere are a variety of accommodation options available to suite all needs and budgets.
sterland caravan parkcamping under the stars, at the coldest place in south africa, making you wish that you can see forever.
sterland stargazingstar gazing sessions are presented almost every night throughout the year.sutherland350 km on the tar road from cape town and 1550 meters above sea level lies a beautiful town sutherland, situated in the northern cape. it forms part of the karoo hoogland municipality which includes williston (145 km away) and fraserburg (110 km). the town was established in 1855 with everything focused around the dutch reformed church.read more
watch our videoso much to see, so much to do . . .star gazing sessions are presented almost every night throughout the year. remember to "dress up for the occasion". evenings are cool so in order for you to enjoy the program more thoroughly, being warmly dressed is essential.please always confirm the starting times when booking for star gazing and note the show is two hours long. you as the star gazer are first treated with an indoor presentation on a three meter size screen with explanations of the constellations and size of the universe. a short dvd about sutherland is also shown. astronomy related posters and books including wayne mitchell's star gazer's deep space atlas will be on display.
photographic workshop
walking trails
mountain biking
mountain passeslearn more
















sterlandrita and jurg moved from swellendam after having lived there for 25 years, rita as a primary school teacher and jurg as bank manager. rita, born in sutherland, always had the passion to return and be of service to the community.
sterland caravan park received a travellers' choice award from afristay  

contact


gps coordinates:
		s 32 24 30.97 e 020 39 31.34



+27 (0)86 650 8939



+27 (0)82 556 9589



info@sutherlandinfo.co.za






							© 2018 - 2021 sterland guest houses & stargazing. website designed & hosted by personalised promotions.						









				contact form			


 










 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 contact number (required)
 

 your message
 







			close			

































