











ccwsa






































≡ menu
customer service
rates & billing
our water
reservoir
education





pay water bill online
pay  water bill by phone
contact us
new phone system – 770.479.1813




welcome





cherokee county water and sewerage authority
strives to provide high-quality water and sewer service to more than 225,000 residents in cherokee county, georgia.






the historic etowah river originates in the mountains of lumpkin county north of dahlonega and flows in a southerly direction into cherokee county. the hollis q. lathem reservoir is created from the waters of yellow creek, another north georgia mountain stream. these are the main sources of cherokee county’s excellent water.










we’ve got answers!
check the frequently asked questions page for starters.










water cloudy?
fire hydrant maintenance can cause this. how do i clear it?










need help with bill?
we’ve got a sample bill to help walk you through it.










let’s go fishing!
fishing is a fun way to spend time together outdoors.












save time and money paying your bill each month!


enroll in automatic bank draft program


starting new service?
ccwsa requires a deposit to establish water service at a residence, business, or other location. if there is an existing meter, a transfer fee is due when service is requested. if there is not an existing meter, a meter must be purchased through our customer service department. for additional information, check this page.




ending service?
if you are moving or wish to have water/sewer service disconnected, please notify ccwsa at least one day prior to the date of disconnection.  you can use our contact us form to send your request, contact our customer service department at 770-479-1813 or fax the request to 678-493-2434.  for additional information, check this page.


get public notice!lead and copper rule - inventory search








the goal of ccwsa’s education & outreach is to provide our customers with quality water education so that they have the ability to make smart decisions for themselves and their community.





— in the news —




consumer confidence report awardetowah water treatment facility receives top honorswastewater facilities receive awards from georgia association of water professionals


 







© 2008- ccwsaall rights reserved worldwide140 west main street, canton, ga 30114phone: 770.479.1813
		
frequently asked questions
employment opportunities
wastewater treatment
waste hauler permit
backflow prevention device inspection report
memberships/affiliations
forms library

public notices
our mission
history of ccwsa
board of directors
budget & audits
financial report (acfr)
e-verify



ccwsa on facebook

info for developers
ccwsa maps

board meetings
media center





	web developer: studiosr, llc

scroll up







