






custom awards, plaques, and trophies | the award group










































































recognition products

certificates
embedments
emblematic jewelry
custom medallions
custom plaques
custom scrolls
custom trophies
custom lapel pins
veterans pins


recognition by industry

associations
competitions
corporate recognition awards
educational
financial
government
healthcare
media & entertainment
music
non-profit
sports


recognition programs

annual awards
certification
custom awards website
dealer
donor
employee
executive & board members
music
membership
sales


about us

why the award group
testimonials
a letter from our president
the a-list award
client list
blog


get started

our process
frequently asked questions


contact us
(212) 473-7000
 






















































































custom award products
• custom plaques
• custom trophies
• embedments

• custom medallions
• scrolls and certificates
• emblematic jewelry
learn more















recognition by industry
• associations
• non-profit
• corporate
• educational
• government
• healthcare
• media & entertainment
• sports
• financial
• competitions
learn more















custom recognition programs
• employee
• donor
• executive & board
• membership
• sales
• dealer
• certification
• annual awards
• custom awards website 
learn more















who we are
the award group is a us designer and manufacturer of custom recognition products, including all types of custom awards and trophies, and corporate branded or branded awards. the award group has a history dating back to 1789. we pride ourselves on our products being made in america by our craftsmen with decades of experience. whether creating custom awards or reproducing your current recognition, we provide the best quality and service. we invite you to explore our site by product, industry and program to choose from our wide range of custom awards and trophies. we look forward to providing you with the finest and highest quality custom awards and corporate recognition products .

learn more








frequently asked questions

what materials are used to make custom awards?



            many factors go into the material of custom awards and trophies - primarily, the overall design you want and your budget. you have to consider the weight for shipping, durability, where the award will be placed and much more. we work with crystal, plexiglass, various metals (gold, silver etc.) stone, wood and lucite, to name a few materials. we can even do a combination of materials. the possibilities are endless. the award group is a one-stop shop for recognition needs and custom awards. we have a full line of products such as certificates, plaques, trophies, emblematic jewelry, medallions, scrolls, certificates and much more.
          




can i choose the color when engraving/ printing my custom awards?



            you can do anything you want with color when it comes to engraving or printing. we can even match the colors of your logo. when designing custom awards and trophies, our team will discuss the variety of options that are available to you in terms of color and engraving.
          




will you send a proof so we can see what my branded awards will look like?



            when designing a custom award, our clients are always sent a 3d rendering of their award. clients will then have the opportunity to make any changes to the custom award and approve the final design. once we receive approval, the custom award is then produced. 
          




do you offer volume discounts on the custom awards?



            yes, quantity and budget are always taken into consideration. when it comes to custom awards, the greater the quantity ordered the less expensive the unit cost. the award group will work with your budget and help you to get the best price possible.
          




what’s the average time for delivering custom awards?



           our team is committed to providing the most efficient and fastest service to get your custom award into your hands quickly. when a new custom award is ordered, one of the first questions we ask is “what is the time frame for the award?” certain products take longer than others. when we design for a client, we take into account their budget, the overall look they want and the time frame.  we have a line of plaques, crystal and desktop awards that can be turned around in 4 weeks. the average advance time is 4-8 weeks prior to an event.
if you are starting an entire award program, it’s wise to allow 3-4 months depending on its quantity and complexity. this allows for concept, design, revisions, sampling, manufacturing, and shipping.
          




can i get changes done after the final product is ready?



            a custom award will not go into production until the client has approved the design or if time allows an actual sample.  any tweaks or changes can be made at this stage of the process.  once production starts changes are difficult if not available. that is why allowing ample time to make a sample is always advisable.
          




how to order custom awards from you?



           at the award group, we make ordering custom awards easy. one of our experienced sales associates will walk you through each step of the process. first, we will need to know what type of an award you’re looking for, the overall look you want,  your budget, how many awards you need, and the time frame.  next, our design team will get to work on creating a custom award tailored to your needs. once designs are created, they will be sent to you for approval. clients are sent a 3d rendering of the award. any requested tweaks are made and the client is asked to approve the final design. once approved, the custom award will go into production. ample time to make a sample is always advisable.
          











contact us


















new york
new jersey
connecticut
washington d.c.
virginia
florida

telephone (212) 473-7000










the award group is a registered service mark of the award group, inc. | privacy policy | sitemap




fill out my online form.


×




















			this website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, which allow our company to obtain information about your visit to the website. please click here to learn more about the cookies used on this website and how to change current 
			settings if you do not agree.  by continuing to use this website (clicking on a picture or link under this banner), you consent to the use of cookies. 
		
i agree / close



contact us


