


online guitar lessons - truefire offers the best guitar lessons online


  log in join free  the best guitar lessons online master the guitar with expert educators & interactive video lessons join free now or     over 80,000 online guitar lessons from the best educators in the world make truefire the #1 
						most trusted music education resource for guitar players of all skill levels.  
				already have an account?  log in online guitar lessons. any device, anytime, at your own pace. truefire's interactive online guitar lessons are available on our website and apps for windows, mac, linux, ios, apple tv, android, and roku. join free now  get a free download + promo code! get a free download of truefire's top 20 guitar lessons plus a promo code for 50% off your first purchase!  learn. practice. play.    from grammy award winners to top session players, the best in the biz. truefire's interactive synced tab is the best way to follow the guitar lessons. crystal clear multi-angle video guitar lessons presented with high quality audio. learn how to play popular songs on guitar - it's quick & easy! work your way towards your guitar playing goals at your own pace. slow it down to learn at your desired speed and loop it until you nail it down. follow a learning path and track your way from beginner to advanced. there's something for everyone at truefire. pick your level and dig in! many other learning tools available such as metronome, tuner, and charts.  the best educators in the world from grammy award winners, to top session players, to world renowned teachers, truefire's guitar educators are amongst the best in the world.   marty friedman  greg koch  tommy emmanuel  robben ford  matt schofield  josh smith  tim pierce  jeff mcerlain  corey congilio  ariel posen  kirk fletcher  larry carlton  steve vai  pat martino  andy wood  and 400+ more great artists! every skill level. every style. 85,000+ interactive online guitar lessons featuring multi-angle hd video lessons, slo-mo, looping, synced tab, notation, jam tracks, and more. 
				get started now
			
				browse courses
			  beginner guitar lessons learn how to play guitar the easy way. get up and running quickly! blues guitar lessons take your blues guitar rhythm and soloing skills to the next level! jazz guitar lessons step up your jazz guitar playing with some of the best instructors! rock guitar lessons grab your axe and dig into the top rock guitar lessons online. country guitar lessons dig into the heart of country guitar and learn how to master the style. acoustic guitar lessons pick up that six-string and learn fingerstyle, songwriting, and more! and many more guitar lessons! learn how to play songs on guitar taught by the best online guitar educators in the world, truefire’s guitar song lesson system is a hands-on contextual music-making experience designed to accelerate the song learning process and simulate a full-band setting. 
				get started now
			
				browse song lessons
			              and many more popular song lessons! "tesla, peloton, and truefire: the 3 most interesting disruptors we must keep watching"  
			get started for free
		 millions of students trust truefire  “i’ve been a truefire all access student for over 20 years. i’ve watched the company grow and expand its catalog of courses and educators. the quality of the courses just keeps getting better. they offer so many styles of music, so there is always something there for everyone.” “i’ve never seen courses have the quality and name-brand educators for this low price anywhere. their customer service has always been excellent, and they have gone out of their way to answer any questions and make things right.” “amazing content. i've done acoustic blues lessons that have helped me develop way faster than i would have thought. pure quality.” "the world's most comprehensive library of online guitar lessons."  
			get started for free
		  
			join free
		 
			get started now
		 
			already have an account? log in join free login privacy terms      
        copyright 1999-2025, truefire. all rights reserved.
      


