


a guide to the city of salt lake city utah  |  the salt lake tourist and visitor center's official pocket visitor 
guide for 2025 | sltvc










   
salt lake tourist  &  visitor center









salt lake city utah


planning to come to salt lake city, the crossroads of the west - our free utah travel guides will assist and inform you 
before you arrive in utah.  salt lake is a city of unexpected surprises and brims with history, art, culture, entertainment 
and recreation - all in a beautiful location at the foot of utah's wasatch mountains.










covid-19 updates : 
if a business requires a mask, please wear it  -  or go somewhere else
try to maintain social distancing of six feet when you can...
wash your hands with soap and water numerous times during the day
keeping you informed on the latest coronavirus updates, 
 our utah.gov's official site 











































our guide to salt lake city




welcome to salt lake city utah.org our official online edition!


salt lake is a city of unexpected surprises and brims with history, art, culture, entertainment and recreation - all in a 
beautiful location at the foot of utah's wasatch mountains.



our free city guides and utah travel planners will assist and inform you before you arrive in utah and in turn provide 
a wealth of information once you're here.  enjoy salt lake!



the salt lake at a glance publication is an insiders guide and an actual visitor guide for the city of salt 
lake, ( "a city search of salt lake" ) and we can arrange to have free brochures mailed to you for any area of salt 
lake city and even park city utah.  


salt lake's most visited attraction!

temple square is salt lake's most visited attraction - a highlight for both visitors and local residents all year long.  
 lds official site

news release: public areas of temple square temporarily closed

all public areas of the church-owned buildings in and around temple square are closed.  
the closures will remain in effect until further notice.  the temple will re-open in 2027. 



the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints will hold its twice-yearly signature conference in april of 2025 
without in-person audience as it has done recently because of lingering concerns about the coronavirus pandemic.

the conferences usually bring some 100,000 people to the church conference center in salt lake city to attend five sessions 
over two days. instead, church leaders will be inside a small auditorium with only a few other people as the 
speeches are broadcast live online around the world.


next conference weekend - april 5th - 6th 2025
tune in for a general conference: 
 official site


stand up to cancer is a groundbreaking initiative created to accelerate innovative cancer research that will get new therapies to patients quickly and save lives now.  
please join this movement today.  visit their site and  subscribe to their newsletter.

when you become a part of the stand up to cancer online community, you are becoming part of the movement to bring an end to cancer.  
as a member of su2c you will receive their monthly newsletter which includes the latest updates on su2c cancer research, patient stories, prevention tips, information on su2c initiatives and new ways you and your loved ones can get involved in the fight against cancer.


the salvation army - la wildfires
please dontate if you can to help them in their efforts.  

the salvation army is providing financial resources to support the immediate and long-term recovery needs for the people 
and places affected by the devastating la wildfires.



if you still have questions, contact their official site 
 the salvation army, usa.org


would you like to have a free salt lake city visitor guide mailed to you?  just ask...




an overview of salt lake
salt lake combines the amenities of a large metro area with the opportunity to take advantage of year round outdoor recreation within minutes in every direction.  an attractive, safe, and growing city, salt lake offers unequaled views, a thriving economy, exciting nightlife, remarkable history, the warm hospitality of a small western town, and *the greatest snow on earth, tm*.  salt lake is an incredible destination for patrons of the performing arts with: ballet west, utah opera company, ririe-woodbury dance company, repertory dance theatre, mormon tabernacle choir, the utah symphony, numerous theater groups and over twenty art galleries are within minutes of downtown hotels.





salt lake is located in northern utah and sits in a large valley between two mountain ranges, the wasatch on the east side and the oquirrhs to the west.  getting to salt lake has never been easier.  all of the major airlines fly into salt lake, so you can get here in no time.  half of the u. s. population is located within a two and a half hour flight from salt lake and two major interstate highways, i-15 and i-80 intersect in salt lake city.  

since hosting the 2002 olympic games, salt lake has shined and continues to showcase our city's profile as a destination to visit.  when winter hits, the snow falls on the slopes of our four world-class ski resorts, which are alta, brighton, snowbird, and solitude.  up in park city, three world-class ski resorts and the utah olympic park are less than a 40 minute drive from downtown salt lake.  with the influx of relocatees, and owners of second homes, park city has transformed itself into a vibrant year-round city.  during spring, summer and fall, our canyons are filled with hikers, rock climbers, mountain bikers and outdoor enthusiasts.

salt lake city is the utah state capital and seat of salt lake county.  located in the north central part of the state, it is 24 km (15 miles) east of the great salt lake, and is situated along the western slope of the wasatch mountain range.  the salt lake valley was once part of ancient lake bonneville.  now, only a few rivers pass through our city.
salt lake city is the worldwide headquarters of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints.  salt lake is utah's largest city in a large region of the interior west and serves as the industrial, financial, and commercial center of utah.
 


salt lake city has a dry climate, with only 411 mm (16.2 in) of precipitation per year.  however, the wasatch mountain range is well watered, and the runoff is used to water the valley.  the average july daytime-nighttime temperature range in the city is 33 to 18 c (92 to 64 f), and the average january range is 2 to -7 c (36 to 19 f).



downtown salt lake city's trax light rail


downtown salt lake city
is noted for its wide streets and spacious blocks, a legacy of the mormon settlers who laid out the city in 1847.  the city 
was built on a grid system based on the four streets bordering temple square, the focus of the downtown area.  inside temple 
square is the mormon temple, which took 40 years to build - from 1853 to 1893.  other important sites to visit are the 
mormon tabernacle, the utah state capitol building, the salt 
lake city and county building, the roman catholic cathedral of the madeleine, the university of utah, and 
the delta center where our utah jazz play their home games.  trax light rail was completed in 2001 and provides 
quick access from one area of the valley to the next although a vehicle is still the choice of transportation means.  for 
more info on salt lake cabs, taxis, shuttles and transportation info 
click here.  one-of-a-kind, unique  shopping in salt lake city

the salt lake city international airport is just minutes west of downtown city center.  thirteen blocks west of temple square lies the utah state fair grounds, and the utah state capitol building stands slightly to the north.  south of temple square is the city's central business district with many fabulous hotels. the main campus of the university of utah is just fifteen blocks east of city center.
the latest salt lake census figures can be found on this page...  demographic info for salt lake city  possibly looking for a home to buy?  salt lake's multiple listing service is on the  utah homes for sale page.

salt lake city vacation planning
salt lake visitor guides, travel planners 
 plus discounts & coupons

interesting facts - at least we think so...
did you know that harmons kentucky fried chicken started in salt lake city?  it was the model and first franchise of kfc.  
it's still there today at 3900 south and state street.  do you know what salt lake's culinary claim to fame is?  
ever hear of fry sauce?  it's the sauce comprising mostly of mayo and ketchup that you dip french fries in.  
up until a few years ago you could not get it outside of utah, now all the fast food chains carry it.  
how about a pastrami burger....started here in utah.




three aaa travel offices are located throughout salt lake city and one of the many benefits of being a member of aaa is 
is that you can stop by and pick up guides, maps, and many other brochures to assist you during your visit to salt lake.


foothill area, east of downtown salt lake city
1400 south foothill drive, ste. 154 at 1300 east.
phone: 801.266.8472



murray area of salt lake city - midvalley
5207 south state street, ste. 2
phone: 801.238.1250


draper utah, southern part of the salt lake valley
185 east 12300 south, ste. 100 at draper pkwy.
phone: 801.878.8500



official websites of hotels located throughout salt lake city visit. 
for more info on salt lake city downtown hotels  visit 
 hotels salt lake convention center vicinity
for salt lake city hot deals & discount coupons  view these deals

finding a job in utah
looking for your first job or transitioning careers? search our robust job board of more than 20,000 open jobs in a 
variety of fields.   finding a job - state of utah workforce services - official site


would you like a free salt lake city visitor guide and discount coupons, or ski planners 
to save you money while you are here?  we're here to help you save money and enjoy your vacation or upcoming move to salt 
lake city.



______________________________

site features, our menu 

things to see and do 

 activities for kids when visiting
 attractions & historic sites
 visit temple square
 shopping
 sightseeing tours
 family history & genealogy records - research library
 salt lake city arts, entertainment and music listings
 utah outdoors & recreation, camping, fishing, hiking, boating, etc.
first time to salt lake ?
 our 5 minute guide to salt lake city
 park city utah vacations
 the town of park city
 salt lake city golf courses
 utah olympic oval in salt lake

transportation 

 salt lake international airport - official
salt lake taxi cabs, uber
salt lake airport shuttles
 trax light rail
 car rentals
 suv rentals
 rv rentals
 parking downtown salt lake

  


salt lake city lodging 


 downtown salt lake city hotels

 hotels salt lake convention center vicinity

 salt lake airport hotels

 salt lake mid-valley hotels

 west valley area of salt lake - maverik center hotels

 salt lake east valley hotels

 sandy / draper hotels

 child friendly, hotels with indoor pools

 extended stay hotels throughout salt lake

 meeting space in salt lake city

 support / contact us by email

year round visitor info 

 salt lake visitor guides, travel planners and discount packages
 plays, musicals, theatre, dance, concerts, music and the arts
 request free lodging brochures
 salt lake city liquor laws
 about salt lake city
 salt lake demographics
 history of salt lake city
 salt lake city restaurants
 salt lake city bars, nightlife
 everything throughout salt lake city - 102 community links:arts - theatre - dance - museums - fun - attractions - festivals - gardens - music
 the peppermill concert hall in wendover nevada
 wendover casinos - 90 minutes from salt lake
 salt lake city apartment rental rates
 salt lake city home & condo prices
 salt lake city homes for sale
 buses from salt lake city to zions national park
 transportation from salt lake city to southern utah
 last minute deals: discounted hotel packages
 salt lake city travel planners & coupons, free!!!
 salt lake city's best restaurants



winter vacation lodging 

 utah vacation lodging
 salt lake ski lodging
 park city lodging
 park city hotels



skiing utah 

 salt lake city ski lodging
 learn to ski & board
 utah ski resorts
 discount ski lift tickets
 where to rent skis & snowboards
 slc ski shops - new skis, boards & apparel
 ski salt lake


    

park city visitor info 

 visit park city
 park city lodging
 park city hotels
 park city restaurants
 park city homes for sale

moving to utah 

 moving to utah, moving costs, tax breaks and irs tips
 an epic moving checklist to help before you move to utah
 extended stay hotels throughout salt lake



welcome, we are proud to bring you our official online directory!  



we hope the information we compiled will be useful to you, and that you find everything you're looking for.  
when you do visit salt lake, bring us along on your mobile device, our goal is to make your visit more enjoyable by 
providing updated information. enjoy salt lake!




views


 




support / contact us by email


salt lake tourist & visitor center
© copyright 2000 - 2025,  all rights reserved.
 home








