





m.c. escher - the official website







































 








skip to content

























nederlands (dutch)galleryabout escherfoundationcopyright & licensingexhibitionsnewsshop 














 





 


 

visit our shop 
							m.c. escher 
collection 
							maurits cornelis (mc) escher - 1898-1972 
							







the official website
welcome to mcescher.com, the official website published by the m.c. escher foundation and the m.c. escher company. we hope you enjoy this website and the wonderful art m.c.escher has given us.

maurits cornelis (mc) escher – 1898-1972
m.c. escher collectionvisit our shop

the official website
welcome to mcescher.com, the official website published by the m.c. escher foundation and the m.c. escher company. we hope you enjoy this website and the wonderful art m.c.escher has given us.

about m.c. escher
experience one of the world’s most famous graphic artistshis art is enjoyed by millions of people all over the world, as can be seen on the many websites regarding his life and work. he is most famous for his so-called impossible constructions, such as ascending and descending, relativity as well as his transformation prints, such as metamorphosis i, ii and iii, sky & water i or reptiles.
read morewhat’s onlatest media news about m.c. escher as well as recently introduced products.
view all expo in toulousem.c. escher in asti, italy.m.c. escher in the palazzo dei diamanti, ferrara.what’s onlatest news & running or soon to come exhibitions in various places alle over the world.
expo in toulousem.c. escher in asti, italy.m.c. escher in the palazzo dei diamanti, ferrara.view all exhibitionsrunning, coming soon and recently held
check them all..visit our online galleryour gallery contains much of the work produced by m.c. escher during his lifetime. browse one of our collections.
enter the galleryvisit our online galleryour gallery contains much of the work produced by m.c. escher during his lifetime. browse one of our collections.
enter the gallerym.c. eschermaurits cornelis escher (1898-1972) is one of the world’s most famous graphic artists. his art is enjoyed by millions of people all over the world.
the biography of …copyright & licensingplease note: all works by m.c. escher are copyrighted.
international copyright laws protect all of the work of m.c. escher, as well as his spoken and written words.  any reproduction of his work, including downloading, is prohibited without the express written permission of the m.c. escher company.  if you want to use any of the work of m.c. escher – as an illustration in a book, magazine, an advertisement campaign, brochure, or on the internet – you must submit a request for reproduction of works.
submit copyright request
“we adore chaos because we love to produce order.”
maurits cornelis escher
“he who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.”
maurits cornelis escher
“i believe that producing pictures, as i do, is almost solely a question of wanting so very much to do it well.”
maurits cornelis escher
“i could fill an entire second life with working on my prints.”
maurits cornelis eschermore quotes
“we adore chaos because we love to produce order.”
maurits cornelis escher
“he who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.”
maurits cornelis escher
“i believe that producing pictures, as i do, is almost solely a question of wanting so very much to do it well.”
maurits cornelis escher
“i could fill an entire second life with working on my prints.”
maurits cornelis eschermore quotesm.c. escher foundationthe m.c. escher foundation was established by m.c. escher himself in 1968 and its goal was to preserve the legacy of his work. unfortunately, a large part of the original collection was sold in 1981 to an american art dealer and is thus scattered all over the world. read more..

m.c. escher foundationthe m.c. escher foundation was established by m.c. escher himself in 1968 and its goal was to preserve the legacy of his work. unfortunately, a large part of the original collection was sold in 1981 to an american art dealer and is thus scattered all over the world. read more..





 
 





stay in touch





 

the m.c. escher company b.v.

po box 101, 3740 ac baarn - the netherlandsvisiting address: nieuwstraat 6, 3743 bl baarn
phone: + 31 (0)35 541 80 41
email: info@mcescher.com

 chamber of commerce: 32099953
vat: nl8126.63.251b01

 

 

copyright & licensing
terms of service & privacy policy
about this website

 

shop
faq's
m.c. escher foundation
contact

 


 

 
 
 





		© copyright    |   all rights reserved   |   no part of this website and or works by m.c. escher may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or any information storage and retrieval system, without prior permission in writing by the m.c. escher company b.v.	



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



after receiving confirmation of shipping you should also get an email with tracking information. if you don't receive anything please check your spam folder or send us an email at shop @ mcescher . com 

dismiss

this website only uses cookies for basic website functionality and the online store.					

			ok		



























































go to top







