




major travel plc 
















































search







home
incentives

major miles


offers

holidays
tours


contact
careers

sign up
log in


 please log in here 
user name

password





























build your custom itinerary online





hold seats with passenger names
over 150+ suppliers compared
book holiday packages with deposit only













add your mark up to our net prices





upgrade cabin, add luggage or request a wheelchair
send pdf itinerary to your clients by email
display gross price on documentation with your logo











 

 







 

 







 

 







 

 










please log in here


user name



password



sign in to major go
sign in to classic m4a





































                       wyndham new orleans french quarter                      

                        new orleans, la, united states  
                        



                      10 nights holidays from
                        £1469pp
view all offers





















                       one&only royal mirage arabian court                      

                        dubai, united arab emirates  
                        



                      5 nights holidays from
                        £1475pp
view all offers





















                       grand mirage resort & thalasso bali                       

                        bali, indonesia                        



                        13 nights                       holidays from
                        £2539pp
view all offers





















                       the verandah resort & spa - adult only                       

                        antigua, antigua and barbuda                        



                        10 nights                       holidays from
                        £2549pp
view all offers








why choose us







amazing airfares
with almost 50 years trading as an airline consolidator we offer amazing fares on all the world’s leading airlines. we offer, complex itineraries, round the world, inclusive tour fares, your own gds terminal. 
 read more...








hotel deals 15% cheaper than trivago
find rates for over 250,000 hotels in over 120 countries across the world. our rates are often 10%-15% cheaper than trivago meaning you can offer not just a better service than the net, but also a better price. 

read more...








travel expertise
we have experts in it, sales, training, accounts and of course travel. talk to us whenever you have a query however insignificant it may seem and get expert guidance.
read more...










technology that puts you in control
our technology is ground breaking. it leads where others follow. most importantly, our technology boosts your efficiency, speed and productivity which means using it will actually make you more money! 
 read more...








tailor make any itinerary
no itinerary is too complex for us. when you need something really bespoke for a client and everyone else shies away, we will come to the rescue. complex itineraries are what keep us motivated! 

read more...








incentives
gadgets, vouchers, free travel, fam trips and major money are just some of the incentives we offer. for our best agents we even offer override bonuses to the business at the end of each year!
read more...











hot deals

whether you're looking for awesome hotel deals at your favorite travel sites, unsold rooms, or a wallet-friendly rate that fits your budget, major travel offers more than 250,000 hotels throughout north america, europe, latin america and asia. and if you're looking for cheap hotels, or one that's located in your desired destination, major travel has just what you're looking for as your go-to source among travel sites.














from £2615pp









windjammer landing villa beach resort  












                                                                              st lucia, st. lucia                                      





school holidays in miami & st. lucia! bring the grandparents along!

                                    14 nights
                                     , breakfast                                      
                                    







learn more
















from £2629pp









potato head studios at desa potato head  













                                                                              bali, indonesia                                      





flash sale! 50% off new ubud luxury boutique resort and spa

                                    14 nights
                                     , breakfast                                      
                                    







learn more
















from £2629pp









the ultimo  












                                                                              sydney, nsw, australia                                      





australia and the south pacific

                                    13 nights
                                     , room only                                      
                                    







learn more
















from £2639pp









hard rock hotel riviera maya  













                                                                              cancun, mexico                                      





hard rock romance in paradise - a couple's escape

                                    10 nights
                                     , all inclusive                                      
                                    







learn more






view all deals









exclusive holidaysget started











about us


                    founded in 1974 by the widdowson, major travel was created to serve the needs of travel agents. whilst the company has grown to become a significant wholesaler in the travel industry, the core family values upon which the business was established upon still remain at the heart of the company’s culture and ethos. 

                    at the core of our values is quality of service. whilst pricing, product diversity and technology are all important, they become redundant in the absence of outstanding service. so whilst we take all aspects of our business
                  





testimonials










dave emmerson
holiday getaway



we have been dealing with you for just under 6 months and are already doing on average 2 bookings a month. we had a potential problem with a group booking where the return flights were rescheduled by one day - i emailled paul who runs the helpdesk, never had to chase him up and this morning received an email advising me that it wsa fixed, no extra cost, no work for me - just fixed! thanks major, love dealing with you!!!









jenny jackson
travel-pa



ji have recently helped in the "setting up" of a new homeworking company, and following on from the great working relationship i had with my major whilst with my previous company...you will be our preferred flight consolidator for sure !!









christine smith
co-operative personal travel advisors



i am absolutely loving this new website; clear, concise and quick! well done major - you are going to be getting a lot more business from me!









yvonne cleary
premier travel



quality of service, friendly, informed and attentive staff









dave simpson
h-c trav
el ltd



i just wanted to say thank you for all the extra work you did with my cricket tour group to south africa in january. i met with some of the group recently and they reported that everyt
hing you/we arranged for them went very smoothly and that they were very pleased with the arrangements. so much so that they are thinking of doing a similar trip in early 2017. thank you again for all your help.









alex
the travel world



i have been dealing with major travel for over 6 years and i have always met great people working for major travel, their services are fantastic.









yvonne cleary
premier travel



easy to use website, lovely staff that are very helpful, great prices and not forgetting the major money which is nice to receive









carol hooker
h-c travel ltd



great prices, friendly staff, easy to use website, and major money









tresa hutchinson
the co-operative travel



i havent yet made a booking with major as you have only just become one of our suppliers, however i am very impressed with how easy you have made it and how willing you are to resolve issues. i have advised this to my colleagues and look forward to making future bookings with you.









paul r smith
world of transport



the friendly, efficient way in which the reservations team handles my enquiries, ensures that major gets all my business!









dino
economy travel



excellent fares and service









kim briggs
personal travel advisor



just wanted to thank you for giving me the info on major. just confirmed my first booking with them and i must say they were absolutely brilliant and so helpful.













offers













from £649pp









radisson blu resort & spa, malta golden sands  













                                                                                      malta, malta                                          





last minute delights of malta!

                                        10 nights
                                         , breakfast                                          
                                        







learn more
















from £665pp









lykia world antalya  












                                                                                      antalya, turkey                                          





wow! family easter school holidays at lykia world antalya!

                                        7 nights
                                         , all inclusive                                          
                                        







learn more
















from £675pp









witt istanbul hotel  











                                                                                      istanbul, turkey                                          





last minute! couple's city break in istanbul

                                        5 nights
                                         , breakfast                                          
                                        







learn more
















from £675pp









fosshotel raudara  











                                                                                      reykjavik iceland, iceland                                          





family adventure! explore iceland with a hop-on hop-off adventure!

                                        4 nights
                                         , room only                                          
                                        







learn more






view all deals






irish total protection (topp) policy cover:
              in compliance with the package holidays and travel trade act 1995 in the republic of ireland, an insurance policy has been arranged with travel & general insurance services limited, to protect republic of ireland customers’ prepayments in the unlikely event of our financial failure, and paid in respect of:
              travel inclusive packages sold by the policyholder (major travel plc) to customers in the republic of ireland (roi) with travel departing / commencing from roi, u.k. and countries within the e.u for:

a refund of such prepayment if customers have not yet travelled, or
making arrangements to enable the holiday to continue if customers have already travelled
repatriation of customers as may be applicable, subject to the terms of the insurance policy.

in the unlikely event of financial failure please contact t&g on 00 44 (0)207 065 5300.
a copy of the policy is available on request.
this policy is provided by travel & general insurance services limited (t&g), registered number 02527363 and underwritten by accelerant insurance europe sa uk branch (accelerant), an insurance company which is authorised and regulated by the prudential authority (ref. 940712).











©  major travel. all rights reserved. we're ⚡ by vyspa ltd
privacy policy
                    | terms and conditions

 


contact us



  020 7393 1000
 +44 20 7393 1000
@major4agents

                    7 linen house, 253 kilburn lane, queens park, london w10 4bq



newsletter

enter your email address to get special offers and other discount information delivered right to your inbox.












subscribe








@major4agents
all the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the atol scheme. when
                    you pay you will be supplied with an atol certificate. please ask for it and check to ensure that everything you booked (flights, hotels and other services) is listed on it. please see our booking conditions for further information or for more information about financial protection and the atol certificate go to: www.caa.co.uk


















