






find the top moving companies in your area




























































 















moving tips
city guides
moving company reviews
moving cost calculator
 



 








calculate the cost of your move
get free moving quotes from top moving companies





where are you moving from?
pick up location






get quotes 
go

















how big is your move?




studio  



1 bedroom  



2 bedroom  



3 bedroom  



4 bedroom  



5 bedroom  









when are you moving?





















where are you moving to?
drop off location







continue 
go















what is your name?







continue 















where should your quotes be sent to?


you're almost there!



my email address is:





continue 
go
















last step before you get your free quotes!
last step!


my number is:




get quotes 
by submitting this form you agree that based on your moving details you may be contacted by moving companies via an automated dialing system, sms, or pre-recorded message to the phone number provided above.














 thank you for your quote request!
here's what to expect next:

you will receive an email shortly (from topmovingcompanies.com) with your moving details and a list of movers who will be reaching out to you.
movers will contact you with your free moving quotes. be prepared to discuss your moving details.
compare the quotes you receive and decide if any of the movers are right for you.













finding top moving companies


in 2022 it can be hard to find a affordable, quality moving company. go online and do some research and the options can be mind boggling. what kind of movers do i need? what about licenses? insurance?…and the list of questions goes on and on.
but you’re in luck, because below is a comprehensive review on how to find the top moving companies around.
and if you’re looking to move and need a moving quote from a top moving company, fill out our form above.


find top moving companies in popular cities



new york movers
chicago movers
philadelphia movers
los angeles movers
houston movers
phoenix movers



top 5 qualities of the top moving companies


1) licensing & insurance: you can’t be considered a top of the line moving company if you aren’t properly licensed and insured. every long distance mover (a mover who can move you from one state to another) needs a license issued from the fmcsa and insurance coverage. for every local mover (a mover who moves you within one state), check with that state’s moving regulator (for example, in ca it is cpuc) to see if a mover has the appropriate license and insurance (not all states require a local mover to have a license and insurance).
2) contract: a moving company can’t be considered top tier if they don’t deal with you using a contract. one that contains all the details of your move, specifically the price. a contract protects both you and your mover and helps to reduce any confusion between both parties. a serious mover is one that offers you a contract.
3)accessibility: a mover you can reach regularly is a mover you can trust. when a mover isn’t afraid to pick up the phone to answer your questions, it’s a sign that they aren’t trying to hide something from you. stay away from a mover who doesn’t answer or return calls or emails, and if a mover doesn’t even have a working number or email, run away fast!
4) pricing & estimates: just because a moving company gives you the lowest price does not mean they are a good mover. compare the prices of several movers and see if one really stands our as being too low – that could be a warning of a mover who might practice “low-balling” tactics, where they quote you a low price only to raise it on moving day once your items are in their truck. a good mover will also make sure you understand all the charges and expenses (such as packing, packing materials, and storage).
5) positive web presence: the best movers around will have a positive web presence, meaning that wherever you find them online, they have relatively positive reviews. if others have had a bad experience with a particular mover, take their comments into consideration before you make your final decision.


movers vs. brokers - which is better?


when looking for a top moving company, you may run into both movers and brokers. a “mover” is an individual company that does all the moving and packing themselves. you speak to them directly and you work with them directly. a “broker” is a company that is a middle man between you and the mover. they will see what type of mover you need and will book your job with an mover they have an affiliation with. so how do you know which option is best for you? here is a rundown of the positives and negatives of both:
movers: a full service moving company can  do it all for you – packing, loading, driving, unloading, and unpacking. to get the full service moving package you will have to pay a premium, but some people find it worth it. but don’t fear, if the price is too prohibitive you can still hire a mover for only the parts you need them for (let’s say you can pack and unpack yourself but you need a mover to load, drive, and unload). a professional mover should be licensed and ensured, and they should offer you a written estimate before you pay them anything.
brokers: a moving broker is a company that has relationships with moving companies and helps book your move for you. this has its obvious benefits because you won’t have to do a ton of research finding a mover, but there are risks as well. with a broker, you do not have a choice in which moving company is assigned to you. the biggest risk here is that the broker may not vet the movers it works with to make sure they are properly licensed and insured, potentially leaving you with an unqualified mover.
so overall, it is best to stick with a full service mover than risk the issues that might arise with using a moving broker. here at topmovingcompanies.com we only deal with full service, licensed and insured moving companies.


how do top moving companies calculate their price?


you might find that different moving companies offer prices based on different factors, but the top moving companies around all use similar methods. let’s break it down between long distance and local movers.
long distance: a long distance moving company will usually use weight and distance to estimate your moving price.
local: a local moving company will usually charge you by the hour with a minimum amount of hours you’ll be charged for.
on top of these base costs, you may also pay more for packing, specialty items (like a piano), and storage needs.


are there different types of moving companies?


just like with every other business, moving companies can also range from small to large. some moving companies are based in one area and may only be able to take on moves that cover a short radius from their home base. others might be nationwide and can move anyone anywhere.
you might hear the words “van line” attached to the name of your company – typically a van line is a large company that has operators throughout the country. think of it like a franchise. a moving company can become part of a van line family, using it’s name and some of its resources, but is essentially it’s own company. that moving company will have to abide by the rules and standards the van line company sets. but a warning – some moving companies will not be part of a larger corporation but still call themselves a van line because it makes them sound more reliable.
for the most part though, you will probably deal with a regional moving company that operates in your area. but whatever you choose, make sure your moving company is licensed and insured. movers big and small need to be properly licensed to service a move.









copyright © 2022 topmovingcompanies.com


terms
privacy
 














