






franschhoek at your fingertips definitive guide franschhoek













































gary@franschhoek.co.za


special pages

weddings
conferences & functions
campsites & holiday resorts
maps
photo gallery
advertise
tourism services

airlines
car hire
tours and travel




weather report
blog
 












home
where to stay

accommodation
self catering
book online


restaurants
wines
shops

arts and antiques
beauty and hair
books crafts gifts
clothing & fashion
flowers and nurseries
food shops
health and wellness
home and decor
jewellery shops


activities

events


business & services

home & garden
franschhoek property
community organisations
community services
medical and health services
security


 


select page


  
 
 


















 



 



 



 



 



 













welcome to franschhoek







welcome to the valley of vines, superb wines, fine dining restaurants and exquisite accommodation. find a selection of the very best in franschhoek by clicking on the banners below to find more information about these establishments.





















chambray estate
the terraces in the vines



connect back with nature in sheer elegance as a guest at chambray estates cottages, the terraces in the vines.each cottage is tastefully appointed with sumptious fabrics and original art, bringing stylish luxury as close to nature as can be. a covered patio leads one out into the gorgeous gardens and private pool. all around are spectacular views of franschhoek’s magnificient mountains.







world renowned for its spectacular beauty, superb cape wines and world class restaurants, our beautiful village of franschhoek is a definite must-visit destination on any trip to the western cape of south africa.



founded in 1688 by french huguenots, our scenic gem nestles in a rich and fertile valley, between glorious towering mountains, right in the beautiful heart of the cape winelands.















 



 



 



 









jonquil guest cottage, set in a secluded, well established garden in the heart of franschhoek village







franschhoek accommodation







looking for accommodation for your visit to franschhoek? whether you are looking for a 5 star bed & breakfast experience or exquisite self catering accommodation, find the very best guest accommodation right here on our site. click on the banners on this page or visit our



comprehensive accommodation section for all the accommodation venues on our site. banners and accommodation links either go directly to the establishments website or to their web pages on this site.







looking for accommodation for your visit to franschhoek? whether you are looking for a 5 star bed & breakfast experience or exquisite self catering accommodation, find the very best guest accommodation right here on our site. click on the banners on this page or visit our



comprehensive accommodation section for all the accommodation venues on our site. banners and accommodation links either go directly to the establishments website or to their web pages on this site.














we’ve been expecting you! 
							 


a room with a vue! 
							 


exquisite rooms! 
							 


delicious breakfasts! 
							 




basil@capevue.co.za 
							+27 (0)21 876 2312 
							www.capevue.co.za 
							











cape vue country house is a beautifully appointed guest house, situated on a farm just 600m from the bustling village of franschhoek.




















franschhoek restaurants







for food lovers, franschhoek has a well known reputation as a dining out paradise. food connoisseurs and gourmands will find a delicious choice of restaurants in and around the village catering for both fine dining as well as family fare.



many of these eateries are award-winning and widely acclaimed, both internationally and locally. in season (oct – feb), it is wise to book your table. visit our franschhoek restaurants page to find a list of the best dining establishments in franschhoek.









an informal and relaxed food-and-wine experience focussing on uncomplicated, fresh and seasonal food, full of flavour and beautifully complimented by leopard’s leap wines.





an appreciation of the country’s diversity are reflected in the restaurant’s focus on heritage cuisine and how it embraces cultural influences, ingredients and recipes.













franschhoek wines







franschhoek is famous for it’s wines. the valley and mountain slopes are decorated by the vines of many wine estates, where one can relax and taste a variety of exquisite wines in majestic surroundings.
franschhoek is a wine lovers delight… the valley has a deep vigneron tradition, dating back to the 16th century. some of south africa’s oldest and most famous wine estates are found here.



these grand olde cape-dutch farmhouses and wine stores have watched proudly over the land for centuries; and the vineyards & wine estates still produce some of south africa’s top wines today.









a world of experiences. come and enjoy the finer things in life!





welcome to leopard’s leap family vineyards, leading wine producer situated in south africa’s famous franschhoek valley.







as an artist, i love exploring different mediums & techniques, which accounts for a fairly diverse portfolio of work.











wine tasting or is it wine drinking in franschhoek

by gary scott | apr 24, 2019 | wineswine tasting is one of the most popular activities in franschhoek. with its century’s old wine estates and excellent wines, people flock to franschhoek for the ultimate wine tasting experience. but what is wine tasting, or, should we just call it what it really is and...













shops & shopping






franschhoek has a plethora boutique shops scattered around the village.
you can find high fashion clothing stores, jewellery, antique and interior shops, specialty food stores and wine shops as well as many art galleries, all within easy walking distance in the heart of the village.










ebony curated pizazz really comes to the fore in their individually selected range of eclectic accessories and soft furnishings.







shop directories



























































business & services






find our selection of businesses and services in the franschhoek village.
















 



 



 



 



 



 



pixelhouse design studio 
							web & graphic design 
							073 2800 758 
							gary@pixelhouse.co.za 
							











gary and jo scott of pixelhouse design studio have been creating web sites and doing graphic design and art since 2007. numerous guest houses and businesses in the franschhoek village have pixelhouse designed websites. "local is lekker!"








business directories









































check out our 5 day weather report



flight information & bookings









franschhoek.co.za
webmastergary scott
31 van wijk streetfranschhoek
gary@franschhoek.co.za
privacy policy



 








created by: gary & jo scott copyright © 2025 franschhoek at your fingertips
 

 
 
 



























