







home - shenendehowa central schools  : shenendehowa central schools





















































 



















 due to the impending winter storm and out of an abundance of caution, shen facilities will be closed beginning saturday (2/15) at 1 pm through the end of the day on sunday (2/16).
 

skip to content




search





calendar
contact us
directions
menus
skip to content












home
about us
academics
athletics
board of education
budget
departments & services
employment
news
registration










 

our schoolsshen high school
acadia middle school
gowana middle school
koda middle school
arongen elementary
chango elementary
karigon elementary
okte elementary
orenda elementary
shatekon elementary
skano elementary
tesago elementary
select language:stay connectedsocial media

   
paypams

 student/ parent portal
 


  





middle school students designed and built a city of the future that embodies a solution to an important sustainability issue.
tesago musical theatre club presents spongebob the musical: youth edition on friday, february 7 at 7pm and saturday, february 8 at 2pm and 7pm in the high school west auditorium (click for more).
mrs. sansone and ms. butera’s 4th graders learning about lacrosse from 2 albany firewolves lacrosse players this week. 
orenda mindfulness assembly with tommie burch
gowana and koda students were recognized by the clifton park veterans of foreign war post #1498 for their winning entries in the regional patriots’ pen essay contest!
shen colorguard show – sat. 2/1 at 3:30pm at hse (click to learn more!)
gowana 6th graders learn about ancient egypt in the gowana library!
7th graders enjoy reading at the gowana library.
congrats to fll qualifier champions – ctrl+alt+elite and data deleted (click to learn more)!
animator, hsiang chin moe, met with the high school animation classes to speak about being an animator!
students in mrs. cornell’s class prepare and present care packages to our local police agencies.
skano second graders perform “paint the town december” for their skano classmates. the play highlights many of the holidays that are celebrated in december.
fbla and deca organized a toy drive for the melodies center at albany medical center. toys were collected from fbla and deca members, business students, and the girls basketball team. thank you to everyone that donated a toy!
members of the high school west orchestra shared their time and talents with residents of the summit at halfmoon. the students performed a selection of holiday tunes and seasonal favorites.
the special olympics invited our middle school unified pe students to participate in an activity of reaching out to people that they were thankful for in the area of inclusion. 
okte students transformed themselves into circus performers. students at okte learned circus skills in their pe class. fifth graders opted to specialize in platespinning, balancing, stilt walking, or other skills. the 5th graders then put on a show for their school community. 
mary beth tinker, one of the plaintiffs in the significant supreme court case on freedom of speech rights in schools, met remotely with students in ms. deming-mcnabb’s global 9 accelerated classes. students had re-enacted the supreme court case and written letters to ms.tinker.
150 students from high school west’s orchestra, bands and choirs performed for their winter concert! the students all did an incredible job!
the fll robotics qualifier went great! both of shen’s middle school teams were recognized for special awards and qualified to advance to the championship tournament at rpi.
mrs. lavarge’s students from our new criminal justice class visited judge d’agostino’s u.s. federal northern district court this week. they saw a reenactment of a sentencing hearing, met attorneys and probation officers.
team 20 was awarded one of the 2024 grants from the globalfoundries / town of malta foundation for $ 10,000 to purchase equipment and materials for the growing number of students who participate in first robotics.
tech 6 students creating their dream bedroom using tinkercad!
7th grade gowana students attended the lightning thief:  the percy jackson musical at the theatre institute and lunch in the dining hall at russell sage college.
gowana students enjoy the gowana pta holiday shop.
mrs. wheeler’s 1st graders learn their addition doubles fact by singing the doubles rap!





news:






                  tesago musical theatre club presents spongebob the musical: youth edition on friday, february 7 at 7pm and saturday, february 8 at 2pm and 7pm in the high school west auditorium (click for more).                









                  students in shenendehowa high school’s construction i and ii classes construct a 1,200 square foot modular home situated behind high school east– it is now up for bid!                









                  shen colorguard show – sat. 2/1 at 3:30pm at hse (click to learn more!)                









                  congrats to fll qualifier champions – ctrl+alt+elite and data deleted (click to learn more)!                









                  attention shenendehowa parents of rising kindergartners (click to read more)                









                  shen dance elementary clinic (grades k-5) on 12/15 at noon (click to learn more)                









                  the 2023-2025 national pta schools of excellence have been announced and gowana middle school and shenendehowa high school are on the list (click to learn more)!                









                  world language honor society induction – professional photos (click for link)                









                  elementary parent series – nurturing confidence, competence, and independence – october 9 at 6pm in the skano cafeteria (click to learn more).                 









                  thriving online: a conversation about digital safety – open to everyone – oct. 8 at 6:30 (click to learn more)                






  

superintendent: dr. l. oliver robinson
5 chelsea place, clifton park, ny 12065
518-881-0600
fax: 844-472-0451
after-hours emergency 518-603-4923
resources for:


calendar of events:embedded google calendar  

 
 
 
 
 


 5 chelsea place, clifton park, ny 12065  |  district operator •  518-881-0600  |  after hours emergency • 518-603-4923
maintained in accordance with the shenendehowa central school district web publishing guidelines by kelly barclay, public information officer, 518-881-0611. copyright © 2025 all rights reserved. this website was produced by capital region boces engagement & development services, albany, ny. the district is not responsible for facts or opinions contained on any linked site.
			some pages in our site are in pdf format and require the use of the free adobe reader to view and/or print.
			
						
		
 
top
 
























