




university of california museum of paleontology
































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footer
facebookinstagramtwitter
about
contact
people
values
faqs

support ucmp





university of california museum of paleontologymenumenucollections

databasescollections policies

ucmp community values 
data requestsgeneral informationinvertebratesvertebratespaleobotany

about the holdingscleared leaf collection 
microfossils

catalog & collection infooil well state & county list 

research

publicationspaleobiosgrad student research supportvisiting researchers
education & outreach

ucmp community valuesannual short coursesspecial eventsk-16 resourcespaleontology education at berkeley

grad student support 

online resourcesdiversitylatest news

ucmp newsletters








the ucmp short course is back! save the date on march 1 for the making of habitable planets & the origin of life










how do mass extinctions reshape ecosystems?










announcing the william a. clemens memorial fund in vertebrate paleontology










a forgotten cirripedological gem










research
collections
education & outreach
online resources
other ucmp websitesunderstanding global change
understanding global change
understanding evolution
understanding evolution
understanding science
understanding science
paleoportal (archived)
paleoportal (archived)
latest poststhe ucmp annual short course is back!posted january 23, 2025 
meet the t. rex and stem bonanza for cal day 2024posted april 10, 2024 
support our students during big give!posted march 8, 2024 
grasshoppers, kelp, and frogs featured in recent publications from ucmpposted january 31, 2024 
more news & updatesfooterucmp’s peer-reviewed journal
paleobios
volume 38, 2021:
new article by c. hickman,10/28/21
new article by n. bonuso et al., 08/21/21
new article by n. van vranken & c. boyd, 08/19/21


support our work
donate to the museum
you can make a direct, charitable donation on behalf of ucmp via berkeley’s secure give to cal website. give to cal also has additional information about other forms of donation and payment methods.
other ways to support ucmp


partners and collaborators
ucmp is a member of:

the berkeley natural history museums
science at cal



connect with us
facebookinstagramtwitter
subscribe to the ucmp mailing list

email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human: 


visiting
the ucmp is primarily a research museum and our collections are only open to the public during our annual open house on cal day. however, we have a limited number of fossil exhibits on display, including a magnificent tyrannosaurus rex . these can be viewed, free of charge, any time the valley life sciences building is open. learn more here.


contact
1101 valley life sciences building
berkeley, ca 94720-4780
valley life sciences building hours and directions.
voice: (510) 642-1821
fax: (510) 642-1822
e-mail: ucmpwebmaster@berkeley.edu


back to top  |  © 2025 university of california museum of paleontology.  all rights reserved.  |  privacy policy | image & use policy | log in 
















