



buy arch supports foot supports arch supports & more





















 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 










 














customer 
              service 415 504 8529












 feet relief 
            offers a wide selection of arch support items, foot supports and cushion 
            arch support insoles the lowest prices you'll find on line or off 
            line. many common foot problems can be alleviated through the proper 
            use of arch supports and foot supports and we have a selection that 
            offers something for everyone.







 

 


 birkenstock 
                                blue & birkobalance arch supports







 spenco® 
                                arch supports & orthotic insoles
                                


 

 


 superfeet® 
                                arch supports & footbeds











 

 


 powerstep® 
                                orthotic
                                arch supports




 


 the 
                                only brand available in multiple heights & 
                                widths

 
 




 pedag 
                                metatarsal 
                                supports & arch supports













 


 rx 
                                sorbo orthotic arch supports from sorbothane




 


 superstep 
                                arch supports from klm



 




 walkfit 
                                
                                platinum orthotic arch supports 













 


 clearly 
                                adjustable heel lifts the most adjustable lift





 


 varus/valgus 
                                heel wedges
                                3°, 6° and 9°






 


 texon 
                                fiberboard insoles adds rigidity to shoes



























 






 


 sole 
                                custom footbeds
                                heat moldable insole








 tacco 
                                arch supports and metatarsal supports




 


 children's 
                                arch supports
                                for kids of all ages 








all 
                          new arch support accessories
velcro dots - double sided tape - tongue 
                          pads
                          for attaching or enhancing any arch support
                          - click 
                          here -





 



 what 
              is the difference between foot and arch 
              supports?


foot 
              supports are basically the same as arch 
              supports but foot supports are specifically a one piece, full 
              length insole that incorporates an arch 
              support into its design. basically foot arch supports are arch 
              supports and can be used to treat common foot problems. arch 
              supports, on the other hand, refer specifically to the ¾ 
              length support piece that runs from the heel to the ball of the 
              foot. it is often made from plastic but it could be made from cork, 
              or foam. historically they have even been made from metal as well 
              but today plastic is the preferred material because it is light, 
              durable and easy to work with. 


 we 
              offer a wide range of arch 
              supports and foot supports 
              from firm support to soft cushion and everything in between. whether 
              you have painful foot 
              problems due to an injury or simply have sore and tired feet 
              because you stand all day, we have the products you need for you 
              at a great low price!
 


 

foot notes 
                  on arch supports
by
                  david fisher the owner of feet relief
types 
                  of arch supports
hard 
                  vs. soft
arch supports are 
                  constructed from a wide variety of materials both hard and soft. 
                  these different materials affect both the feel of the arch 
                  support and the level of support it can provide.
                  hard arch supports 
                  and orthotics typically provide a higher level of support than 
                  soft arch supports. 
                  today, some of the best hard arch 
                  supports and orthotics 
                  are constructed from polypropylene plastic. polypropylene is 
                  rigid enough to support the weight of an active, full grown 
                  adult but at the same time retains enough flexibility to allow 
                  the foot to work naturally and comfortably. these types of arch 
                  supports can take a little getting used to, especially for 
                  people with flat feet. typically, the flatter one's feet the 
                  longer it takes to get used to the arch 
                  supports because there is a greater degree for bone and 
                  tissue shifting.
                  soft arch supports 
                  are made from softer materials which can include soft plastic 
                  (such as nylon), rubber, foam and occasionally cork. soft arch 
                  supports don't provide the same level of support as hard 
                  arch supports or 
                  last as long but they are initially very comfortable and easy 
                  to get used to. people with extremely sensitive feet, extremely 
                  flat feet or extremely deformed feet (such as in the case of 
                  some elderly people) will be more likely to try these arch 
                  supports and stick with them because they are more comfortable. 
                  often times people that start off in soft arch supports gradually 
                  work their way up into more supportive harder ones.
high 
                  vs. low arch supports
                  all arch supports 
                  are sculpted with different maximum and minimum heights making 
                  some arch supports 
                  higher than others. it is important to know the relative height 
                  of a given arch support in order to gauge who it will be most 
                  effective for. arch supports 
                  that are significantly lower than a person's natural arch will 
                  not give their feet enough support and won't be of much benefit. 
                  arch supports that 
                  are much higher than a person's natural arch will feel uncomfortable 
                  from the start and remain uncomfortable, even after an extended 
                  and gradual breaking-in period.
the 
                  slope of the arch
                  all arch supports 
                  are designed with a slope that goes from a higher medial side 
                  to a lower lateral side, this is fundamental. what is not fundamental 
                  and varies considerably from one arch 
                  support to another is the curve of that slope. some arch 
                  supports have a straighter slope while others have a more 
                  concaved slope. all things being equal, the arch 
                  support with the straighter slope gives more support then 
                  the arch support 
                  with the concaved slope. 



 
 



 









home - information - 
        about us - contact 
        us 




 
         - return policy - 
        shipping information - 
        disclaimer - privacy







 
        © feet relief™ 2022













