

kentuckiana genealogy - genealogy in southern indiana and northern kentucky











welcome to kentuckiana genealogy
founded february 1997
this site covers all southern indiana and northern kentucky counties.  please feel free to 

join in the discussion boards and mailing lists.  there are so many people here who are searching for their ancestors! 
many, many cousins have been found through this site since 1997...maybe you're next!
have a question?  e-mail dee
this site was last updated 29aug2017






  














great connections:








join our mailing list and find a cousin, or keep in touch with your new cousins!  

look through our icq list to find other researchers using this great instant messaging program.
 

                        


take a look at our data boards.  there are now over 2000 entries on our boards, and many cousins have been found here!

















data available:






bible records


biographies


births


cemeteries


census

county sections


deaths - board coming soon


guestbook


guestbook - old (check old queries here)


kentuckiana konnections quarterly


look-ups


mailing lists


marriages


message boards


newspapers


obituaries


queries - current


queries - old


search data - by date


search data - by keyword


stories


will & probate








county resources









indiana

clark
crawford 
dubios
floyd
harrison 
jefferson
jennings 
lawrence
orange 
perry 
pike 
posey 
ripley 
scott 
spencer 
switzerland 
ohio 
vanderburgh 
warrick 
washington 


kentucky

breckinridge 

bullitt 
carroll 
daviess
gallatin 
hancock 
hardin
henderson 
jefferson 
meade
oldham 
trimble 
 



 








what's new:




04mar2014
to post your information to any data board, send it to dee.  current turn-around is only 2 days!  
data boards cleaned up
unused items removed


older
dee's guide to genealogy research in kentuckiana is back!

kentuckiana has a youtube channel! watch videos of the kentuckiana area!  be sure to subscribe! kentuckiana genealogy on youtube
new boards - marriages - newspapers

updated main page including new articles, links repaired.

please take a look at our mail list.  come join us for interactive discussions, queries and more! 

 











featured data & queries this week:




 





laconia, harrison co., in births
wiseman, crawford and harrison county
post your data so i can spotlight it here! 

	
	






 




check out our friends sites:




have your site listed here!  e-mail it to us, and you'll be featured here for one month!  (subject to approval, of course! ;-))
 
genlady
family puzzler - all queries posted at kentuckiana genealogy will be posted to family puzzler!



        



your help is needed!



 
do you have data that could be posted here?
we are in 

                          need of any and all data relating to this area.  if you have only one marriage date, birthdate, etc, please consider 

sending it to us for posting.  we will include your name and e-mail so that others may contact you.  maybe there is an old, forgotten 

cemetery near your home...could you take a few minutes to get the information from that cemetery and send it to us?  any help

 you're able to give to help us get this information on-line is greatly appreciated!
submit data to dee



articles:







using genealogy to find your past





whether you're just starting out on your genealogy quest, or looking for tips to help your progress, learning from other peoples' mistakes could help you avoid the common pitfalls of ancestry searching. 







genealogy tips & tricks #1





we offer tips and tricks to help you in your research.  do you have a tip that will help others?  send it to me and i'll include it with your name!













 

        







newsletter:







sign up for the
kentuckiana 

                                  
                                                                          weekly newsletter 

                                                                    and get the inside scoop on our

            new features, sites and genealogical deals on the web!



email: 

subscribe

unsubscribe












sponsors



















link to kentuckiana








do you have a website?  let your visitors know about us!  you may use the following graphic as your link if you'd like:

if you're linking to us, tell us about it!  we'll include a link to your site right here on our main page!


 















deals

                of the week:













       








great

                deals:










 















contact kentuckiana:








contact dee - 

to submit information and data to kentuckiana - email dee to submit your data and information to kentuckiana.  together, we can make this the best website for genealogical information in kentuckiana!












©1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 dee pavey/kentuckiana genealogy.  this site may not be copied in whole or in part by anyone for any reason without written permission from the author, dee pavey.  you may request permission here.


