







thomson reuters: clarifying the complex | thomson reuters














































































skip to main content


































legal







tax & accounting







trade & supply







risk & fraud







news & media







books







developers



















































back




legal
















business development





billing management software




court management software




legal calendaring solutions




practice management & growth




project & knowledge management




workflow automation software









corporate & business organization





business practice & procedure









legal forms





legal form-building software















legal data & document management





data management




data-driven insights




document management




document storage & retrieval









drafting software, service & guidance





contract services




drafting software









evidence





electronic evidence









financial management





outside counsel spend















law firm marketing





attracting & retaining clients




custom legal marketing services









legal research & guidance





due diligence




legal research technology









trial readiness, process & case guidance





case management software




matter management









generative ai





generative ai technology
























recommended products




westlaw

conduct legal research efficiently and confidently using trusted content, proprietary editorial enhancements, and advanced technology.





practical law

accelerate how you find answers with powerful generative ai capabilities and the expertise of 650+ attorney editors. with practical law, access thousands of expertly maintained how-to guides, templates, checklists, and more across all major practice areas.





cocounsel

move faster and accomplish more with a professional-grade, generative ai assistant that transforms the way you work. thomson reuters cocounsel is with you every step of the way, backed by authoritative content and industry-leading expertise.







insights




book store





all products







questions? we are here to help






contact us















back




tax & accounting
















audit & accounting





accounting & financial management




audit workflow




disclosure




engagement compilation & review




guidance & standards




internal audit & controls




quality control









data & document management





certificate management




data management & mining




document management




document storage & organization









estate planning





estate planning & taxation




wealth management















financial planning & analysis





financial reporting









payroll, compensation, pension & benefits





payroll & workforce management services




healthcare plans









practice management & growth





billing management




client management




cost management




practice management




workflow management









professional development & education





product training & education




professional development















tax planning & preparation





financial close




income tax compliance




tax automation




tax compliance




tax planning




tax preparation




tax tools




sales & use tax




fixed asset depreciation









tax research & guidance





federal tax




state & local tax




international tax




tax laws & regulations




partnership taxation




research powered by ai




specialized industry taxation




credits & incentives




uncertain tax positions
























recommended products




checkpoint edge

unleash the power of generative ai through an accounting and tax research tool. find answers faster with dialogue-based research and quick, on-point search results.





ultratax cs

provides a full line of federal, state, and local programs. save time with tax planning, preparation, and compliance.





sureprep 1040scan

automate work paper preparation and eliminate data entry







insights




book store





all products







questions? we are here to help






contact us















back




trade & supply
















customs & duties management





customs law compliance & administration









global trade compliance & management





global export compliance & management




global trade analysis




denied party screening















product & service classification





harmonized tariff system classification









supply chain & procurement technology





foreign-trade zone (ftz) management




supply chain compliance
























recommended products




foreign trade zone management 

software that keeps supply chain data in one central location. optimize operations, connect with external partners, create reports and keep inventory accurate.





indirect tax

automate sales and use tax, gst, and vat compliance. consolidate multiple country-specific spreadsheets into a single, customizable solution and improve tax filing and return accuracy.







insights




book store





all products







questions? we are here to help






contact us















back




risk & fraud
















risk & compliance management





regulatory compliance management









fraud prevention, detection & investigations





fraud prevention technology















risk management & investigations





investigation technology




document retrieval & due diligence services
























recommended products




clear

search volumes of data with intuitive navigation and simple filtering parameters. prevent, detect, and investigate crime.





fraud detect

identify patterns of potentially fraudulent behavior with actionable analytics and protect resources and program integrity.





id risk analytics

analyze data to detect, prevent, and mitigate fraud. focus investigation resources on the highest risks and protect programs by reducing improper payments.







insights




book store





all products







questions? we are here to help






contact us















back




news & media
















who we serve





broadcasters




publishers




governments




marketers & advertisers




professionals




sports media




corporate communications




health & pharma




machine learning & ai









content types





video




pictures




newswires




graphics




audio




live video




events




all content types















topics





sports




science




technology




human interest




business & finance




politics




entertainment & lifestyle




health




all topics




reuters community









services





reuters plus - content studio




advertising solutions




sponsorship




verification services




action images















platforms





reuters connect




world news express




reuters pictures platform




api & feeds




reuters.com platform









media solutions





user generated content




reuters ready




ready-to-publish




archive









about





about us




the source




case studies




reuters partners




standards & values




our work




leadership team




reuters best




webinars & online events




faqs
























recommended products




reuters connect


around the globe, with unmatched speed and scale, reuters connect gives you the power to serve your audiences in a whole new way.





reuters plus - content studio


reuters plus, the commercial content studio at the heart of reuters, builds campaign content that helps you to connect with your audiences in meaningful and hyper-targeted ways.





reuters.com platform


reuters.com provides readers with a rich, immersive multimedia experience when accessing the latest fast-moving global news and in-depth reporting.







reuters media center





reuters community








questions? we are here to help






contact us















back




books
















legal





jurisdiction




practice area




publisher




view all legal















tax





practice area




brand




organization




view all tax















featured products





blacks law dictionary




thomson reuters proview




recently updated products




new products
























recommended products




what's new in legal products


shop our latest titles





shop tax customer favorites


proview quickfinder favorite libraries







visit legal store




visit tax store








questions? we are here to help






contact us















back




developers
















apis by industry





legal apis




risk & fraud apis




tax & accounting apis




trade & supply apis















use case library





legal api use cases




risk & fraud api use cases




tax & accounting api use cases




trade & supply api use cases















related sites





community



































help & support



















united states support





account help & support




communities




product help & support




product training















international support





australia




brazil




canada




legal uk, ireland & europe support












































new releases





westlaw precision




highq




clear




1040 quickfinder handbook









join a tr community





onesource community login




checkpoint community login




cs community login




tr community















free trials & demos





westlaw precision




westlaw edge




practical law




clear




highq




checkpoint edge




onvio firm management




proview ereader





























sign in to your products

























sign into your products





sign in to manage account















































cocounsel: amplify your expertise with one professional-grade genai assistant
built on the world’s leading content and industry knowledge, cocounsel is with you every step of the way, helping you move faster and accomplish more








learn more























































explore our offerings






reduce inefficiencies, add greater value to your stakeholders, and anticipate future challenges with our premier solutions.
















legal
                                    












tax and accounting
                                    












international trade and supply chain
                                    












risk, fraud, and investigations
                                    












news and media
                                    






































new and noteworthy










achieve next-level efficiency with thomson reuters cocounsel


 spend less time on the mundane and more time on complex, high-value work that better serves your clients, organization, and business. cocounsel is secure generative ai built on authoritative content and industry-leading expertise. 


learn more about cocounsel




the future is arriving faster than ever


 when innovation opens the door to exciting possibilities, professionals can trust thomson reuters to provide accurate, reliable, and secure solutions backed by decades of technological and subject-matter expertise. 


discover the difference




onesource indirect tax named a leader in two idc marketscape vendor assessments


 in today’s rapidly evolving global marketplace, tax compliance has become increasingly complex for multinational corporations. at thomson reuters, we’re committed to empowering our customers with technology that not only ensures compliance but also enhances their competitive edge. 


access the excerpts




future of professionals report 2024


 we are committed to understanding the evolving dynamics of the professional landscape, where technology, innovation, and shifting expectations are reshaping the future of work — today and tomorrow. this year's future of professionals report aims to deliver bold predictions and expectations about ai, creating a space to explore professionals' understanding of the fast-evolving ai landscape.  


download the report




practical law now has generative ai (genai)


 accelerate how you find answers with search & summarize practical law, a generative ai experience providing summarized answers grounded in practical law’s best-in-class content, expertly created and maintained by over 650 attorney-editors. 


learn more about search & summarize practical law on practical law








































achieve next-level efficiency with thomson reuters cocounsel


 spend less time on the mundane and more time on complex, high-value work that better serves your clients, organization, and business. cocounsel is secure generative ai built on authoritative content and industry-leading expertise. 


learn more about cocounsel




the future is arriving faster than ever


 when innovation opens the door to exciting possibilities, professionals can trust thomson reuters to provide accurate, reliable, and secure solutions backed by decades of technological and subject-matter expertise. 


discover the difference




onesource indirect tax named a leader in two idc marketscape vendor assessments


 in today’s rapidly evolving global marketplace, tax compliance has become increasingly complex for multinational corporations. at thomson reuters, we’re committed to empowering our customers with technology that not only ensures compliance but also enhances their competitive edge. 


access the excerpts




future of professionals report 2024


 we are committed to understanding the evolving dynamics of the professional landscape, where technology, innovation, and shifting expectations are reshaping the future of work — today and tomorrow. this year's future of professionals report aims to deliver bold predictions and expectations about ai, creating a space to explore professionals' understanding of the fast-evolving ai landscape.  


download the report




practical law now has generative ai (genai)


 accelerate how you find answers with search & summarize practical law, a generative ai experience providing summarized answers grounded in practical law’s best-in-class content, expertly created and maintained by over 650 attorney-editors. 


learn more about search & summarize practical law on practical law


































featured insights

















2024 generative ai in professional services report



this thomson reuters institute report explores how professionals perceive and use genai in their work and its impact on efficiency, billing, and job loss.



read the article














the new way to work: cocounsel, the genai assistant for professionals



generative ai can transform your work—as long as it’s professional-grade. with the right information and cocounsel at your side, you’ll be ready.



read the article














future of professionals report 2024



thomson reuters is committed to understanding how the changing landscape is truly impacting the future of the professionals we serve, the industry, and society at large — today and tomorrow.



read the report































customer support



















need help?
we want our products to provide you with optimum efficiency. find technical support, product updates, training sessions, and more.





go to support & training



















get in touch
for any questions regarding our solutions and services, our customer service representatives are here to help.





contact us



















log in to your product
already a customer? log in to access your account and recent work.





log in


































press releases













thomson reuters to transfer u.s. stock exchange listing to nasdaq | ticker symbol will remain “tri” 



thomson reuters (tsx/nyse: tri), a global content and technology company, today announced that it will voluntarily transfer its u.s. stock exchange listing to the nasdaq global select market (“nasdaq”) from the new york stock exchange (“nyse”). 


february 13, 2025



read the full press release











law firms push innovation and demonstrate resilience amid market challenges



thomson reuters (tsx/nyse: tri), a global content and technology company, issued a new report today that showed law firms finished 2024 incredibly well. the average law firm saw profit growth in the double digits for the year and 11.5% in q4, according to the q4 2024 thomson reuters law firm financial index (lffi), powered by financial insights.


february 10, 2025



read the full press release











thomson reuters announces new $150m corporate venture capital fund



thomson reuters (nyse/tsx: tri), a global content and technology company, today announced the launch of its second corporate venture capital fund, valued at $150 million.


february 10, 2025



read the full press release
















see all press releases

























































about thomson reuters








about us


annual report


careers


digital accessibility


investor relations


our purpose


press releases


site map


social impact




products & services








all products


core publishing solutions


corporations


government


legal


news & media


professional services firms


risk & fraud


tax & accounting




learn more








api integration


artificial intelligence 


innovation @ thomson reuters


partnerships


supplier information


the trust principles


thomson reuters institute




contacts








contact us


global sites directory


investors


media relations


office locations


sales & account inquiries




connect with us








facebook


instagram


linkedin


twitter


youtube

























thomson reuters


























do not sell or share my personal information and limit the use of my sensitive personal information







































