














welcome to viper tradeshow services






































































 














services

creative services
custom furnishings
tradeshow decorator
shipping


ordering resources

order online
graphic upload


event spotlight
about viper

viper story
meet the team
portfolio
testimonials


contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 

















experience the difference
general contracting with a personal approach and creative services ensuring your event is a 10!







 




viper tradeshow services
nationwide general service contractor serving over 500 events annually
at viper tradeshow services we greet every event with creativity, flexibility and attention to detail.  for over 25 years our experienced team has been committed to working alongside our show managers, exhibitors, and attendees.  our partners enjoy a dedicated team committed to cultivating lasting relationships.
how do we do this? by providing personal attention, quality products and a full suite of tools to make our clients experience the best it can be.
 
 
 
 






creative
viper tradeshow services prides itself on being a full service, turnkey contractor. we employ a full staff of graphic designers and offer in-house production for any of your graphic needs.
see more

 
 
 



tradeshow
viper tradeshow services has all the tradeshow décor and in-house services you expect. from standard registration counters, entrance units, fill-in counters to an array of custom designed and marketing services.
see more

 
 
 



exhibitor
​viper is committed to providing exhibitors all the resources required to present their company in the most productive and positive setting possible, supported by a team of conscientious, friendly, and knowledgeable staff.​
see more
 

 
 
 
 


we practice a higher level of service and will work aggressively to exceed your expectations
 
 
 


experience viper tradeshow services
let’s get started today!
committed to bringing the best convention services experience to show managers, exhibitors, and facility managers.
847.426.3100 or email our team
 
 
 
 



want to explore further? click here
 
 
 
 



bring your event to the next level
 
 
 


for show & event managers
viper tradeshow services owns and maintains a complete inventory of all equipment necessary to create a professional convention, tradeshow or event experience. from standard registration counters, entrance units, fill-in counters, and cyber cafés, to an array of custom designed elements and marketing services.
viper offers nationwide contracting through our regional offices in prominent tradeshow cities in las vegas, kansas city, charlotte and chicago. call 847.426.3100 today to speak with a professional about your upcoming show. we are here to assist you.
speak with a professional
 
 

for exhibitors
viper is committed to providing exhibitors all the resources required to present their company in the most productive and positive setting possible, supported by a team of conscientious, friendly, and knowledgeable staff.
whether you have a first-time exhibitor that needs to be walked through the show or a seasoned exhibitor ordering a custom exhibit, our courteous staff will help them every step of the way.
learn more | order online
 
 
 


we are big enough to handle any event yet small enough to personalize the process.we are an extension of your staff, your goals and your success.
 
 
 

 



what arepeople saying?
 
 







we couldn't ask for a better partnership. “we consider viper not our hired vendor, but our partners. their commitment to not only our company, but to the many associations that we manage is steadfast. they are constantly looking for cost savings by presenting alternative solutions without affecting the final product.”
~debbie jenningsamp management services 





they have become far more than vendors to us; we consider them to be extensions of our staff. “they are our partners for all of our company’s events (14+ annual meetings.) they are always wonderful. hank and belinda, the two main contacts, are absolutely wonderful to work with. they have rich experience, great problem solving skills and tremendous leadership ability. they have become far more than vendors to us; we consider them to be extensions of our staff. i could not give a higher recommendation than viper. i believe you would be very happy with their services! ”
~megan finnellamp management services 







 
 


trusted partner of event managers everywhere
 




























































































 
 
  


 
 
 






let viper take care of your next event
tradeshow services | custom exhibits | creative services | display rental & signage
contact our professionals today | get started
 
 
 
  




copyright © 2025 // website developed by visionfriendly.com


 
 
 












				how can we help?			







url
have questions? we have answers.
email a viper tradeshow professional. complete the form below.

full name

 


company

 


email address

 


phone

 


name of show

 


date of show

 


venue / location

 


have you worked with anyone at viper in the past, if so who?

 


comments / questions














			×            











order number
have questions? we have answers.
email a viper tradeshow professional. complete the form below.

full name

 


company

 


email address

 


phone

 


name of show

 


date of show

 


venue / location

 


have you worked with anyone at viper in the past, if so who?

 


comments / questions



























































