





jmu off-campus housing | pheasant run townhomes | welcome


    
























homeamenitiesfloor plansgallerylocationresidentscontactapply now!(540) 783-6044
specials*in order to apply, you must choose waitlist.
students with no income please enter zero and upload a blank document for proof of income. your guarantor will provide this when we send them an online invitation. students with no income please enter zero and upload a blank document for proof of income. your guarantor will provide this when we send them an online invitation. 
exclusive rate of $565.00 when you apply prior to december 30th, 2024!
please check availability before applying.



(540) 783-6044
view specials









apply now!


homeamenitiesfloor plansgallerylocationresidentscontact












welcome to
pheasant run townhomes
a harrisonburg, va community



>







your new home
awaits




a quiet oasis just steps from james madison university
the quiet community of pheasant run townhomes welcomes you home. our collection of apartments — each surrounded by open lawns dappled with sunshine and shade from the overhanging maple trees — is just minutes from harrisonburg and the bustling campus of james madison university.
whether you’re here for work, study, or both, you’ll experience true harrisonburg hospitality and residential amenities unmatched by other jmu off-campus housing options. pheasant run townhomes’ on-site staff works tirelessly to make your move and stay truly effortless. from fully-furnished living spaces (including full-sized appliances) to including all utilities, everything is ready to go the moment you step over your welcome mat. 
when you’re not enjoying your spacious townhome, relax on your own private deck or take a walk to explore your new neighborhood. pheasant run townhomes is just a 20-minute jaunt from jmu through beautiful purcell park, a 67-acre sanctuary nestled just down the hill from the community. here, you’ll find multiple playgrounds, picnic areas, tennis courts, baseball/softball fields, and miles of cycling and walking paths. we’re also close to countless breweries, shops, galleries, grocery stores, and restaurants.
come home to pheasant run today. contact us to see what’s available and reserve your spot on our waitlist.








amenities






an effortless lifestyle awaits
if you're tired of the hassles and headaches of packing and moving a house full of furniture and appliances, experience the effortless lifestyle presented by a fully furnished space at pheasant run townhomes. your entire living space comes well-appointed with everything you need, from dining sets downstairs to comfortable beds upstairs. 
just past your doorstep, you can take advantage of an array of exclusive on-site attractions. enjoy harrisonburg's renowned summer climate and grill lunch or dinner at the community barbecues. then, have a picnic, catch up on your jmu studies, or hang out with your neighbors at the outdoor picnic area. the entire community boasts lush greenery and well-established trees, perfect for a walk or jog. set within these green spaces, you’ll also discover volleyball courts, basketball courts, and generous parking spaces for you and your guests. 
contact us today to schedule a tour of our apartments near jmu to experience it all in person. 






apartment featurescommunity features



additional storage 
air conditioner 
cable
ceiling fan 
dish washer 
disposal 
dryer 
furnished
individual climate control 
large closets
microwave 
private patio 
range 
refrigerator 
washer
window coverings


basketball court 
high-speed internet 
on site maintenance 
on site management 
transportation
volleyball court










floor plans






stunning selection of townhomes in harrisonburg, va
the apartments at pheasant run townhomes in harrisonburg, va offer two floors of expansive living space with a unique per-bedroom-based rental plan that puts your convenience and budget first.
walk-in your front door and step into a sweeping great room with sunshine pouring in through numerous windows. the open floor plan is ideal for hosting and even comes complete with couches, tables, and everything you need to instantly feel at home. cozy wall-to-wall carpeting in the great room transitions to wood-style flooring that gives your bright kitchen a modern feel. full-sized appliances, ample cabinet storage, and wrap-around kitchen counters make meal prep a breeze. downstairs, you also get a full-sized washer and dryer, a sunny patio overlooking the outdoor green space, and plenty of extra storage space. 
upstairs, you’ll enjoy two bathrooms and four bedrooms, each with large windows featuring views of pheasant run townhome’s rolling lawns and the nearby forests. our team also provides roommate pairing for your convenience. 
apply now to reserve one of pheasant run townhome’s fully furnished residences in harrisonburg, va today.







one bedroom









pheasant 4 bedroom (priced by bed)
1 bed | 1 bath
115 sq. ft.
call for pricing





apply now!
check availability











gallery






tour your future home at pheasant run townhomes
picture yourself at pheasant run townhomes, relaxing in your great room, or enjoying the view on your private deck. see our move-in-ready townhomes and welcoming community for yourself in our gallery below.





communityinterior










location






live minutes from harrisonburg, va attractions
perched between interstate 81 and s. main street, getting to and from pheasant run townhomes is a breeze no matter your destination. 
downtown harrisonburg is less than five minutes away by car as well. sip a flight of craft beers at billy jack's shack or the artful dodger, then pick up some burgers to-go at jack brown's beer & burger joint. finish the night off at one of many nearby entertainment destinations, including ruby's arcade and the forbes center for the performing arts. for everyday living, you'll also find many shopping outlets and grocery stores just down the street. 
pheasant run townhomes is also perfectly situated for those who study or work at james madison university, which is just a quick three-minute drive up the road. the community’s proximity to the school means many of our residents also take the scenic route and walk through purcell park on their way to and from classes.
these apartments in harrisonburg, va near jmu offer an unrivaled living experience. contact us today to learn more.






breweries and barsentertainmentoutdoorrestaurantsshopping







breweries and barsbilly jack's shackbrothers craft breweryfood.bar.foodjalapeno southwest grillmagnolia's taco and tequila barentertainmentcourt street theaterforbes center for the performing artsregal cinemas harrisonburgruby's arcadewhite oak lavender farmoutdooredith j. carrier arboretumharrisonburg farmers markethillandale parkpurcell parkuniversity parkrestaurantsdomino's pizzadunkin' donutsel charroheritage bakery & caféjack brown's beer & burger jointshoppingagora downtown marketduke's plazaharrisonburg crossingport crossing shopping centervalley mall





breweries and barsbilly jack's shackbrothers craft breweryfood.bar.foodjalapeno southwest grillmagnolia's taco and tequila barentertainmentcourt street theaterforbes center for the performing artsregal cinemas harrisonburgruby's arcadewhite oak lavender farmoutdooredith j. carrier arboretumharrisonburg farmers markethillandale parkpurcell parkuniversity parkrestaurantsdomino's pizzadunkin' donutsel charroheritage bakery & caféjack brown's beer & burger jointshoppingagora downtown marketduke's plazaharrisonburg crossingport crossing shopping centervalley mall






live minutes from harrisonburg, va attractions
perched between interstate 81 and s. main street, getting to and from pheasant run townhomes is a breeze no matter your destination. 
downtown harrisonburg is less than five minutes away by car as well. sip a flight of craft beers at billy jack's shack or the artful dodger, then pick up some burgers to-go at jack brown's beer & burger joint. finish the night off at one of many nearby entertainment destinations, including ruby's arcade and the forbes center for the performing arts. for everyday living, you'll also find many shopping outlets and grocery stores just down the street. 
pheasant run townhomes is also perfectly situated for those who study or work at james madison university, which is just a quick three-minute drive up the road. the community’s proximity to the school means many of our residents also take the scenic route and walk through purcell park on their way to and from classes.
these apartments in harrisonburg, va near jmu offer an unrivaled living experience. contact us today to learn more.










residents


pay rentresident loginservice request





pay rentresident loginservice request



the harrisonburg, virginia apartment for you
focus on work, play, and studying — and not on day-to-day home maintenance. pheasant run townhomes puts residents first with a quick online portal for all your needs. pay rent, request maintenance, or get in touch with our team.














contact







learn more about our harrisonburg apartments
our friendly leasing team can't wait to take you around the community and showcase our welcoming harrisonburg apartments, convenient location, and enticing on-site amenities. contact our leasing office today for more information about everything that pheasant run townhomes has to offer.






nameplease enter your first and last name...emailplease enter a valid email address...phoneplease enter a valid phone number...bedroomsone bedroom
move in date

2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030


jan
feb
mar
apr
may
jun
jul
aug
sep
oct
nov
dec


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31

message


captcha

submit







office hours
monday - friday: 9am - 5pm

saturday: closed

sunday: closed




address
pheasant run townhomes321 pheasant run circleharrisonburg, va 22801




















privacyprivacy policy
this website uses google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc. ("google"). google analytics uses cookies. the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your ip address) will be transmitted to and stored by google on servers in the united states. google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.  google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on google's behalf. google will not associate your ip address with any other data held by google. you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. by using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. find google's privacy policy here.

powered by leaselabs®
































