






		digital journal of ophthalmology
					














main navigation
main content
sidebar









					register
									



					login
									








toggle navigation





digital journal of ophthalmology






					current issue
									



					articles in press
									



					special issue
									



					archives
									



					legacy content
									



					announcements
									



					about
											




										about the journal
									



										submissions
									



										editorial team
									



										contact
									









search












published since 1995, the digital journal of ophthalmology (djo) is dedicated to the worldwide dissemination of original basic science and clinical research as well as case reports, grand rounds, and images and videos of exceptional teaching value. the djo is an open-access, peer-reviewed journal for the ophthalmology community with the potential to reach over 3 billion users of the internet worldwide.  the djo is indexed in medline, pubmed central, and scopus.
there are no submission or publication fees. access to journal content is free.




					current issue
				


				vol. 30 no. 4 (2024)
			









case reports“low-fat” intradermal spindle cell lipoma of the upper eyelid: a case report
images & videosstellate iris pattern and retinal arteriolar tortuosity in williams-beuren syndromedrusen in systemic argyrosis seen on scanning laser ophthalmoscopysutureless 25+ gauge phacovitrectomy with in-the-bag iol implantation for small intraocular foreign body extraction through clear cornea: optimizing visual recoverypseudo-cilium of the punctum: an unusual foreign body



						published:
					
					2024-12-31
				






case reports












				“low-fat” intradermal spindle cell lipoma of the upper eyelid: a case report
							



							mary kate wilson, md, elizabeth goldberg, md, phd, aldo fantin, md, gulsun erdag, md
						





							requires subscription
					
	
	pdf preproof

	








images & videos












				stellate iris pattern and retinal arteriolar tortuosity in williams-beuren syndrome
							



							stéphane abramowicz, md, tarik daif, md, dounia bradly, md, lavinia postolache, md, phd
						





							requires subscription
					
	
	pdf

	












				drusen in systemic argyrosis seen on scanning laser ophthalmoscopy
							



							mark rabinovich, md, francesca amoroso, md, juan manuel lopez, md, salomon yves cohen, md, phd, eric h. souied, md, phd
						





							requires subscription
					
	
	pdf

	












				sutureless 25+ gauge phacovitrectomy with in-the-bag iol implantation for small intraocular foreign body extraction through clear cornea: optimizing visual recovery
							



							sara turizo mejía, md, sarita restrepo velásquez, md, mauricio arango hurtado, md, phd
						





							requires subscription
					
	
	pdf

	



							requires subscription
					
	
	video

	












				pseudo-cilium of the punctum: an unusual foreign body
							



							somya puri, mbbs, nripen gaur, md, gautam lokdarshi, md, bhavya kapoor, b optom
						





							requires subscription
					
	
	pdf

	








				view all issues
				






about us





citation indices




1.2
2022citescore

 


 

32nd percentile

powered by  





information




						for readers
					



						for authors
					



						for librarians
					






		make a submission
	


			make a submission
		



featured content

video-based surgical curriculum for open-globe injury repair, i: open-globe injury
as one of the most severe forms of ocular trauma, open-globe injury (ogi) causes significant vision loss. timely and meticulous repair of these injuries can improve patient outcomes. this video-based educational curriculum is intended to serve as a quick and efficient yet comprehensive reference for ogi repair. we hope that these video-based articles help surgeons and trainees from around the world find answers to specific surgical questions in ogi management. the curriculum has been divided into six separate review articles, each authored by a different set of authors, to facilitate a systematic and practical approach to the subject of wound types and repair techniques. the first article highlights pertinent terminology and standardized definitions for ogi trauma, which aids in communication, prognostication, and outcomes research.









copyright ©2022. all rights reserved. reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without expressed written permission of the digital journal of ophthalmology is prohibited.






 






