welcome to the dr!ftclubdr!ftclub.
the best way to dr!ft together.dr!ftclub is the official and ultimate platform for dr!ft for training and multiplayer time tracking.
it's the perfect place to connect with other drivers and crews, take part in events or become an organizer yourself.ultimate
multiplayer modedr!ftclub offers a comprehensive and highly flexible multiplayer mode that was developed exclusively for dr!ft. it supports all gameplay variants of dr!ft as well as all common racing modes - whether online or live on site.read morerace moderation
and pit radiowhether lap times, new fastest laps, position changes, gaps or intermediate results. with an extensive and very flexible voice output, you can see what is happening on the racetrack and keep a 100% eye on your racer.read moredr!ftclub
achievementsevery ride counts! automatically collect achievements for special performances - whether in training or in multiplayer events.read moreyour personal
training areadr!ftclub is the ideal training platform to get to know you as a driver, your tracks, vehicles, engines and tunings.read morefind/create your crew. become part of the community.with dr!ftclub you join the exclusive dr!ft racing community. start your own crew or find existing crews, meet new friends and experience the thrill of racing in miniature format.read moreanalyze
your skillsdo you want to continuously improve? dr!ftclub automatically saves all relevant riding data and makes it available for detailed analysis in various views.read moreevent-management 2.0dr!ftclub is the perfect way to organize dr!ft events of all kinds. from a spontaneous get-together among friends to extensive community meetings and official competitions that run over a longer period of time.read moreyour racers.
your tracks.
your profile.dr!ftclub is the ideal place to present yourself as a driver, your racers and your tracks to the world.read moredr!ftclub academydo you have questions about how to connect the dr!ft app to dr!ftclub? or how to activate the voice output?  or how to create a simple race? then take a look at the dr!ftclub academy.read morei've always enjoyed racing with sturmkind. but with the analysis options as an individual driver at home or with the display of training and race data in the group, the hobby is taken to another level. never again without it... the service for "problems" is also 1a!heli1966the shared drifting experience has improved dramatically since the introduction of dr!ftclub. the display and announcement of e.g. times or rankings gives you the feeling of being at a real race track.
as an event organizer, you can prepare all the settings and tracks in advance, which helps to ensure that everything runs smoothly.demonballthe dr!ftclub has once again taken dr!ft to a whole new level. there is no longer a race without the dr!ftclub being started.
my biggest highlight is the voice output. the announcement of every lap time makes it easier to improve. for example, i can use this feedback to see which line is better, whether rolling or braking hard is better....peta flopwith dr!ft, sturmkind has taken 1:43 scale racing to a whole new level. dr!ftclub raises this level even further and has become an indispensable tool for me. create a race, log in and you can start chasing times. whether it's solo hotlaps, battling for places with friends on a track or everyone for themselves from home in online multiplayer. voice output, garage, groups, crews, map for finding crews, groups and races etc. round off the whole thing. dr!ft and dr!ftclub simply belong together ;)shadowthe basic idea of "hybrid gaming" from sturmkind dr!ft is perfectly complemented by the dr!ftclub app. the feeling i got the first time i played dr!ft online games at my table tennis table in the garden was indescribable. the live announcement of who was currently chasing times and the current ranking gave me goosebumps! and race events really bring out what's inside. without dr!ftclub is no longer imaginable! thanks to matthias and all the geniuses involved from the community for this enrichment!bast!anwithout dr!ftclub it's pointless driving in circles. some cars feel faster than they actually are and thanks to dr!ftclub you can see exactly how best to drive each sector. and which car and setup is best for you. online races, whether synchronized or time-delayed, also provide quick fun in between and the direct comparison pushes your own learning curve ever higher. i can no longer imagine dr!ft without dr!ftclub.stadtfuchsdr!ftclub is an enrichment for me and the 75 active drivers from our kreis wesel drift crew in the hunt for lap times and ranks.
the interest and fun in dr!ft has increased enormously, so that dr!ft is considered a serious hobby among us.fittii've been a passionate "dr!fter" and an active part of this totally awesome dr!ft community since 2018.
as the developer of dr!ftclub ;), all these experiences, requirements and wishes from dr!fters to dr!fters have flowed into dr!ftclub and will continue to do so in the future.jashplease enable javascript