





jennifer kries blog – welcome to my world–come and share





















































































jennifer kries
classes:
pilates mat classes at nauset fit co. | 
21 old colony way, orleans ma 
tuesday and friday @9:30am774-383-1558
have a question?
 















reserve your place in pilates historyfall 2024jennifer.kries@gmail.com
classes




open

 
















welcome to my world--come and share 




toggle menu

home
about
blog
contact
 












welcome to my blog
jennifer kries
dancer, choreographer, author, pilates master teacher and yoga devotee, jennifer kries is an unparalleled innovator in the realm of alternative health and fitness.
contact
read more



jennifer kries   
pilates pioneer

brings honor & joy of her legacy to you. 

contact
read more








 









home 1 










contact details
phone:+(774) 3831558email:jennifer@jenniferkries.comclasses:tuesday and friday @9:30am     






pilates legacy teacher training program


this mat training is designed for pilates devotees and instructors who want to experience the master-apprentice art of learning transformational mind-body movement and teaching in its original form.









private classes
jennifer brings unmatched clarity and an extraordinary perspective to her teaching. through her inspiring work, she helps people transform far more than their bodies, enabling them to tap into a reserve of power never before experienced.























 




about
jennifer kries
dancer, choreographer, author, pilates master teacher, and yoga devotee, jennifer kries is an unparalleled innovator in the realm of alternative health and fitness. first to bring pilates to the masses, her award-winning videos and dvds, the method series, jennifer kries’ pilates method, and fox/fit tv’s, the method show, revolutionized the fitness community, paving the way for the current wave of enthusiasm for pilates mind-body exercise.
her approach to personal fitness is unsurpassed. jennifer brings unmatched clarity and an extraordinary perspective to her teaching. she has inspired countless readers, practitioners, graduates of her programs, and viewers alike to embrace her all-encompassing philosophy of movement, art, health, life and energy. 
more about  






 







classes
pilates mat classes

at nauset fit co.
21 old colony way, orleans ma
tuesday and friday @9:30am
     


private sessions available by appointment held at
the healing arts collective 47 main street, orleans, ma
jennifer.kries@gmail.com





 



















testimonial
what our clients say!
   





precision pilates is the second tape with jennifer kries that i have used. i've tried several other tapes with other instructors and, hands down kries is the best. her workouts are clearly demonstrated and her explanations for doing the different techniques are easily understood. one of the features i really appreciate is her ability to make you feel that with time and practice you, too, can do the workouts as fully as she does.







lenore minnick








with consistent use it truly sculpts you and really gets you toned up. i love this tape and have been using it for years, replacing it whenever needed as it doesn't last forever being a vhs. i wouldn't use anything else this tape truly gets you amazing results!







userbusiness woman








i use this dvd for the final session called flow and flexibility. there are two other pilates sessions on the dvd, but i only use the stretching (after my tai chi workout). it is a flowing, dance-like stretching practice. you work very deep and slowly, but i always feel like i've completely stretched all the muscles in my body when it's completed. also, try gaiam am & pm stretch dvd.







yogakatathletics






  


 







jennifer's blog
latest blog posts
your source for the latest research news.   





15jan



  author jennifer posted on january 15, 2025january 15, 2025 








 12jul



yoga for beginners – everything you need to know  author jennifer posted on july 12, 2023 








 12jul



not everyone who practices yoga is happy  author jennifer posted on july 12, 2023 








 12jul



start your day with energy & focus  author jennifer posted on july 12, 2023 






  


 

 


















opening hours:
tuesday and friday @9:30am     |     21 old colony way, orleans ma
 










 












copyright © 2024 jennifer kries blog. all rights reserved. 

privacy policy
video library
 



 







 

































 


