

books by steven lehrer, auscultation breath lung pediatric heart sounds wannsee house conference frank buck

























nesthäkchen in the children's sanitorium  

by else ury  
translated and annotated by steven lehrer       
first english translation of volume 3 of the popular series by the beloved 
german jewish children's author, who was murdered at auschwitz in 1943.









wartime sites in paris 

by steven lehrer         
historical places in paris associated with world war ii 
and the german occupation, 
harrowing reminders, often unmarked, of a time of humiliation and privation, 
unspeakable cruelties and brutal murders, but also of heroism and hope









explorers of the body 

2nd edition 
by steven lehrer         
dramatic breakthroughs in medicine from ancient times to 
		modern science
		"an exceptionally good book, both amusing and educational."
		isaac bashevis singer










nesthäkchen 
and the world war

by else ury
translated, introduced and annotated by steven lehrer
first english translation of the most popular book by the beloved 
german jewish children's author, who was murdered at auschwitz in 1943.








bring ’em back alive
the best of frank buck
introduced and edited by steven lehrer

timeless classics of adventure and daring for anyone who "likes to sit on the edge of his chair and gasp for breath as his eyes eat up the print to see what happens next." new york times book review









wannsee house and the holocaust
by steven lehrer

in an elegant suburban berlin villa, reinhard heydrich, adolf eichmann, and thirteen other nazi officials met in 1942 to plan hitler's "final solution" of the "jewish question," the murder of the jews of europe.







understanding lung sounds
3rd edition
by steven lehrer    

this book and audio cd package guides readers through the sounds and skills of chest auscultation.





understanding pediatric heart sounds
2nd edition
by steven lehrer

this book and audio cd package teaches how to examine the heart of a child.





hitler sites
by steven lehrer

		a city by city guidebook, this work provides a unique service to 
		historians by identifying over 150 places in austria, germany, france 
		and the united states that are associated with adolf hitler.







the 
reich chancellery and führerbunker complex
by steven lehrer  

germany’s nazi government made its primary headquarters in 
one of berlin’s oldest buildings: the reich chancellery. hitler and his inner 
circle frequented the site. this complete history focuses on the nazi 
occupation.







twelve
wounds
by carmen rodriguez and steven lehrer

the tightly plotted story of the brutal murder of a hasidic jew in brooklyn, 
		and the assistant district attorney, carmen rodriguez, who must 
		prosecute the hispanic suspect. 










three 
		plays about doctors
by steven lehrer

war and psychoanalysis
		the family doctor
		the abortionist






the history channel interviews the author about his book, 
explorers of the body,
		for the program mavericks, 
		miracles, and medicine





books
available from

      


click
here to e-mail steven lehrer




 
 
