


philosophy now | a magazine of ideas





























×




























issues
categories
tags
subscribe
shop
digital
podcasts
advertise

events
festival
award
links
videos
stockists









sign in



























welcome to philosophy now
the bi-monthly magazine for everyone interested in ideas. published since 1991, it was the winner of the 2016 bertrand russell society award. please look around! you can read four articles free per month. to have complete access to the thousands of philosophy articles on this site
subscribe now










political philosophy
philosophers & immigration control
edward hall argues that philosophers of immigration are not thinking it through.






political philosophy









trust, truth & political conversations
adrian brockless wants a recognition of human value in political debate.






success & luck
carlo filice argues that we should share our success, even if it’s hard earned, because we often don’t deserve it as much as we’d like to think.








the material creation of freedom
stephen martin fritz & denise morel contemplate what creates democracy.






philosophy & the crown
vincent di norcia on monarchy and stability.



view all political philosophy



advertisement








regulars









editorial: we need to talk
by rick lewis






news: february/march 2025
world logic day celebrated here and there • most folk think they know enough to judge • don cupitt, sea of faith theologian, dies — news reports by anja steinbauer






articles









technologists & ethicists
stephen l. anderson laments inadequate moral insight among tech leaders.






the fire this time
tim madigan on ray bradbury, bertrand russell and fahrenheit 451.








thomas aquinas on extraterrestrial life
babatunde onabajo tells us why aquinas did not believe in aliens.






plants & philosophy
caroline deforche sees similarities between gardening and philosophising.








wordsworth & darwin
christine avery wonders whether poetry can help us to deal with science.






pythagoras (570-495 bce)
daniel toré looks beyond the mathematician to the philosopher.



view all articles



advertisement








columns









philosophy shorts: philosophers on cars
by matt qvortrup






philosophical haiku: jürgen habermas (1929-)
by terence green








islamic philosophers: on women
amirali maleki considers how islamic thought changed.






the art of living: on making moral progress
massimo pigliucci tells us how to advance ethically.



view all columns




reviews









the universal history of us by tim coulson
grant bartley replies philosophically to a scientific history of everything.






the necessity of exile by shaul magid
rachel r. rosner responds to new concepts of exile.








the master and margarita by mikhail bulgakov
sandra woien interrogates a famous soviet-era satire.






falling down
thomas r. morgan considers how personal identity is maintained, and how it is lost.



view all reviews



fiction









besieged
by omar sabbagh






the smart shoppers
joe r.r. angelitis overhears a heated political discussion in aisle fifty-one.



view all fiction







feb/march 2025
issue 166





most

 read
 shared
 discussed



pop culture: an overview
what is art? and/or what is beauty?
could there be a solution to the trolley problem?
plato: a theory of forms
what is freedom?


plato’s cave & social media
what is life?
success & luck
exploring atheism
the ethics of ambiguity


taylor swift: a philosopher for our times
the search for meaning
a critique of pure atheism
the banshees of inisherin
what is time?







advertisement









from the archive
philip pettit & the birth of ethicspeter stone thinks about a thought experiment about how ethics evolved.
taylor swift’s liar paradoxwith the help of renowned logician taylor swift, theresa helke introduces four fundamental paradoxes: the liar, epimenides’, the truth-teller, and the no-no.
are there any moral facts?bob harrison talks about moral realists and the boo/hurrah party, and explains what david hume overlooked.





advertisement












about
contact
for authors
terms & conditions


© philosophy now 2025. all rights reserved.



this site uses cookies to recognize users and allow us to analyse site usage. by continuing to browse the site with cookies enabled in your browser, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our privacy policy. x



