






ann liguori - sports interviews




































































skip to main content





register to play in the 27th annual ann liguori foundation charity golf classic on tuesday, may 27, to benefit st jude children's research hospital:











hit enter to search or esc to close




close search
    








 



 
menu    




about
philanthropy
archive

radio
television
press


shop
events
contact
watch













  










  



ann liguori

inspiring  
a natural a bold an active a philanthropic an entrepreneurial 
lifestyle. 















she’s built a legacy on being a trailblazer.




ann is a nationally-renowned sports radio and cable sports talk show host, interviewer, reporter, author, speaker, entrepreneur, and philanthropist.


  learn morebook annupcoming events


order ann’s new book
life on the green
lessons and wisdom from legends of golf
(hatherleigh press)


order now


get your personalized, autograph copy of ann's book, 'life on the green, lessons and wisdom from legends of golf.' $40   






  








in radio





first woman to host sport’s call-in show on wfan-ny, the first all-sports radio station in the country
host of award-winning ‘talking golf with ann liguori’ 
host of award-winning ‘sports innerview with ann liguori’ 














in television





first woman to host a prime-time weekly show on the golf channel
owner, host, executive producer, ‘sports innerview with ann liguori’ cable series






  








in business





the president of ann liguori productions, inc.
developer of the hamptons rope collection, a sophisticated jewelry line, a collaboration with dune jewelry
brand ambassador for ibkul, chillax’n cbd, and peakvision














in philanthropy





founder and president of the ann liguori foundation, hosting the annual ann liguori foundation charity golf classic every summer at a prestigious golf course in the hamptons – all to benefit cancer research and care.











  



guest appearances for ann's new book, 'life on the green'


ann gives a talk at rogers memorial library in southampton, ny
‘life on the green’ wins int’l network of golf’s top book award in media competition announced at pga show
ann guests on jordan spurgeon’s show in phoenix, arizona
ann guests on dennis silver’s ‘the 19th hole’ podcast
ann guest on ‘musings on golf’ hosted by bob bubka and kelly elbin
ann talks with dave marr on sirius pga tour radio – october 19, 2024.

ann guests on annika sorenstam and mike mcgee’s show tuesday evening on siriusxmpgatour
ann interviewed by hamptons.com
ann guests on jeff tracy’s ‘after hours’ show
ann guests on jeff tracy’s grilling at the green show
ann talks us open tennis and book on sportsline usa 9.4.24
ann liguori: ‘fore’ the love of the game
new york social media talks with ann about her book and career
ann talks to cbs news from the us open
ann’s book mentioned in indiana golf journal
ann is in mann about town publication
dan’s papers writes about ann and her book, ‘life on the green, lessons and wisdom from legends of golf.’
ann is in mann about town publication
ann guests on the maggie & perloff show on both cbs sports radio network and youtube
tom layberger of forbes.com, writes about ann’s success story
adam schupak of golf week writes about the bernhard langer chapter in ann’s book, 5/4/24
ann guests on ‘the morning show with doug wagner.’ newsraedio 600 wmt and am 800 kxic, iowa
ann guests on tee to green show, sports byline
ann talks with richard neer on wfan from the masters.
ann talks with stacy steponate greenberg for ‘the overhead compartment,’ pursuitist
ann guests on whit watson’s ‘media credentials’ podcast
jack milko of sb nation writes about ann’s book
ann guests on ira kaufman’s ira on sports, florida
ann guests with frank larosa on ‘golf to go’ show, sactown sports 1140
ann guests on bloomberg radio
kathy bissell writes about ann’s book in pro golf now. 3/28/24
ann talks with warren lawrence on wkny radio, kingston, n.y.
ann guests on fox 5 ny on tina cervasio’s sports extra, march 24, 2024
sports of all sorts: guest author ann liguori talks about her book life on the green!
2/16/24 ann’s guest appearance on the ‘dan lebatard & friends’ podcast 
ann guests on the ‘sports overnight america’ show, hosted by marty tirrell, sports byline usa syndicated radio
ann guests on the ‘titillating sports’ show, hosted by rick tittle, sports byline usa, san francisco, ca., syndicated radio
ann guests on matthew laurance on back spin espn lexington, ky
on course with frank darby & brian crowell, sirius pga tour radio 3/10/24
ann guests on ‘wills and snyder in the morning’ iheartmedia newsradio wtam 11:00am cleveland, ohio
nightside with dan rea, wbz boston

we start this nightside news update with ann liguori, author of “life on the green: lessons and wisdom from legends of golf”
ann with danielle tucker – hawaii media’s 101.1 fm 
danielle website: https://www.hernco.com/golfclub/ac_3_2_24.htm


ann guests on kathy bissell and gary vansickle golf postcast
si.com videos: https://www.si.com/golf/videos/golf-show-2-0
you tube channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucx_7psxhjajpetj69agixja
www.kbgolfcoursesales.com
http://progolfnow.com/author/kbissell/
www.the-golf-show.com














palm beach par 3 to host signing for new book featuring golf’s greatest players
share.newsbreak.com
tom deangelo, palm beach press























 



 








watch all of the interviews, all on your own time.  



hundreds of video interviews with all the greats



  






these 22- minute long interviews feature legends in sports and entertainment, in addition to copies of her golf travel shows from courses throughout ireland, northern ireland, scotland and other prestigious courses throughout the world.




ann interviews the most famous names in sports and owns a library of over 500 ‘sports innerviews’ she has done with everyone from jim brown, bart star, mickey mantle, ted williams, wilt chamberlain, jerry west, charles barkley, to gordie howe, wayne gretzky, arthur ashe, billie jean king, george foreman, evander holyfield, sam snead, alice cooper and celine dion, to name a few.




these classic videos are available for rent, purchase, or subscription. view the library to access all the sports innerviews, all on your own time.


view the library

  


















 if there was an interviewer’s hall of fame, ann would be in it! nancy lopezamerican golfer




















 i’ve had more people comment about the tv interview we did than anything else i’ve ever done. alice cooperamerican singer-songwriter










  









 ann liguori has that unique ability in an interview to set the flow of information in a revealing and comfortable way. crossing differing vocations and finding interesting parallels, such as music and golf in my case, makes for an engaging conversation and one that i enjoy every time. alex lifesonhall of fame guitarist, rush






















  



listen live on the radioradio archives

  sports innerview podcast

  











live on wfan
catch “talking golf with ann liguori” on sunday mornings from 7-8 am est on wfan, wfan.com, and audacy.com. 







live on wliw
listen to “sports innerview with ann liguori” on saturday mornings from 7-8 am on wliw 88.3 fm and wliw.com/radio. 








philanthropythe ann liguori foundation


the ann liguori foundation is a 501c3 public charity and with a mission to raise funds and awareness for not-for-profits who work in the field of cancer prevention and cancer care. the alf supports a variety of charities, both locally and nationally, as well as helping individuals in need. learn more >


charity golf event


each year, ann organizes and hosts the ann liguori foundation charity golf classic which is played at a prestigious golf club in the hamptons. monies raised from this charity tournament benefit organizations such as st. judes children’s research hospital; the samuel waxman cancer research foundation; kids need more, camps and programs for children with cancer; east end hospice, and many other not-for-profit organizations that do excellent work in this area.


mentorship programs


the foundation also supports scholarships and mentorship programs for students working to pursue a career in sports media. the ann liguori foundation sports media scholarship is awarded annually and administered by ny-wici (women in communications) and announced at the matrix awards luncheon in manhattan. learn more >


















products to believe inshop like ann








  
























  


























  


















celebrity musings about the game


a collection of interviews ann conducted on the golf course, with legends in sports, entertainment, and business, talking about their success stories, their passion for golf, and what they bring from their careers to the sport.
























  



don't want to miss a thing?



  



sign up for the ann liguori newsletter to recieve updates on live shows, events, exclusive offerings, and more.  sign up











































© 2025 ann liguori. 













close menu
    


about
philanthropy
archive

radio
television
press


shop
events
contact
watch





 

 





























