








professional organizer for palm beach county florida and broward county 
florida






  
















home
contact form
adhd
before and after
benefits
bio
buying supplies
cardboard recycling
clutter bug
code of ethics
confidentiality
donation resources
ebooks
expiration dates
facts
faq
featured article
feng shui
fitness
hoarding
home staging
how it works
how long
more than an organizer
myths
office
organizing tips
press
pricing and gift certificates
public speaking
recycling
save or shred it
scrapbook
services
storing clothes
testimonials
what is clutter
whats keeping you
why hire me
why people clutter
work from home
workshop






organize
 with design in mind!
dedicated certified professional organizer for palm beach county, 
			broward county florida
			family organizer - work with moms, dads, kids and seniors
			exclusively hands on organizer so i physically do the hauling of your bags of clutter.
			(and with a few laughs along the way to make it fun and enjoyable).
			organizes residential homes exclusively
			i am fully vaccinated and boosted for covid 19.
most importantly, i teach my clients how to maintain order after we 
			are finished.
			contact cynthia braun at 
			ckbraun@optonline.net and 631-588-6435

give the gift of 
			organizing! (click here)
get organized for the winter






			click here to purchase the book

			https://www.amazon.com
i help clients reduce stress, save money, and free up time
					it is really rewarding to truly improve the quality of 
					someone's life through organization.
organize your life will help you clear your clutter, create 
			order from chaos and put together organizational systems that keep 
			working for you to stay organized





see me in action, watch my cartoon video






i am a big believer in mixing organization with beauty, because 
			when you believe your space is lovely, you are more apt to want to 
			keep it that way.
celebrating 22 years in business!
i have seen my clients change their lives in ways they never 
			thought possible.
			i will help you reach your goals by providing expertise and 
			outstanding customer service.
			i will enhance your skills and knowledge of organizing.
			the result will empower you.
organized people save time and money, and reduce their stress and 
			frustration levels.
			as a professional organizers i can help you deal with 
			everything from your paper to your professional responsibilities and 
			give you parameters on what to keep, what to toss, and where to take 
			action
cynthia braun,
					award-winning professional organizer,
					author and award-winning public speaker
organize your life is a top professional organizer in the  delray beach, fl professional organizers directory on findmyorganizer.com.
pricing is on the 
			gift certificate page
like me on my facebook page

					https://www.facebook.com/organizeyourlifelongisland
check out my linkedin page

			https://www.linkedin.com/company/organizeyourlife/
overwhelmed by all the clutter in your home?
you know those closets and drawers and cabinets that are so full, 
			they won't quite close?
it turns out they could be bad for your health: every time you 
			look around and feel anxious that the mess is getting out of hand, 
			"your body releases cortisol, one of the classic stress hormones," 
			says steven maier, phd, a neuroscience professor at the university 
			of colorado at boulder.
organizing is so much more than putting your stuff away. it's 
			about creating a productive lifestyle that results in clarity and 
			order which leads to feelings of calmness and peacefulness. the 
			truth is, if you don't know how to organize yourself both physically 
			and mentally, you won't be as productive as you can be.
professional organizers help individuals and businesses take 
			control of their surroundings by clearing clutter and developing 
			customized organizing systems that their clients can use to maintain 
			order. 
ambamb
pam from commack: thank you cynthia so much for your diligence, vigilance and patience.
no more procrastinating!
when someone teaches you the exact steps you need to take, things 
			to model with real-life examples, challenges and obstacles you will 
			face, not only will you see fast results but you'll learn to enjoy 
			the process.
i'll say that again, when you're 
			shown exactly what you need to do to live a more productive and 
			organized life, you'll see fast results and learn to enjoy the 
			process.
			here's the best part about it - once you fully understand the habits 
			of highly productive and organized people, you'll never forget them. 
			in fact, it becomes instinct, just like riding your bike.
"organized people save time and money, 
			and reduce their stress and frustration levels. professional 
			organizers can help you deal with everything...and give you 
			parameters on what to keep, what to toss and where to take action" 
			according to national association of professional organizers (napo) !
start your day with a reason why - not a 
			reason why not.
each of us has the power to change our environments and 
			ourselves. this allows us to grow, achieve happiness, and be as 
			productive as possible. 
as a professional organizer, i've developed the skills and 
			experience that have helped many people to organize their lives, 
			assess and reach their goals, improve their life and to help lead a 
			more stress less life. 
it is about accentuating the positive and eliminating the negative.
			
simplification is key, and less is more. 
clutter merely drains you of energy, inhibiting growth and change.
			
what we hold on to says everything about us. 
your closet, your home, and your office should express who you are, 
			not who you were, nor who you want to be. 
i am cheerful and innovative while always remaining non-judgmental 
			and confidential so you will reach your goals, i guarantee!
how is this done
apply the principles of space planning to the area or room to 
			create visual appeal. i will apply my design background to create 
			comfort, beauty and joy to the room. this may involve furniture 
			rearranging, hanging pictures differently, reaccessorizing and offering 
			another paint color for the walls. shopping services are also 
			available
according to reader's digest
costs due to chaos, late fees, paying last minute, premium prices 
			- can be 20% of your budget
			too much stuff in the average american's home creates an estimated 
			40% more housework
this is the year to get organized
change your life in multiple facets!
			be more productive!
			have more time to do the things you love to do!
			find opportunities in the new economy by changing your life.
my goal: create ideas for informing, motivating, and inspiring 
			disorganized homeowners to develop and maintain great and easy 
			organization habits.
while we can't control the chaos in the world around us, we can 
			take control of our own home environments by getting organized!
in this time i can help you get from here to there so you can 
			move forward with your life. as we organize we may find valuables 
			that you may be unaware of that help give you some extra income. in 
			addition, it's important to keep your important documents, organized so they are easy to find in case 
			they are needed.
the one-on-one service provides 
			clear direction with compassion, creativity and support.
each organizing project is 
			different. the time involved depends on many factors: size of your 
			space, amount of clutter, and how quickly you can make decisions.
your new mantra - empowerment
when it comes to organization - 
			maintenance is key. many people feel that it is impossible to stay 
			organized. nothing could be further from the truth. organization is 
			an ongoing process and while back-sliding is always a possibility, 
			once you've reached your organizational goals you'll be motivated to 
			continue. the beauty of our solutions is in their workable 
			simplicity - they just make sense. in the long run you'll save time, 
			space, money and your sanity
about me
organizing specialist: cynthia braun is 
			an organizing specialist with an expertise in workstation set-up 
			paper management and clutter removal in homes or at the workplace. a 
			graduate of the adelphi university with a degree in marketing. she 
			also attended the metropolitan institute of interior design. cynthia 
			has over 26 years experience in the business world and knows 
			first-hand the importance of an organized work environment. cynthia 
			specializes in overall workspace enhancements, filing system set-up 
			and computer workstation placement.
cynthia has the ability to work with 
			homeowners and all levels of personnel in many different industries, 
			assessing individual requirements and designing an organizing 
			program that meets your needs.
feeling serene and comfortable in your 
			home isn't that the goal. being able to enjoy and relax in your own 
			home and having greater access to the things you use and love. also 
			saving money, energy and time for higher goals. that is what being 
			organized promises. together we can accomplish that!
motivation is what gets you started. 
			habit is what keeps you going.
why not have an organized life?
clutter
we have all seen it, and chances 
			are we all have it. too much 'stuff' for the space we have. what do 
			you do with it? what do i keep, what do i give away? where does it 
			all go? indecision on what and how and where to put everything is 
			the source for the majority of people who have a problem with 
			clutter
how would you feel walking into a 
			disorganized office to work? relaxed, calm...ready to take on the 
			world? i don't think so. if you are anything like most people you 
			would feel instant tension, stress and frustration.
are you neat or organized?
neat is when the clutter is hidden 
			out of sight: shoved into drawers and closets.
			neat masquerades as organization.
			organized is being able to find what you want- when you want it 
			without any difficulty.
the full service results in making your 
			home more inviting to you and others:
			once you can see past the clutter, i then can create visual appeal.
			transform and re-organize your living space and your life.
			i can organize one room or as many rooms as you like.
purposeful organizing is about 
			stewardship. your life is full of gifts-people, possessions, time, 
			talents, and more. order and balance come from caring for, 
			appreciating, and making space for these gifts. this might mean 
			getting a handle on your paperwork...or lightening the burden of 
			stuff by sharing the things you no longer need or use...or taking a 
			hard look at whether the way you spend your time reflects what's 
			important to you.
what one person calls "a valuable 
			collection" another may call "clutter". one person's necessary 
			meeting is another person's "time-waster". excess stuff, paper, and 
			time commitments you of the life they really want. i can lead you to 
			identify excess, then eliminate it? i can help you achieve a 
			clutter-free life at home and work.
i'll define the difference between 
			clutter, a collection, and a hoarding situation ( i.e.; excess) in 
			ways that make sense to you. i will easily help you decide to let go 
			of excess, then recycle what no longer serves you. 
you will gain confidence in your 
			ability to achieve and maintain the clutter-free life you are 
			looking for!
cynthia's unique ability to evaluate a 
			client's lifestyle and environment and tailor a program that 
			eliminates the clutter and chaos. once the clutter is cleared, 
			maintenance is almost effortless because "it makes sense!".
tackling clutter without knowing your 
			priorities can be counterproductive. people who take a `tidy up' 
			approach are actually rearranging rather than organizing, sooner or 
			later, the space relapses to its original condition- disorganized 
			and cluttered with piles!
how is this done?
space organizing: i apply the 2 step process

declutter the space, area or room.

				this involves removing and placing objects and or paper in the 
				most proper place in the home. or removing these items 
				altogether from the home or area. also design systems and 
				processes to make your daily routines easier to manage. (mail, 
				bills and laundry)

apply the principles of space planning to the area or room 
				to create visual appeal. i will apply my design background to 
				create comfort, beauty and joy to the room. this may involve 
				furniture rearranging, hanging pictures differently, hanging 
				window treatments, reaccessorizing and offering another paint 
				color for the walls. shopping services are also available.

are you?

expecting a baby soon 
a loved one has to move out of their residence and now you 
				need to clear the place out
have a recent death in the family
suffer from chaos ( can't have anyone over syndrome)
spending more time looking for things than you do using 
				them?
using a public storage facility and don't know what is in 
				it?
is your house overflowing with stuff and your parents stuff?
is your closet filled with clothes, yet you have nothing to 
				wear?
feel overwhelmed by the clutter and want to get organized?
do you have unrealistic expectations of what you can do in a 
				day or week in your home?
just fed up with the things you have and how they look in 
				the home?
wanting to live a clutter-free life?
wanting to maintain an efficient home?
have no organizing systems?
needing to organize with a decorative touch?
moving?
downsizing?
upsizing?
combining homes?
selling a home or just bought a new home?
just inherited a piece of furniture
replacing a piece of furniture
want to change how the interior looks but don't have much 
				money?
have an event at your home coming up (wedding, party, 
				holiday or open house)
remodeling other than the kitchen or bathroom?
want to benefit from more space for activity that's 
				fulfilling in the present?
do you want to gain the knowledge that you have true 
				capabilities and can survive the loss of the toxic stuff 
				(clutter) that has given you the fake illusion of safety?
want to fill an empty space?
going through a life transition (expecting a baby, starting 
				school, graduating school, retiring, career change, job 
				searching, overcame a devastating medical problem)
want to add another function to a room?
looking to change your situation with the kids? kids and 
				clutter don't always have to go together
hws - hurried women syndrome
too much free floating anxiety
physically challenged
getting organized is more than just shuffling stuff from one 
				place to another.

do you want to ?

improve the quality of your life
have more time in the day
find things when you want them
know what to save and what to throw out
be safe
be happy
have more fun
be attractive
be sexy
be successful
be liked by yourself
be liked by others
be free from pain
have more leisure time
accomplish more in a shorter time
feel good
eat well
be healthier
be connected with your loved ones

why get organized?

summer is a hot time for real estate. according to realtors, 
				now is the ideal time to sell a home because families wanting to 
				move before the school year begins often start looking in the 
				spring. but beware; potential buyers do not want to tunnel 
				through the clutter clogging your hallways, closets and garage 
				just to view your home. homes that are organized and 
				clutter-free sell much faster.


tax season comes every year. 
				no matter how much you dread filing your taxes, you know that to 
				ensure you get the best refund possible and prevent surprise 
				visits from the irs, you must keep your paperwork in order. if 
				you were not so careful in the past, now is the time to start 
				planning for next year.

why not? the payoffs are great - increased productivity and 
				an improved sense of well-being and more control of your life. 
				organized people save time and money and avoid stress and 
				frustration.


reap the benefits of being organized

				a february 2008 napo (national association of professional 
				organizers) consumer study found that 55 percent of the 
				respondents would save upwards of 16 minutes to one hour a day 
				if they were more organized. that translates into anywhere from 
				two to 15 days a year being wasted!

				"getting organized is something that people know is beneficial, 
				not just because of the obvious- saving time and money-but it 
				really helps you save so much energy too," said napo president 
				standolyn robertson. "i can't tell you how many people say they 
				feel like a weight was lifted off of them when they finally got 
				organized. they have more energy and feel more positive. now who 
				couldn't benefit from that?"

				robertson suggests getting a 
				jump-start on getting organized as days get longer and the 
				weather gets warmer. spend some time designing the systems you 
				need to keep your home and office in order, and then reward 
				yourself with more time and energy to get together with friends 
				and play
				with your kids and pets outdoors.

satisfied customers are the most important asset of my business. 
			my mission is to understand your needs, values, fears and goals. i 
			must learn to see through your eyes. if i serve you with creativity, 
			compassion, respect and competence---then my goal has been reached.
organizing your home is a huge job and can be overwhelming. while 
			working with me your mind of thinking what a huge job, 'beyond my 
			capabilities' endeavor will become at ease. you will start 
			thinking smaller and begin to approach the organizing project as a 
			'one piece at a time' project. with me alongside you, your 
			mind will be able to concentrate more clearly on smaller goals 
			without you panicking about the magnitude of one big goal---and it 
			works! eventually your home will be organized. just read what others 
			wrote on the testimonial page.
think about what organizing projects or issues you may have 
			shoved aside or are delaying doing because they seem monumental or 
			too big to tackle. you will learn while working with me thinking 
			piecemeal and deciding on what small steps we can begin to take to 
			get these things accomplished. we will set up a plan of attack 
			together and i promise it will all get done in due time!
it's true that we are in a difficult economy, but the truth is 
			that you need me more now than ever! you as a business owner have 
			more work to accomplish with fewer staff to help you and you need to 
			find ways to get that work done faster and more efficiently. to keep 
			costs low, you will have to outsource. that's where i come in! there 
			is no better time than now to hire a professional organizer now. 
the money lost in time looking for things is enormous. the time 
			you spend packing for vacation is too much. disorganization and the 
			anxiety to your body when people are coming over, is worth the time 
			to invest and get organized. i can show you a less expensive way to 
			organize your home by using the items you already have. ask me about 
			this when you call for your free phone consultation. it only takes 
			15 minutes!
"science is organized knowledge. wisdom is organized life." 
			immanuel kant (1724-1804)
do you ever need a personal time out to decompress, evaluate, 
			assess something?
			do you ever get stuck and can't seem to figure out how to regroup, 
			readjust and rebalance?
			have you ever been faced with a decision, dilemma, task or project 
			that requires serious pondering?
if you answered yes to any or all of the above, try hiring a 
			professional organizer to get you going again.
			sometimes we need someone to gives us that extra push to get us 
			un-stuck!
			cynthia braun, professional organizer.
want to be more organized? i can help you develop a system for 
			something you want to improve in your home - like a new morning 
			schedule for getting the kids dressed, fed, and to school on time. 
			if the system starts to work, and it's done consistently, the system 
			quietly transforms into a habit. once your family takes ownership of 
			the habit, it's then simply viewed as "your routine". i remember to 
			build some flexibility into your system, so if something unexpected 
			does happen, the routine doesn't unravel.
people who say they're organized are truly living in the moment. 
			why? because life can change in an instant and the orderly schedule 
			you had for the day can be thrown off by the slightest event. think 
			of organization as a process, not a destination, which lets you 
			respond to your family's changing needs. being organized means 
			planning for today before staring the day.
i have many organization systems that will work great for your 
			family! just ask me during the organizing session
even the most organized people can use a little outside help now 
			and then. it is no different from being good at math but still 
			hiring an accountant to help with taxes. or knowing how to exercise 
			but still hiring a personal trainer at times
who hires a professional organizer?
anyone and everyone! home organizers are hired by a wide variety 
			or clients... from renters and owners, to new families and retirees, 
			i have clients from all walks of life. some clients need help 
			organizing their closets, while others need help organizing their 
			homes. also small business owners and sales people hire me to get 
			them more productive in their office. i have 25 years of corporate 
			business experience and no first hand how organizing helps get 
			things done quicker. phone consultations are free so call me and see 
			how i can help you reduce your clutter and get organized once and 
			for all
this is a dust mite.  this is what is in dust



			
			get organized now and then you will be able to clean easier.  
			hence your home will be cleaner than ever!












			professional organizer for suffolk county, new york (ny)
professional 
			organizer suffolk county

			professional organizer for nassau county, new york (ny)
professional 
			organizer nassau county

			professional organizer for long island, new york (ny)

			professional organizer long island new york

			professional organizer for palm beach county, florida

			professional organizer palm beach county florida

			professional organizer for broward county, florida

			professional organizer broward county florida

	
			national association of professional organizers

			national association professional organizers recommends organize 
			your life

show disk usage, directory 
			printer, find duplicate files, rename files, and maintain your files 
			- all in 1 tool





allow me to help you get organized and change your life.
do you really want to get organized now and committed to making 
		changes
		email me: 
		ckbraun@optonline.net
contact me
631-588-6435

		cynthia braun
		professional home organizer for nassau county, suffolk county, long 
		island, new york
		golden circle member of napo (national association of professional 
		organizers)
		member of poli (professional organizers of long island)
		organizational expert
		get your life in order now!!!



				.

				.



				 







				.

				 







				 

				 


 



				cynthia just received for the second time the golden circle 
				award. the golden circle of napo represents the essence of the 
				napo mission: to be the leading source for organizing and 
				productivity professionals by providing exceptional education, 
				enhancing business connections, advancing industry research, and 
				increasing public awareness







click here to buy a gift certificate to my organizing services
gift certificate





click here to buy my ebook on organizing your home office, 
				kitchen or garage
ebook



home | 
adhd |
featured article | 
before and after | 
bio | 
contact form | 
benefits | 
cardboard recycling |

clutter bug | 
code of ethics | 
confidentiality | 
donation resources | 
ebooks | 
expiration dates | 
facts |
faq |
feng shui |

fitness
hoarding | 
home staging | 
how it works | 
how long | 
organizing tips | 
more than an organizer | 

myths |
office | 
press | 
pricing and gift certificates | 
public speaking | 
recycling | 
save or shred it | 
scrapbook | 
services | 
storing clothes | 

buying supplies | 
testimonials | 
whats keeping you | 
what is clutter | 
why people clutter | 
why hire me | 
work from home |
workshop |
		






