




accessory software








           
accessory software
 






























 











welcome to accessory
software! currently 15 apps for windows, and 9 for 
		macintosh,  are available to download for 
        30 day free trial,
        plus fourteen other programs are completely 
free! a multimedia viewer/player/editor, digital 
        photograph viewer/editor, file organizer and disk management utility, 
        web site/email surfing/organizing utility,  database file copy, 
		conversion utility, 
		and photo/multimedia 
        organizer are among your 
        choices. all programs are easy to use and have internet capabilities. download and try any or all of these programs.  

 








 















 
























				 









		 




















		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
		 
		 






				 




















         

          file 
		viewer  
		9.5
		-
		



		file management/viewer









update 
		! 

 file viewer is a disk management utility in 
	combination with a viewer. search your computer for pictures, sounds, music, 
	documents, database, spread sheets, and audio-video files. you can view, 
	print, or send and receive files over the internet using e-mail. a large 
	number of files can be organized in a database over a local network for 
	quick access. picture editing with copy / paste. copy files to another 
	computer, disk, or external media. batch copy, rename, delete, move, and zip 
	file creation.   

	         
	
     
	              
					  
introducing 
file viewer express 
	for 
windows  
	, and  macintosh 
    !  

share photos, text 
		and multimedia on network, running 
file viewer 
		express 
		2.5 or later !
 


 







   
net viewer 10.1 
		- internet 
		browser and bookmark/e-mail management










				net viewer is an internet utility program that saves your web 
				site addresses and e-mail in a highly organized, secure 
				database. thousands of web sites can be collected using the 
				automatic save while browsing, and easily retrieved with search 
				and database query functions. favorites and bookmarks can be 
				imported to the database by drag and drop into the program. any 
				number of lists can be made for fast viewing of web sites, and 
				run on a timer. e-mail can be saved while browsing. use any 
				number of browser windows to browse and 
				collect urls.
 
	               
		         
share all urls and 
		favorites on network running 

		net viewer 
		and net viewer lite !  

macintosh version 
!

		 


 







   
        


a personal finance manager 4.4 - 





track income, expenses, and 
		investments








new 
	app ! 

a personal finance manager gives you the 
				ability to track all your income (taxable and non taxable), 
				expenses, loans, and investments. complete with inquiries and 
				reports. track bank accounts and credit cards. separate secure 
				access database for each user. get current stock quotes over the 
				internet, while keeping all data in a password secure ms access 
				database. view investment totals and account totals in real 
				time.                   
	     


 








	 photo snap
	

8.1 -


	digital photo editor/viewer/organizer








update 
        ! 

photo snap is a digital photo 
        viewer/editor with search, print, organize, and e-mail functions. play 
        multimedia files and organize with multiple play lists. great slide show 
        and batch copy, move, rename, and image conversion utilities. create 
        snap shots from videos, play videos, and convert picture formats. 
        support for google photos, yahoo flickr, dropbox and email.

		         
		
       
                     
         


  new 
        version for
		windows 32 & 64 
        , 
		
and  
		macintosh
!

share photo albums 
        and photos on network !
 

 





         

          photo show pro 
        2.4 -
		

slide show 
        and photo sharing






 


new app 
		! 

photo show pro is an extension of photo show 
	producing slide shows using 3d objects. save as many slide shows as you like 
	with many photos and music files. share photos over your lan or wifi with 
	computers and devices running photo show, photo snap 6.8 or later and file 
	viewer express 2.2 or later. share photos with google plus, and yahoo flickr !  send and receive photos using your email accounts and 
	add to slide shows.
	         
	
    
	              
					     
                    versions for windows 
and
macintosh !

                    
	 






 




            
        




equation calculator pro 1.1 - 




 

        equation calculator pro










		new app !
	

the equation calculator pro lets you calculate a result for many equations and tables of data. equations, information and data is stored in a database. print and graphic capabilities, and lan support.
 
 
  
              

		  


                 







   
        



encrypt files 1.1 - 




file 
		encryption, memo encryption, file sharing 










new 
	app ! 

encrypt files is file encryption app 
		with easy file locating, viewing, and sharing functions. six encryption 
		methods. are available with history tracking preserving decryption 
		capabilities. send encrypted files with keys in a zip file that can only 
		be decrypted by this app. share encrypted files over the local area 
		network and cloud storage.


 
              


	version for both windows  

	and
macintosh !



	 







   
        



accessory media editor 1.6 - 





video editing, video convert, slide 
		show creation, video capture 








new 
	app ! 

accessory media editor is a quick editor for 
				mpg, mp4, flv, avi, wmv, wma, mp3, and wav files. over 70 video 
				and audio filters can be applied to your video files. convert 
				between avi, mpg, mp4, and flv files. cut and join videos, merge 
				video and music files. create mpg, mp4, flv or avi slide shows 
				from your photos. video capture, screen capture, camera and 
				microphone capture! add text and images to overlay videos. share 
				videos on the lan.                   
	     

	version for both windows  

	and
macintosh !
 
  






 




            
        




fat chat 2.4 - 





 

        lan messanger and file sharing app








 
fat chat is a local 
		area network chat / messenger app with extensive file sharing abilities. 
		send and receive messages, pictures, and files to others over the local 
		area network. built in photo viewer, multimedia player, favorites, and 
		history.
		share photos, video, database, document, and other files between 
		android, ios, windows, and osx.
support for cloud 
		storage: box, dropbox,google drive, and one drive.
  
            

share all files 
		between all devices running 
fat chat 
		2 
		! 

macintosh version 
! 

		  


     





   the 
		picture organizer
8 - 


		multimedia organizer/viewer









update !

the picture 
		organizer allows you to create numerous photo albums to organize your 
		pictures, and photo packages that can be easily sent and received over 
		the internet. you can find, display, edit, print, and send multiple 
		pictures. create picture packages that can be condensed into a zip file 
		and sent to multiple e-mail addresses or exchanged by rw/r cd rom, zip, 
		and dvd's. organize multimedia files!

               
    

	version for both windows  

	and
macintosh !

	 



                    
	 
	               
	 





    
		 


data copy 
8 
		- 
 the database copier 
		- 
database file utility









update !



the database file copier 
					allows you to copy database records using all or selected 
					fields between dbase, datasnap, sqlite,  access,  excel, 
					firebird, and interbase files. you 
					can create datasnap, sqlite, firebird. interbase, and excel files, and 
					exchange data with these database file types. database 
					utilities  as find, browse, copy, design, edit, save, 
					delete, print, and email are available. now with a new 
					faster interface, and file sharing !    


                 

 


data 
					quik 6.9 for windows xp, vista, and windows 7

  







  

        picture viewer max  
		

		7.9
 
		-



picture viewer/editor/slide 
		show









	 

picture viewer max is a picture/image 
		viewer/editor that easily locates picture and multimedia files of major 
		file types. you can display, edit, print, organize, and send files. 
		sections of pictures can be cut and pasted onto other pictures, plus you 
		can add text and shapes to your pictures creating greeting cards that 
		can be printed or sent over the internet using e-mail. create html 
		pages. batch rename, copy, and conversion. great slide show! create 
		great logos! capture video frames, and convert between major audio/video 
		files.

 
              




                    
	 






 




            
        




new pdf 1.3 - 




 

        word processor and file sharing app










		new app !
	

new pdf is a word 
		processor and pdf creator with extensive file sharing abilities. 
		you can create and edit pdf, rtf, rte, htm, and html files. support for 
		google photos, yahoo flickr, and drop box. photos and images can be edited and 
		inserted into pdf documents. access and excel tables can be inserted 
		into documents. documents, photos, spread sheets, and text files can be 
		organized by groups for each section. sharing capabilities include email, 
		ftp, and lan support.
 
 
  
              

		    






 




          
		infoman 4.3 - 



 

        a personal information manager









	update !
	


		infoman is a personal information manager with contact information, 
		scheduling, notes, and email. infoman is similar to the ios and android 
		version. infoman for windows will allow transfer of contact, schedule, 
		and notes information with photos, back and forth between android mobile 
		devices running info manager, apple devices running infoman and infoman 
		for windows. locate contacts with google maps!


                     
	free !!!
    version 
	for windows  
	and 
macintosh !

share contact, 
		schedule and notes information between all devices running infoman or 
		infomanager !
 



					          






 


          net viewer lite 7 - 





web browser plus









free !!!

net viewer lite is an web browser 
				allowing you to browse more than one web site at a time using 
				tabs. all your internet explorer favorites are automatically 
				accessible with net viewer lite. create favorite lists, assign 
				web sites to toolbar buttons, and run web pages on the list 
				displaying for a preset time. share bookmarks and lists with 
				other pcs running net viewer lite on your local area network.


introducing 

net viewer lite for macintosh 
! share windows favorites.
         




	  







 




          share stuff 3.0 - 



photo 
		sharing, video uploading, and event announcements 









				share stuff connects you to google photos, yahoo flickr, you 
				tube, and google calendar, allowing you to easily share photos, 
				photo albums, videos, and calendar events on the internet. share 
				stuff provides you with a fast and easy interface to transfer 
				photos, photo albums with descriptions from photo snap 6.9 or 
				file viewer express 2.3 to google photos, yahoo flickr, and 
				facebook. support for google contacts and live contacts !                   
	     

	version for both windows and macintosh !



 







	 accessory media viewer
4.1 -


	multimedia player/viewer/browser







accessory media viewer is 
	an all purpose viewer that allows you to find, view, edit. and print picture 
	and image files, plus find, play, and edit multimedia files. create avi 
	files and animated tiffs from pictures, and surf the internet. easy to learn and use interface. displays text, 
	documents, and html files. organize files with favorite lists, and separate 
	play lists for videos and music.

                           
		 



             








		 



help yourself to
some 
 
free jpeg pictures of the
california coast and 


free picture viewer !
download
free personal information manager !
feel free to 
send
any questions or comments !
 
all programs compatible with 
microsoft windows 7, vista, windows 2000, and windows xp. net viewer and accessory 
media viewer will also run on windows 95, 98 or me. the address book will 
run on windows 3x and later.

  
                                

                                     















 

