




	
    kansas department of transportation | home






































please enable javascript in your browser for a better user experience.








skip to main content


kansas department of transportation

home
menu




news
jobs
faqs
contact




search

close


search

activate search













homeaboutcontactlocationsopen recordsproperty damage claimsemploymentcurrent openingsbenefitsnews and eventsnews releasesinformation for mediaevents and noticespublications and reportsannual reporthighway safety improvement program annual reportlegislative testimonylegislative updatesstate transportation improvement program (stip)strategic highway safety planour organizationkdot historykdot leadershipdistrictsdivisionsprojectsnortheast kansas projectsnorth central kansas projectsnorthwest kansas projectssoutheast kansas projectssouth central kansas projectssouthwest kansas projectsstatewide projectsproject archiveprogramsall programsaviation programsbridge programseconomic development programseisenhower legacy transportation program (ike)local opportunity programsmultimodal programssafety programsstormwater managementtraining & education programsdoing businessaccess managementcommercial vehicle informationdesign consultantsdesign consultant prequalificationdesign solicitations and rfpscontracts and paymentdesign resourceshighway contractorshighway letting informationcontractor prequalificationcontractor resourcespermitsgateway and welcome featuresharvesting hay on highway right of waykdot utility permit system (kups)noxious weed control contractrequest for kdot support for discretionary grantssigns & salvagetravelkansas mapstravel conditionskandrivetraveler safetybicycle & pedestrian safetyrailroad safetyroadway safetywork zone safety



















check road conditions
check kandrive for up-to-date road conditions

check kandrive








ike in action
stay in the know with construction projects happening in your area

see active projects








2025 annual report
kdot reports progress on ike program and other initiatives

read the report








local opportunities
find funding options for local transportation projects

learn more





























kandrive
stay informed with real-time updates on road conditions and construction detours on kansas roads.









ike
the eisenhower legacy transportation program is a 10-year investment in infrastructure.









drive to zero
drive to zero aims to eliminate fatal and serious injury crashes on kansas roads.









employment
join the kdot team of dedicated professionals strengthening the state's transportation system.




















featured
news



 

kdot’s cost share program applications being accepted





 

kansas srts program helps expand safety for students





 

drive to zero day at the capitol rescheduled for march 27





 

toby selected as transportation planning bureau chief




more news





















find and follow your kdot district
stay up to date with the latest project updates and news based on your kdot region. plus, find local contacts to help you do business with kdot.

find your district









2025 traffic crash deaths
kansas has 38 traffic crash fatalities in 2025 as of 2/11/2025. this is a 90% increase compared to the same date in 2024. these are preliminary numbers which can change based on trauma and investigation outcomes. 
drive the posted speed limits. don’t speed.

buckle up. every trip. every time.

learn about the drive to zero





















resources for
residents and travelers









travel conditions
stay informed about road conditions with national, statewide and local resources
learn more









projects
get up-to-date on the latest active projects located across the state
learn more









programs
find information on local, safety, economic development, funding and other programs
learn more









traveler safety
find safety tips for various modes of transportation, including how kdot supports work zone safety
learn more
















resources for
communities, businesses and partners









doing business
kdot is dedicated to creating a collaborative and efficient environment for businesses.
learn more









highway contractors
kdot partners with skilled highway contractors to build and maintain kansas' transportation network.
learn more









design consultants
kdot employs a qualifications-based selection process to engage highly qualified consultants.
learn more









local projects
kdot offers communities a variety of ways to improve local infrastructure through funding programs.
learn more


























video spotlight

kdot purpose & values
secretary calvin reed gives a brief overview of kdot's purpose and values that keep kansans moving forward.


learn more

















kdot
by the numbers
kansas has the fourth largest public highway and local road system in the country and is fifth in the nation for total number of bridges.









0
miles of state highway









0
state-owned bridges









0
dedicated public servants employed









0
million miles traveled on state highways daily







learn more about kdot








































contact us     terms of use





eisenhower building, 700 sw harrison, topeka, ks, 66603-3745 phone: (785) 296-3566

















