







orlando florida vacations with destinations in florida

























































 

disney world, disney cruise, universal orlando resort, and orlando vacations,book orlando packages, hotels or tickets with a local travel agencyfacebookinstagrampinterestrsstwitteryoutube

start planning your vacation
join our team
about us

awards & media
our travel advisors
contact us
privacy


español
 






request a quote






















destination*-select destination-disney world orlandouniversal orlando resortorlando vacation with disney, universal & moredisney cruiseroyal caribbean cruisenorwegian cruisedisneylandadventures by disneyhawaii vacationeuropesandals (all inclusive)beaches (all inclusive)first name*last name*phone*email*

check in date*

mm slash dd slash yyyy

check out date*

mm slash dd slash yyyy

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 









δ






current specials:




	      			disney world specials	      		





	      			cruise specials	      		





	      			universal orlando specials	      		





	      			other florida specials	      		





planning a florida vacation? you have come to the right spot! we are a florida based travel agency (celebrating 24 years) specializing in family travel. we are the local travel experts to help plan your family vacation, all at no cost to you.

start planning today request a price online
 



discounts on florida travel
our team of locals share our favorite discounts on florida travel. are you ready for a vacation to the sunshine state?



beach getaway:  are you dreaming of the salt air, warm breezes, and boogie boarding waves? as a florida travel agency, we know the best beaches for a family vacation. we can help you book a vacation home with the view of the ocean, a camping spot for your rv, or a package vacation with hotel, attractions, and dining. our team is ready to help you book your beach weekend or getaway at the best discount! call us at 877-918-8941 or request a price online.
legoland resort: we love legoland! this is the perfect destination for younger family members. you can stay at one of the (3) legoland hotels and play at the legoland park and water park. our team is excited to help you plan your trip. call us at 877-918-8941 or request a price online.
walt disney world resort: an amazing discount is available for family vacations from today-december 25, 2024. you can save up to 30% off select disney resorts + free park hopper when you book a 4-day ticket or longer. that is double savings! call us at 877-918-8941 or request a price online.
 royal caribbean utopia of the seas: the newest cruise ship in the royal caribbean fleet is the utopia of the seas sailing this month. you can take advantage of some amazing deals on utopia and all of the ships in the rc fleet. plus take advantage of extra shipboard credits that you can only get with us. call us at 877-918-8941 or request a price online.

 

meet our award winning team
as a local florida travel agency, our team is always at your favorite theme parks, water parks, beaches, hotels and restaurants. our experiences help you have a better family vacation with insider tips and tricks. the best news is our services are free! we are paid by our suppliers to help you plan an amazing vacation.
we have booked travel for royal families, actors, directors, professional sports players, professional photographers, youtubers, influencers, and food network chefs. we look forward to adding your family to our elite list of guests.

get to know our president (allison) and our amazing award winning team. learn about our awards, recognitions, and media.
latest videos


 















let us help you plan your florida vacation!
request a price online 


copyright © 2025 · destinations to explore, inc. · all rights reserved · phone: 877-918-8941 · florida seller of travel st36132 · washington 605400907 













      menu    




start planning your vacation
join our team
about us

awards & media
our travel advisors
contact us
privacy


español
































