









cheapest london hotels - luxury to cheap hotels in central london with best rates and exclusive deals from discounted hotels london




























london hotels

discounted hotels london



great savings on london hotels
 since 1999




london hotels



book for tonight
book for tomorrow
london hotels
group bookings
sitemap























the best deals for cheap london hotels and lastminute special offers


discounted hotels london have been providing the lowest rates for hotels in london since 1999.  we have a huge range of hotels, providing the perfect choice for those looking to book a hotel at short notice, weekend city breaks, business travellers to london or family packages for a holiday in london. you can book last minute deals, or plan ahead by booking over a year in advance.   we provide local london based phone support available throughout the week.











search deals for london hotels

check in


tonight / tomorrow night


check out





guests


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
20+




















find the best deals on london hotels, apartments, hostels and much more

                        you can book online or by telephone and secure your booking with a valid credit card. 
                    








the w14 hotel london




                                        3 star hotel
                                    


 
                            the w14 is a family-owned hotel always aiming to provide clean and comfortable accommodation for great prices in an excellent central london location, just a 5-minute walk from barons court and west kensington tube stations. 
                        
more details 






kings cross inn hotel




                                        3 star hotel
                                    


 
                            the kings cross inn hotel is situated directly opposite london's kings cross station, providing immediate access to many superb transport links, including the international eurostar service.  
                        
more details 






st paul's hotel




                                        4 star hotel
                                    


 
                            this stylish boutique hotel is located in the centre of hammersmith. the building dates back from 1884 and was built by alfred waterhouse, the architect of the natural history museum to house st paul school. 
                        
more details 






citadines trafalgar square 




                                        4 star aparthotel
                                    


 
                            citadines trafalgar square provides four-star serviced accommodations in one of the most central locations in the city, just a few steps away from trafalgar square and minutes from the west end, oxford street and westminster. 
                        
more details 






strand palace hotel




                                        4 star hotel
                                    


 
                            the strand palace hotel is perfectly placed in the heart of london's theatre land in covent garden and only minutes from charing cross and covent garden underground stations. 
                        
more details 






park lane mews hotel




                                        4 star hotel
                                    


 
                            the park lane mews hotel is a desirable 4-star hotel located within minute's walk of knightsbridge, oxford street, green park, piccadilly, buckingham palace, regents street and hyde park.
                        
more details 






st giles hotel london




                                        3 star hotel
                                    


 
                            the st. giles hotel in central london is one of europe's largest independent hotels. situated in the west end of london, just off oxford street, you are within walking distance of london's major shopping areas, tourist attractions and theatres. 
                        
more details 






shaftesbury piccadilly hotel




                                        4 star hotel
                                    


 
                            the shaftesbury piccadilly hotel featuring deluxe accommodation in the heart of london's west end, and is located just minutes away from leicester square, covent garden and piccadilly circus. 
                        
more details 






waldorf hilton hotel




                                        5 star hotel
                                    


 
                            the waldorf hilton is a 5 star hotel, situated in london's west end just 150 yards from the royal opera house. this luxury london hotel boasts spacious, elegant rooms, a chandelier-lit restaurant, and a fitness club.
                        
more details 






marriott county hall




                                        4 star hotel
                                    


 
                            the london marriott hotel county hall is a five-star hotel, offering breathtaking views overlooking big ben & the river thames in central london. the hotel boasts 200 guest rooms and suites, all of which have been refurbished to a very high standard.
                        
more details 






the may fair




                                        5 star hotel
                                    


 
                            the may fair, a radisson collection hotel is a luxurious 5-star hotel situated in the heart of mayfair, surrounded by the parks, theatres and attractions of london’s west end.  
                        
more details 






grand at trafalgar square




                                        4 star hotel
                                    


 
                            the grand at trafalgar square provides four-star hotel accommodations in central london and boasts spectacular features including the entry hall, upper level grand gallery, and the obika mozzarella bar.
                        
more details 






explore london's top districts



bayswater


- baker street


- bloomsbury


- charing cross


- covent garden


- kensington


- kings cross


- knightsbridge


- marble arch


- mayfair


- oxford street


- paddington


- park lane


- piccadilly


- regents park


- sloane square


- trafalgar square


- victoria


- waterloo


- wembley


- west end


- westminster







explore london's top attractions



london eye


- big ben


- buckingham palace


- bloomsbury theatre


- chinatown


- excel london


- shaftesbury avenue


- hammersmith apollo







related links



browse list of all hotels in london by area


5 star hotels in london


4 star hotels in london


3 star hotels in london


accommodation in london


london tube stations


london attractions












cheapest london hotels
we aim to make online hotel bookings as simple and enjoyable as possible. we have negotiated excellent discounted hotel rates for many popular london hotel brands and chains.











customer service

phone  01480 212898




quick links

home
get in touch
my account
group bookings
about us
privacy policy
sitemap




copyright © 1999 - 2025
discounted hotels london






book for tonight
book for tomorrow
london hotels
my account
sitemap




















