








	lake keowee lifestyles > home


hair pins uk cost of hair extensions in india latex clothing best conditioner for bleached hair uk rapunzel haircut meme latex clothing 































lake keowee and lake jocassee









a place to enjoy all that life has to offer
looking for a place to call home? a place to build your 2nd or vacation home?  a place to relocate your business and start reaping the dividends of what you already sown?  a place to invest in your future?  if you have reached a time in your life where you recognize that there is more than commuting in traffic, and anxiously awaiting each weekend and vacation then begin today enjoying this gift we call life.
if you love the best of what mother nature has to offer, spectacular mountains and waterfalls, crystal clear waters and almost perfect 4-season weather, then we have the place for you.  tucked in the northwest corner of south carolina is truly a paradise found.  here you will find lifelong residents and newcomers alike say “this is the most beautiful part of the country i have ever seen.”
the blue ridge mountains serves as the backdrop and lake keowee the centerpiece of this beautiful setting.  there are 18,500 acres of water and more than 3000 miles of shoreline.  lake keowee provides a wonderful opportunity to enjoy nature.  if you enjoy water sports you will love the sailing, boating, water-skiing, canoeing, whitewater rafting and fishing.  the area is surrounded by 1000's of acres of protected land with six state parks nearby and located with access to two of the most pristine lakes in the southeast, lake keowee and lake jocassee.  golfers will enjoy the various public and private golfing options available around lake keowee.
lake keowee is located only 45 minutes from greenville, sc , 90 minutes from atlanta and 2 hours from charlotte.  only 20 minutes away is the town of clemson – home of the clemson tigers.  in addition to their national ranked sports teams, clemson's campus hosts 270 acres of botanical gardens and the brooks center for the performing arts.  take classes or simply feed off the energy that comes from a thriving college town.
once you arrive you will know that this is the place for you.  the toughest part will be deciding which community to call home.  there is something for every taste, and price point.  begin today enjoying this gift we call life.
to find out more about lake keowee real estate or lake jocassee real estate please browse or site with the links below.  if you would like more information about lake keowee property or lake jocassee property please click here.



















home | history | the lifestyle





login | 










