

















story city skilled nursing facility - bethany life - central iowa














































 


















 


 

below is the code that needs to be place into the header of the site so that we can track and record the calls coming in.

 














 







contact us
call: (515) 733-4325
facebook
bethany blog
virtual tour
 












our services

lifebridge transitional care
long-term care
memory care
respite care
timberland village
twin homes
cedar place
bethany at home
lifechoices®


admissions
amenities

activities
tom and stevie bistro
chaplaincy program
on-site spa
therapy


giving

volunteer
bethany life foundation
affordables
make a donation
monthly giving


careers

current job openings
leadership


about us

about bethany life
thanking our staff


 


select page


 




 















story county premier care 



welcome to bethany life 



"i believe that bethany life is the best skilled nursing facility in story county and surrounding counties"
— diana egan • ames iowa 






learn more about bethany life →


















sign up here








 













 















print application here















family visit information 




loved ones can now come into the building to see residents. we do ask that you follow the guidelines to keep all residents and staff safe. at this time only residents are allowed at the sunday church service. we will update you when family members and community members are allowed to attend.    

we appreciate your patience.  as always we will continue to update you here.
if you are wanting to schedule a zoom call please click on the “sign up here” button below. 






sign up here →







our communities 



bethany life offers a variety of care options for older adults including assisted living, independent living, and long-term care. located in story city, iowa, bethany life has been a part of the community since 1914. our continuum of care serves story, hamilton, hardin, boone and marshall counties.click the images below to learn more about our wide range of community options 










assisted & independent living














transitional care


















long term & memory care














lifechoices® at bethany




















bethany life
212 lafayette ave
story city, iowa 50248
515-733-4325
office@bethanylife.org

 → make a donation

care admissions
lifebridge transitional care
cedar place
timberland village
households of bethany
twin homes
bethany at homerecent news


recent posts


bethany life quilting group


new rift bill


a community coming together




bethany life

 

© bethany life ... | privacy policy   web design and development by saltech systems
notice of nondiscrimination | español | العربية | 中国 | français | deutsche | हिन्दी| 한국의 | pennsylvania nederlands | русский | српско-хрватски | tagalog | ไทย | tiếng việt













































