








funtrail vehicle accessories-providing excellent products-service






























































  








skip to content









homelocationcontact uscurrent rebates and coupons 

facebooktwitterinstagram 



 












proudly serving central ohio since 1975
3966 indianola ave., columbus, oh 43214
store hours: monday-friday 9am to 5pm
614-262-5251
contact us!















commercial accessories

shelves & storage

ranger designranger design cataolgs 
truck caps & covers

are commercial caps and lids 
ladder racks

ranger designprime designtrailfx 
walls & floors

legend fleet solutionsranger design 
cargo management

cargoglidebedslidedecked 
security

slick locksbolt lock 
tool boxeshitches and towingrampssnow plows
truck caps & lid





 










z series






z2 series






revo series






evolve series






cx series






overland series






mx series






tw series






ls3 series






 








 


build your cap or cover 
 


 




 


 
 




atc truck covers 
 




are truck caps and lid 
 

ranger design

ranger design homeranger design cataolgs
yakimadeckedaccessories

tonno coversinterior & exterior protection

weathertechhusky liners 
bolt lockcargo management

deckedbedslidecargoglide 
hitches and towingstep boards & barssnowsport snow plowsuws tool boxes
gallery

airecomamerica’s floor sourceanimal transportbuckeye nissan tailgate vanclassic airdhlhilton hotel transport vanmobile repair shopphoenix safety outfitters mobile sales vannisource-columbia gassafelite auto glassspeer mechanicaltactical response vehiclew.w. williamswaterworkswillbros engineering
about uscontact uscurrent rebates and coupons





 
 




 
 

commercial accessories shelves & storage ranger designranger design cataolgstruck caps & covers are commercial caps and lidsladder racks ranger designprime designtrailfxwalls & floors legend fleet solutionsranger designcargo management cargoglidebedslidedeckedsecurity slick locksbolt locktool boxeshitches and towingrampssnow plowstruck caps & lid are truck caps and lidatc truck coversranger design ranger design homeranger design cataolgsyakimadeckedaccessories tonno coversinterior & exterior protection weathertechhusky linersbolt lockcargo management deckedbedslidecargoglidehitches and towingstep boards & barssnowsport snow plowsuws tool boxesgallery airecomamerica’s floor sourceanimal transportbuckeye nissan tailgate vanclassic airdhlhilton hotel transport vanmobile repair shopphoenix safety outfitters mobile sales vannisource-columbia gassafelite auto glassspeer mechanicaltactical response vehiclew.w. williamswaterworkswillbros engineeringabout uscontact uscurrent rebates and coupons



 














search for:




















homegregg henry2025-02-04t06:46:35-05:00

welcome to funtrail vehicle accessories































































































 



i really enjoyed my time coming to this place. this was my first visit here. i was sent to this place by the yakima website. i was helped by a guy named eric. he was really helpful and took the time to get me a decent estimate. if you need to get help with outfitting your vehicle with outdoor equipment this would be a good place to consider.				
 robert coates 




i do not do reviews, but this is a great store.  i told randy exactly what type of tonneau i wanted.  he showed me a few choices, explained the differences, and had the one i wanted in stock.  he was knowledgeable and courteous.  the extang trifecta 2.0 is perfect.				
 ken kibbey 


 



this place is superior!  they are knowledgeable and their work is precise.				
 terri hammond ballard 




nice place great staff. clean orderly shop.				
 lamont bryan 


 



randall smith very good man very helpful very upfront descriptive very professional good atmosphere clean shop very good people surround him i will be going back to get other accessories in the future				
 robert spurgeon 




great staff. they go above and beyond for their customers.				
 brenda davis 





top commercial & personal vehicle accessories in columbus, ohio
funtrail has everything you need to make the most out of your truck, van or suv! from individual products – like a.r.e. commercial truck caps and covers, ranger design van shelving and yakima products – to the complete conversion of your vehicle into a high-powered, high-functioning machine, we are ready to assist you with anything you need today!
get a quote

explore our commerical accessories
our unwavering commitment to excellent customer service 

funtrail has a columbus showroom that displays the majority of our products, so you can see them in real life instead of relying on just the pictures. our team members are not only constantly looking for the newest and best vehicle accessories the industry has to offer, they’re also knowledgeable about every product we currently carry. already know what you want? excellent! need a little extra guidance? we’re here for you.
get started with funtrail
professional vehicle accessory installation 

beyond helping you choose the best accessories for your vehicle, funtrail has a team of expert technicians, ready to seamlessly install them for you. looking to increase the shelving and storage options in your work van? need to convert your van into a comfortable, reliable and efficient work vehicle? we’ve got you covered with an array of customizable options and professional fitting services! 
proudly serving central ohio – & beyond! 
over the years, our catalog of products and services has grown significantly. the funtrail portfolio of projects is more robust than ever and our product knowledge is at the top of its game. not only have we expanded our capabilities, but we’ve also widened our scope of customers served!
we proudly serve columbus, ohio, but we also take care of those in the following cities: 

westerville
dublin
marion
cincinnati
dayton
bexley
grove city
gahanna

don’t see your city listed? not a problem at all! these are just some of the cities where we have active customers. get in touch with us today to learn more about how we can help you! 
check us out!

share this story, choose your platform!



 
 









 
 
 





		copyright 2024 - funtrail vehicle accessories | all rights reserved |	

 
 
 
 


 
 









manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent



































































































go to top




