























































pressrepublican.com













































skip to main content



















facebook





instagram





email




















search










subscribelogin






explore the niagara frontier





subscribe


start a subscription

manage my subscription

e-paper

app downloads

newsletter


subscriber rewards



special publications



news





puzzles, comics & games


comics

puzzles

games




sports


local sports

national sports

high school sports

college sports

adult/youth sports

outdoors

flashback

sports shorts

coach's corner


photo galleries





classifieds


jobs

autos

homes

place an ad

find & save

coupons




community


anniversary

engagements

weddings

celebrations

photos

property transfers

submit announcements




opinion


columns

editorials

letters to the editor

cheers and jeers

speakout

in my opinion

blogs




obituaries


obituaries

death notices

funeral notices




shop


weekly ads

newspaper ads


public notices



e-paper



app



celebrations





contact us


purchase photos

submit a letter to the editor

submit a news tip

place an obituary

































                                                            search
                                                        















contact us


purchase photos


submit a letter to the editor


submit a news tip


place an obituary


subscribe


start a subscription


manage my subscription


e-paper


app downloads


newsletter


login





 


e-paper


local events


see all events


add your event


celebrations


obituaries


obituaries


death notices


funeral notices


public notices


special publications























11°











                                
                                    plattsburgh, ny
                                
                                (12901)
today
cloudy. snow showers developing this afternoon. high 24f. winds light and variable. chance of snow 60%. snow accumulations less than one inch..
                                
tonight
periods of snow. low 19f. winds ne at 5 to 10 mph. chance of snow 90%. snow accumulating 3 to 5 inches.
 updated: february 15, 2025 @ 8:17 am



 full forecast















                saturday, february 15, 2025
            

e-paper






newsletter





facebook





instagram




















































        

        
            justice department asks court to dismiss corrup…
















        

        
            zelenskyy to vance: ukraine wants 'security gua…
















        

        
            very cold weather is coming. us about to get 10…
















        

        
            us retail sales plunged along with temperatures…














weather alert





winter storm warning from sat 7:00 pm est until mon 1:00 am est














weather alert


...winter storm warning remains in effect from 7 pm this evening to
1 am est monday...

* what...heavy snow and mixed precipitation expected. total snow and
sleet accumulations between 6 and 12 inches, with locally higher
amounts possible in the st. lawrence valley of new york. ice
accumulations ranging from a trace to around one tenth of an inch,
highest across south-central vermont.

* where...northern new york and vermont.

* when...from 7 pm this evening to 1 am est monday.

* impacts...travel will be very difficult due to the combination of
heavy snow, sleet, and ice. power outages are expected along the
western slopes of the green mountains where strong winds are also
likely during the daylight hours on sunday.

* additional details...precipitation will begin as all snow by
saturday evening. a gradual transition to sleet with pockets of
freezing rain is expected during the day sunday. travel will be
particularly difficult on sunday as a result. precipitation will
transition back to snow showers for sunday night.

precautionary/preparedness actions...

if you must travel, keep an extra flashlight, food, and water in
your vehicle in case of an emergency. for the latest on road
conditions in vermont, visit https://newengland511.org and for new
york, visit https://511ny.org.

&&
































        

        
            united way celebrates end of fundraising with cow kissing

chazy — while most people were spending valentine’s day friday with their loved ones, others in the north country were spending it kissing supernova, a three-year-old cow at chazy’s miner institute. 



















national




        

        
            justice department asks court to dismiss corruption charges against new york city mayor eric adams

by michael r. sisak, larry neumeister, alanna durkin richer and eric tucker - associated press
13 hrs ago


the justice department has asked a court to drop corruption charges against new york city mayor eric adams. the formal dismissal request came …










+12







world




        

        
            zelenskyy to vance: ukraine wants 'security guarantees' as trump seeks to end ukraine-russia war

by aamer madhani, emma burrows and stefanie dazio 
associated press
17 hrs ago


ukrainian president volodymyr zelenskyy says his country wants “security guarantees” before any talks to end the ukraine-russia war. zelenskyy…










+5







national




        

        
            very cold weather is coming. us about to get 10th and chilliest polar vortex this winter

by seth borenstein 
ap science writer
20 hrs ago


meteorologists warn that the coldest burst of arctic air this season is coming to put an icy and prolonged exclamation point on america’s wint…

















business




        

        
            us retail sales plunged along with temperatures in january after a bustling holiday season

by christopher rugaber and anne d'innocenzio 
ap business writers
21 hrs ago


u.s. retail sales dropped sharply last month, in part because cold weather kept more americans indoors and dented sales at car dealers and mos…












        

        
            trump orders us to ditch the penny. what's its connection to nascar's most impactful daytona 500?

cease production of the penny, let collectors gobble up what’s left of the 1 cent coin, and there will still be one eternally glued to dale ea…










        

        
            gold, silver or bronze. mikaela shiffrin has never finished off the podium in a slalom at the worlds

mikaela shiffrin is chasing a record-breaking 16th medal at the world championships in the slalom on saturday. she's currently tied for the re…










        

        
            here's a crash course — a cheat sheet, really — for the 67th running of the daytona 500

welcome to the daytona 500! maybe you’re new to the sport, have a casual interest or are just coming around to the edge-of-your-seat wrecks, t…










        

        
            with tears flowing, dale earnhardt jr. gets another shot at the daytona 500 as a team owner

dale earnhardt jr. blinked back tears as the moment hit him at daytona international speedway — a track bursting with triumph and tragedy for …


















        

        
            section vii wrestling championships today

plattsburgh — if today’s section vii wrestling championships at ausable valley central school are anything like the champlain valley athletic …

























        

        
            ticonderoga brings circus show, live music to end of winter carnival

ticonderoga — fireworks, circus acts and live music are part of this year’s ticonderoga end of winter carnival. 


















        

        
            partnership brings strider bikes to l.p. quinn elementary school

young children in tupper lake are learning to ride bikes as part of their physical education, thanks to a fleet of new strider bikes donated t…


















        

        
            doogan's deli & grocery running as new deli in plattsburgh

plattsburgh — doogan’s deli & grocery officially opened its doors jan. 2 offering the community a one-stop shop for sandwiches, groceries,…


















        

        
            town of plattsburgh raises concerns of electricity rates

plattsburgh — residents of the town of plattsburgh have voiced their concerns over electricity costs continuing to rise and causing financial strain. 






























trending recipes










premium text ads












                
                press pass podcast
                
            











38:28








        

        
            press pass podcast episode 112: a conversation with molly ryan

clinton county industrial development agency executive director molly ryan sits down with press-republican editor-in-chief joe lotemplio and night editor ben rowe to discuss the work of bringing in — and keeping — businesses in the north country.

















        

        
            press pass podcast episode 111: a conversation with ken knelly












        

        
            press pass podcast: episodes 109 and 110: city of plattsburgh mayoral candidates speak

















trending videos








local events


 






                
                features
                
                    


















        

        
            cats hosting free beginner cross-country ski lesson



















        

        
            cfes helps north country students prepare for entrepreneurial challenge



















        

        
            ticonderoga brings circus show, live music to end of winter carnival











                
                sports
                
            














        

        
            gadway celebrates a career in wrestling with 500th win

beekmantown — high school students at beekmantown central were still being discharged for the day. 




















        

        
            section vii wrestling championships today

plattsburgh — if today’s section vii wrestling championships at ausable valley central schoo…


















        

        
            gadway celebrates a career in wrestling with 500th win

beekmantown — high school students at beekmantown central were still being discharged for the day. 


















        

        
            sports on tv: feb 15-16, 2024

(all times eastern) 
















                
                online poll
                
            






        

        
            did you like this year's halftime show?





you voted: 






 yes
                                



 no
                                

vote
view results




back




















                
                obituaries
                
                    









        

        
            jane defayette

















        

        
            brandell, richard "dick"

















        

        
            connick, leo

















        

        
            provost, dorrine jan 13, 1937 - feb 10, 2025

















        

        
            trombly, gloria may 12, 1940 - feb 10, 2025









        

        
            nolette, brian









        

        
            jarvis, joan






more obituaries


a twitter list by pressrepublican 


















                
                special publications
                
            













                
                columns
                
                    









        

        
            the god squad: the way love heals us

















        

        
            the law and you: animal cruelty includes neglect

















        

        
            climate science: the data still stands; unlike ice, it will not melt away









        

        
            ask style and substance: finding common ground in divided times









        

        
            the god squad: can prayer heal people?









        

        
            cheers and jeers: feb. 3, 2025

















        

        
            back in the day: curtain calls of the cliff haven stock company






more opinion news





                
                opinion
                
                    









        

        
            editorial: peace and love on valentine's day









        

        
            the god squad: the way love heals us

















        

        
            the law and you: animal cruelty includes neglect









        

        
            letters to the editor: feb. 13, 2025









        

        
            editorial: let's get on with ny-21 special election









        

        
            letters to the editor: feb. 12, 2025









        

        
            editorial: wine stores  add to prosperity






more opinion





                
                business
                
                    

















        

        
            doogan's deli & grocery running as new deli in plattsburgh

















        

        
            happy campers: blue haven campground and resort sold

















        

        
            wee bee oil & lube expands

















        

        
            new grocery store opens in keeseville

















        

        
            downtown caricature shop opens

















        

        
            freshly baked: new location brings new ideas for norma j’s cafe & bakeshop

















        

        
            moriah and ti prepare for small business saturday promos






more business news

















                
                most popular
                
            




 articles


 images


 videos


 commented




articlesbody of jahfari joseph believed to have been foundformer dannemora supervisor appears in court for attempted rape chargefour area men charged with attempted rape20-year-old malone man dies in route 11 accidentski resort reports declining canadian visitsgendebien selected as democratic candidate for ny-21 special electionparking ban in effect in city of plattsburghcity of plattsburgh announces 2025 eventsnew water park innovator coming to plattsburghlake placid blaze forces out lodge residents

images












































videossorry, there are no recent results for popular videos.

commentedsorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.




















































                            get breaking news
                        

                            sign up now to get our free breaking news coverage delivered right to your inbox.
                        


sign-up
















first amendment: congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.







                
                contact information
                
            


pressrepublican.com
    170 margaret st. 
    plattsburgh, ny 12901
    
phone: (518) 561-2300
email: news@pressrepublican.com




                
                services
                
            




about us


contact us


advertise with us


subscriber services


submission forms


cookie preferences







                
                sections
                
            




 home


news


comics


puzzles


sports


community


opinion


photos


weather

















×
browser compatibility


your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.we recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

microsoft edge
google chrome
firefox



















© copyright 2025
press-republican
170 margaret st. , plattsburgh, ny

 | terms of use

 | privacy policy

powered by blox content management system from blox digital.























