






first & peoples bank and trust company







skip navigation


×close alert button














fdic logo








fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government





first & peoples bank











menu

search

search





search

search




loans


personal

business



deposits


personal


checking

savings

cds & iras



business


checking

savings

cds





services


netbanker & epay

netbanker application

touch tone teller

financial calculators

order checks

platinum visa

emv chip debit cards

safe deposit boxes



trust 


trust services

portfolio account link



contact


get in touch

atm & branch locator

hours & info

careers



quick links


funds availability policy disclosure

lost/stolen debit/credit/atm card

mycardstatement

fdic electronic deposit insurance estimator (edie)

privacy policy 

security

















 





 


 
























login
online banking id


sign in


forgot | enroll





quick links
 
checking navigator
 
loan information request form
visa transaction alerts
lost/stolen debit/credit/atm card
mycardstatement
privacy policy
security
elderly financial abuse resources
fdic electronic deposit insurance estimator (edie)
 


helping hands of greenup county
ashland alliance
 - fivco
greenup county, ky 
greenup county clerk
greenup county genealogy & historical society
city of greenup
city of flatwoods
city of russell

 
like us on facebook!

be wary of scams!
with all the craziness in the world, the bad guys are ramping up their evil ways. they'll do anything they can to get to your personal information. whether it be a phone call or text message, be wary and vigilant about giving your personal information. to read more about these scams, the better business bureau has a good article you can peruse. click here to view!

check fraud
fraud is a continuous cycle of scamming and protecting working to one-up each other.  the ever changing tactics to defraud reach a new level of deceit and creativity each day.  the latest trend  centers around counterfeiting checks.  click the link below to read the latest edition of the fdic newsletter to learn how criminals are using checks as their latest tool and how to protect yourself.

fdic consumer news: beware of fake checks


 


a recent study by metlife mature market institute estimates that 2 million seniors are exploited by elderly financial abuse resulting in losses of $2.9 billion a year.
first & peoples bank and trust has partnered with cra partners and the senior housing crime prevention foundation to help protect our elderly and keep them safe from the threat of neglect, abuse, and now financial exploitation.
learn how you can join the fight to protect yourself and others by clicking the link below. 

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1o5io839flquxsjjtlmed-jqdjawhkaam/view









a word of caution

it seems these days, scammers are everywhere!  as hard as you try to be vigilant against being scammed, there seems to be a new and improved scam every day that can blur the lines between legitimacy and fraud.  here are just a few tips to help keep your money safe.


use extreme caution when searching the internet for a customer service phone number.  there are fraudulent links that will give you a phone number for whatever business you are looking for, but it could potentially be sending you directly to a scammer.  the best place to get a phone number is off your regular billing statement or other written communication directly from the legitimate business.



never disclose user ids or passwords.



never download an app to your phone to allow “your customer service agent” to see what you see on your phone.  once a scammer has control, they can modify your other apps that could potentially cost you thousands of dollars.



if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is!


if you think you’ve been scammed and your money is at risk, please give us a call so that we can help!


do you know how to spot a scam?
every year thousands of people like you lose money to phishing. if a hacker were pretending to be your bank, would you be able to tell? click here or the button below to take the banks never ask that quiz to see if you can outsmart a scammer and learn what red flags to look for!
  quiz






commercial accounts 
whether you're looking for a new deposit account or loan, we've got the answers to your financial questions. find out more.


online trust services 
trust, investment, retirement, estate planning & more. already a trust department customer? log in to your account, or get more info first.





as best stated by benjamin franklin, "an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure." this quote rings very true pertaining to the protection of your personal and banking information. be in-the-know and don't be a victim!
read about popular scams in this publication by the fdic consumer news. the goal of fdic consumer news is to deliver timely, reliable and innovative tips and information about financial matters, free of charge. to find current and past issues, visit www.fdic.gov/consumernews.



anytime banking
mobile banking allows you to check your balance, make transfers between accounts, and receive account alerts. enroll today.














bank history

community





                © 
                . first & peoples bank. 
              

                member fdic  equal housing lender 











