





 










luxury yacht charter vacation | private bareboat & crewed charters
















































 














 















welcome back
sign in to your account




username 



password 

forgot your password?




 remember me
							









by continuing, you agree to our terms of service, and privacy policy
don't have an account? sign up





welcome
create an account to get started





							username *





							first name *





							last name *





							email *





















by continuing, you agree to our terms of service, and privacy policy
already have an account? log in





reset password
enter your username or email to reset your password.




username or email 












remembered your password? log in





reset password




new password 













remembered your password? log in


 






submit favorites
once you submit your favorites, we will begin the process of matching you with your perfect yacht.



phone number 



street address 



city 



state/province 



postal/zip code 



country 



comments 









submit my favorites


we will be in touch shortly with more information. in the meantime, you can continue to add or remove selections.
search bareboat yachts
search crewed yachts


not ready just yet? manage favorites
all done for now? log out















(207) 882-7855							



								contact us
							

sign up | log in


request info





 menu    



bareboat chartersbareboat chartersbareboat yacht searchbareboat companieswhy book a bareboat charter with us?am i qualified to charter a bareboat?bareboat specialscrewed charterscrewed charterscrewed yacht searchcruise ship vs. private yacht chartercharters by occasionfamilyhoneymoonadventuregourmetwhy book a crewed charter with us?crewed specialsgratuitymegayachtsmegayachtsmegayacht searchguidelinescharter destinationscharter destinationscaribbeanbahamasnassau – exumasabacosvirgin islandsusvibvispanish virgin islandsleeward islandsst. martinantiguaguadeloupewindwards – grenadinesst. vincent and the grenadinesgrenadast. luciamartiniquecentral americabelizemediterraneangreececycladesioniandodecanesecroatiasplitdubrovnikitalywest coastsardiniasicilyfrancefrench rivieracorsicaspainbalearicsturkeysouth pacificfrench polynesiaaustraliawhitsundaynorth americanew englandasiathailandphuketmalaysialangkawiindian oceanseychellesabout usabout usadvantagesplan your chartercharter societiesaycacybablogresourcestravel insurance for yacht charters3 ways to charter a yachtfirst time charterersimport restrictionspassport requirementsbvi fishing licensebvi ferry schedulelearn to sailscuba divingcaribbean weddingsexternal resourcescontact uscontact usrequest boat infogive feedback 



















charter type


crewed
bareboat
megayacht




sail power


boat type
catamarans-sail
monohulls-sail
motoryachts
power catamarans


boat type
catamarans-sail
monohulls-sail
motoryachts
power catamarans


boat type
sailing yacht
motoryacht




destination


destination
destination
caribbean
							
bahamas
									
nassau - exumas
abacos
virgin islands
									
bvi
usvi
spanish virgin islands
leeward islands
									
st. martin
antigua
guadeloupe
windwards - grenadines
									
st. vincent
grenada
st. lucia
martinique
central america
									
belize
mediterranean
							
greece
									
cyclades
ionian
dodecanese
croatia
									
split
dubrovnik
italy
									
west coast
sardinia
sicily
france
									
french riviera
corsica
spain
									
balearics
turkey
south pacific
							
french polynesia
australia
									
whitsundays
north america
							
new england
asia
							
thailand
									
phuket
malaysia
									
langkawi
indian ocean
							
seychelles





number of guests


2 guests
3 guests
4 guests
5 guests
6 guests
7 guests
8 guests
9 guests
10 guests
11 guests
12+ guests




search 

 
 






bareboat



crewed



megayacht













			book a luxury yacht charter vacation		


				at a time when sound advice is priceless... ours is free.			

let us help you navigate the many choices in bareboats, companies, private crewed yachts, and destinations worldwide for a yacht charter vacation of a lifetime. take advantage of our first-class charter industry reputation and team of brokers with over 50 years of charter experience offering independent advice and first-hand knowledge of how boats, companies and destinations compare with no extra cost for booking through us.

get started






north america
atlantic ocean
yacht charters in north america offer something for everyone. experience quaint fishing villages and beautiful remote islands along the coast of new england from rhode island to maine.



caribbean
caribbean sea
from the bahamas to the us and british virgin islands to the leewards of st. martin, antigua and guadeloupe to the windwards of martinique, st. lucia, st. vincent & the grenadines and grenada over to belize, the cruising grounds in the caribbean are the most popular yacht charter vacation destinations, known for spectacular weather, warm waters, and an endless supply of unique islands and beaches to explore. 



indian ocean
indian ocean
fringed with sparkling clear waters, the seychelles and maldives in the indian ocean boast stunning white sand beaches, beautiful topography, unique culture and some of the best diving in the world. 




mediterranean
the mediterranean sea
western mediterranean countries including spain, france and italy are well-developed in terms of yacht charter, while eastern mediterranean countries such as greece, croatia and turkey continue to grow in popularity for charter yachts of all kinds.



south pacific
pacific ocean
tahiti, tonga, fiji, and beyond! the world is your oyster when you're enjoying a chartered yacht in the south pacific. the best time of year to explore your exotic vacation here is may through september.



asia

explore the exotic islands of thailand, maylasia and sri lanka rich with beautiful topography, unique culture and some of the best diving in the world.









bareboat
with no timetable, no crew, and an endless supply of beaches, coves and unique islands and coastlines to visit, a power or sailing bareboat charter represents the perfect private get away vacation. you be the captain or add a freelance skipper with local cruising area knowledge and embark on an unforgettable adventure on the water.



crewed
enjoy being catered to on a private crewed yacht with a captain and chef who help plan the best itinerary and menus that satisfy everyone in your group. typically all inclusive so all you have to worry about is making memories.



megayacht
experience the ultimate yacht charter vacation and relax in the lap of luxury on an exquisite megayacht. these sail and power yachts over 90' are equipped with a highly professional captain and crew who will tend to your every need and coordinate the most amazing adventures.





arranging yacht charter vacations since 1982


				ed hamilton & co has become one of the largest and most respected yacht charter brokerages in the industry, selling more caribbean charters than any independent broker worldwide.

there is no other brokerage that can claim to have more charter experience.

learn more












bareboat charters

bareboat yacht search
bareboat companies
why book a bareboat charter with us?
am i qualified to charter a bareboat?
bareboat specials


crewed charters

crewed yacht search
cruise ship vs. private yacht charter
charters by occasion
why book a crewed charter with us?
crewed specials


megayachts

megayacht search
guidelines


charter destinations

caribbean
mediterranean
south pacific
north america
asia
indian ocean


about us

advantages
plan your charter
charter societies
blog


contact us

request boat info
give feedback
 (207) 882-7855
 info@ed-hamilton.com


 





© 2025 ed hamilton & co. all rights reserved.



privacy policy
terms & conditions
sitemap

































 menu    



bareboat chartersbareboat chartersbareboat yacht searchbareboat companieswhy book a bareboat charter with us?am i qualified to charter a bareboat?bareboat specialscrewed charterscrewed charterscrewed yacht searchcruise ship vs. private yacht chartercharters by occasionfamilyhoneymoonadventuregourmetwhy book a crewed charter with us?crewed specialsgratuitymegayachtsmegayachtsmegayacht searchguidelinescharter destinationscharter destinationscaribbeanbahamasnassau – exumasabacosvirgin islandsusvibvispanish virgin islandsleeward islandsst. martinantiguaguadeloupewindwards – grenadinesst. vincent and the grenadinesgrenadast. luciamartiniquecentral americabelizemediterraneangreececycladesioniandodecanesecroatiasplitdubrovnikitalywest coastsardiniasicilyfrancefrench rivieracorsicaspainbalearicsturkeysouth pacificfrench polynesiaaustraliawhitsundaynorth americanew englandasiathailandphuketmalaysialangkawiindian oceanseychellesabout usabout usadvantagesplan your chartercharter societiesaycacybablogresourcestravel insurance for yacht charters3 ways to charter a yachtfirst time charterersimport restrictionspassport requirementsbvi fishing licensebvi ferry schedulelearn to sailscuba divingcaribbean weddingsexternal resourcescontact uscontact usrequest boat infogive feedback 



 



























this site uses cookies:  find out more.okay, thanks





