ï»¿



















the goldstein group | commercial real estate


















about
properties
retailers
management
team
contact





property search












retail. focused
the goldstein group currently represents numerous national, regional, and local retailers including numerous restaurants on an exclusive or preferred basis throughout new jersey and metropolitan new york. 






property listings
our team represents owners of freestanding buildings, strip centers, neighborhood centers, central business districts, and big box centers as well as mixed-use properties. 






history
the goldstein group was founded in 1986 with a retail focused dedication to providing retail real estate services to its broad customer base. from the very beginning, we put the best interests of our clients first.






investment sales
we work with high net worth individuals, partnerships, institutions, corporations and private investors seeking to sell or acquire a wide range of investments.






property management
incorporating years of experience, resources and expertise, goldstein management provides exceptional services to retail, office and industrial properties. 
									


















retail. focused

the goldstein group currently represents numerous national, regional, and local retailers including numerous restaurants on an exclusive or preferred basis throughout new jersey and metropolitan new york.














sf of retail space






retailers & restaurants






exclusive properties






sales associates








our services
our extensive market intelligence, combined with long standing relationships with both retailers and the brokerage community throughout new jersey & new york, allows us to achieve desired results.






landlord representation
our team represents owners of freestanding buildings, strip centers, neighborhood centers, central business districts, and big box centers as well as mixed-use properties.





tenant representation
we represent numerous national, regional and local retailers including numerous restaurants on an exclusive or preferred basis throughout new jersey and metropolitan new york.





property management
incorporating years of experience, resources and expertise, goldstein management provides exceptional services to retail, office and industrial properties. 










disposition
clients trust our business acumen, creativity and specialized skills. our primary goal is to reduce financial exposure as expeditiously as possible.





investment sales
we work with high net worth individuals, partnerships, institutions, corporations and private investors seeking to sell or acquire a wide range of investments.













featured properties





						to browse our full catalog of property listings, click here 










perth amboy, nj
365 convery boulevard









edison, nj
1125 inman avenue









fair lawn, nj
17-77 river rd









flanders, nj
293 route 206









wayne, nj
469 route 46 west









plainfield, nj
211-215 west front street









northvale, nj
269-273 livingston st









paramus, nj
695 route 17









tenant representation
are you a retailer or franchisee looking to expand? we can help.
to view our full catalog of tenants we're curently seeking sites for, click on the button below:
retail registry





















 



 incorporating years of experience, resources and expertise, goldstein management provides exceptional services to retail, office and industrial properties. 









meet our team







alan goldsteinchairman x113

















chuck lanyardpresidentx115

















neil goldsteinprincipalx112

















lew finkelsteinexecutive vice presidentx122

















cj
hutervice presidentx118

















mark handwerkerexecutive vice presidentx131

















john t. ostrowskivice presidentx121

















scott
milichvice presidentx139

















marc palestinavice presidentx149

















roy
paretsales associatex132

















alex
goldsteinsales associatex144

















tyler
geudersales associatex147
















						are you a licensed commercial real estate sales professional in nj or ny?
we're hiring! 










say hello! we look forward to speaking with you.









location:
							45 eisenhower drive, suite 246
							paramus, nj 07652

phone: (201) 703-9700
fax: (201) 703-9678















						proud member of:
                        











                    copyrights â© 2017 the goldstein group. all rights reserved.
all information is from sources deemed reliable and is submitted subject to errors, omissions, change of price, terms, rental, prior sale and withdrawal without notice.

website by: nj tech team

















