







municipal & private enterprise website design & development - planeteria media






















































   

 

our work

government
non-profit
private enterprise
portfolio


our services
about us
blog
get in touch
 







go











we’re the experts in 
all things digital



 empowering   communities

through   sustainable
  websites.











get in touch












our work







































                  featured projects
               









clackamas county, or
oregon city, or











butler county regional transit authority
hamilton, oh











house & robertson architects
culver city, ca











kendall jackson wines
santa rosa, ca










               what people are saying
            








the upgraded site is a huge improvement both for internal and external users. we really appreciated not only the result but the fact that you and your team were so flexible and responsive along the way. your team provided significant functionality improvements to simplify navigation, integrate google maps, offer interactive charts, improve the search function and create a mobile-friendly platform.                        
− mike lee, san diego county water authority






my organization recently worked with planeteria on a complete website redesign. the project was successful and easy from start to finish. planeteria reps were extremely responsive and delivered a great product to match my organization's unique needs. would highly recommend.                        
− austin hughes, lextran






you have done a phenomenal job with all the twists and turns of this project! i know it was tough with the timeline.                        
− craig yetsko,  township of northbrunswick, nj






at every step of the process, planeteria added value to our website redesign and development project. from the design phase to content organization, from development to terrific customer service and follow-up, the team was a pleasure to work with.                        
− justine kadziel, basin recreation









from the blog 










all aboard! trinity railway express launches new website
santa rosa, ca, release: september 21, 2023. for immediate release planeteria media is thrilled to announce the highly-anticipated launch of its brand-new website at trinityrailwayexpress.org. as the backbone of public transportation...
09/21/2023











exciting news: the city of vancouver, wa website launch!
santa rosa, ca, release: september 6, 2023. for immediate release welcome to the latest update from planeteria media! we are thrilled to announce the much-anticipated launch of the new city of...
09/06/2023











redesigning government websites: best practices for enhancing user experience
government websites are the digital gateway to essential public services and information. ensuring that they are user-friendly, accessible, and efficient is paramount to serving the needs of citizens effectively. redesigning...
08/14/2023











the role of government websites in promoting transparency and accountability
in our rapidly evolving digital age, government websites have become much more than just static pages displaying information. they have evolved into powerful tools for promoting transparency, accountability, and citizen...
07/12/2023











st. hope public schools: empowering education for a brighter tomorrow
santa rosa, ca, release: june 20, 2023. for immediate release we are thrilled to announce the highly-anticipated launch of st. hope public schools' brand-new website! this project marks a significant milestone...
06/20/2023











experience the new city of sebastopol website
santa rosa, ca, release: june 22, 2023. for immediate release we are thrilled to announce the launch of the city of sebastopol's new website! with a refreshed visual design and an...
06/19/2023














more






























get in touch








support




© copyright - planeteria media |  privacy 









































