






ochlockonee bay realty | 850-984-0001 | crawfordville real estate| crawfordville homes| wakulla homes































1-850-926-9260















home
rentals
staff
links
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 











ochlockonee bay realty 
crawfordville real estate wakulla county real estate 

learn more










quick search










ochlockonee bay realty
what we do

we are the oldest crawfordville real estate company in the ocklockonee bay area. our experienced associates offer expert advice to help you fulfill all of your wakulla real estate needs. we are located in the big bend area of north florida within the coastal community of ochlockonee bay to serve you in finding wakulla property, crawfordville homes, woodville real estate, panacea real estate, sopchoppy property, st. marks florida homes, spring creek homes, shell point real estate, ochlockonee bay homes, alligator point vacation rentals, and carabelle property. we also serve st. teresa, bald point, east point, lanark village, st. george island, quincy, havana, wacissa, lloyd, tallahasse, and monticello.





the staffour experienced associates offer expert advice to help you fulfill all of your wakulla real estate needs.
learn more



home searchin addition to serving the crawfordville real estate needs of these communities. ochlockonee bay realty also specializes in the residential needs of customers throughout the north florida area.
learn more



beach rentalsochlockonee bay realty also manages a large selection of alligator point vacation rental homes for your enjoyment.
learn more







testimonial
“marsha and the team are great! they have helped me on several occasions with buying and selling. they know know their stuff. i’ve never been led the wrong way. i’ll keep using there services. thank you marsha!”

ian tuttle







we are proud members of:


























































get in touch





  



 
ochlockonee bay office2851 crawfordville hwycrawfordville, fl 32327850-926-9260fax: (850) 926-9150
 



 










facebook




x


powered by the dreamers web 




















