







home | harmony animal hospital

































skip to main navigation
skip to main content
access



menu
contact




home

services

wellness care
puppy and kitten care
senior pet care
acupuncture
behavior training & nutrition
boarding & grooming
laser therapy
pet dermatology
emergency & critical care
end-of-life care
exotic pet care
in-house laboratory
internal medicine
dental care
pain management
veterinary diagnostics
veterinary surgery



resources



links



about us

veterinarians & staff
hospital tour
news & events


employment application



blog


pet portal


online store


emergencies

contact us


 






harmony animal hospital





phone:  (561) 746-5501 (phone/text)


address:  1401 w. indiantown rd, jupiter, fl 33458 


email:  hospital hours





find us on facebook


follow us on instagram








learn more about cat friendly practices



learn more about fear free





















                                emergencies                        
                            







                                online store                         
                            







                                pet portal login
                            







                                hospital tour                        
                            









it's all here: harmony animal hospital serves jupiter, palm beach gardens and surrounding areas



harmony animal hospital offers award-winning veterinary care for all of your companion animals: from dogs and cats to birds, reptiles, and pocket pets. comprehensive care includes veterinary medicine, surgery, pet health and wellness care, and other resources designed to support pet owners – it’s all here!






our clients say it best

                            “your front desk staff is fabulous! they made me feel like lola and i were the best duo in town. the service was very good and they completed it in record time.”
                            
— elyse rose-trupiano


                            “great facility and feel very comfortable leaving sam (our bengal cat) there. highly recommend to anyone who wants their loved pet in capable and pet friendly hands!”
                            
— michael & ellen rierson


                            “we’ve loved you guys for 12 years!”
                            
— bob olson







certified quality care
we are certified cat friendly practice and fear free, providing excellent pet care with an emphasis on individual attention, client education, and a commitment to our community and the welfare of its animals. 


learn more about fear free



learn more about cat friendly practices







why harmony?
harmony represents three related concepts in serving our patients and their owners:





balance
our full-service animal hospital addresses every aspect of your pet’s health and well-being.







compatibility
our team employs a unified approach, working together with you to create a personal plan for your pet’s care.







empathy
consistent, compassionate care focused on the needs and desires of our pet patients and their families.








harmony animal hospital offers the perfect blend of experience, skill, and convenience, combined with a personal touch.











map & directions

 





contact harmony animal hospital:


address: 1401 w. indiantown rd, jupiter, fl 33458 


phone/text: (561) 746-5501 


fax: (561) 746-6114                    


email: fetch@petvets.com 



hospital hours:

monday – friday: 7:30 a.m. – 6 p.m.
                    
saturday: 8 a.m. – 2 p.m.
                





the materials offered on this website are intended for educational purposes only. harmony animal hospital does not provide veterinary medical services or guidance via the internet. please consult your pets’ veterinarian in matters regarding the care of your animals. you can view our privacy policy here.
copyright © 2025 harmony animal hospital. all rights reserved. veterinary website by beyond indigo pets®.




 


















