









venice private tours | walks inside venice - on foot & by boat



































































travel agents’ special
contact
feedback
links
info@walksinsidevenice.com 


venice private tours

venice for beginners
lagoon & islands
kids
discoveries
art & history
contemporary
photo
hands-on activities
gourmet & lifestyle
connoisseurs & shopping
venice at a slower pace
verona, vicenza, dolomites & more…


concierge services
events
italy tours
who we are
our team
news
videos





menu


menu

 







venice for beginners
lagoon & islands
private events
kids & family
verona, vicenza, dolomites
& more
concierge services
art & history
photo tours
gourmet & wine
hands-on experiences
discoveries
modern art
connoisseurs
lifestyle & shopping
florence rome milan & more
venice at a slower pace

what we offer




private tours

on foot & by boat,
with the expertise
of an insider guide,
venice will unfold in front
of your eyes in all her unique
beauty and legendary history.


custom services

if you’re not great walkers
or if you don’t have
much time,
we suggest you to use
our private water-taxi services
and professional assistants. 


events

let us know what you’d like
for your friends, family,
working team or guests,
we’ll give you a hand:
our experience and
creativeness is at your service! 




news from venice
high tidejust for one daywhat news from san marco? good news...vittore carpaccio’s exhibit

history
link a: venice grand tourgrand tour



just one or two days in venice?
with our grand tour, you’ll see
st mark’s square, the basilica,
one of the best
murano glass factories,
the grand canal
and the rialto bridge.



canals
link a: 500 years of venetian paintingpainting



the accademia galleries
 is the greatest collection of
 venetian painting in the world.
 recently restyled,
 it offers a complete survey:
 paolo veneziano, bellini,
 carpaccio, titian, tintoretto.




lagoon
guggenheim



peggy guggenheim
lived in venice for 30 years
and left her art collection
to the city she loved.
her home, ca’ venier dei leoni,
on the grand canal, is an
attractive modern art museum.



the
biennale
ghetto
events





finding perfect venues
for your dinners in venice.
planning
team building activities:
treasure hunts,
evening with music, dances,
masquerade balls.



murano
slower pace





our expertise as city guides
 and venetian residents
 at the service of those that
 don’t feel like walking too much,
 and prefer to savor what venice
 has to offer in terms of art, history,
 gourmet experiences and
 sophisticated shopping.



fingerfood
plague
tintoretto
music
chocolate
women
kids
venetians
artisans


venice private tours – walks inside venice
walks inside venice proposes to independent travelers, travel agents & tour operators a wide variety of classic and unusual tours and experiences to all sites of interest in venice, its lagoon, & the veneto region.
guided visits to all museums, churches & palaces, art & history walks through the six venetian neighborhoods, private boat rides, excursions to murano, burano & torcello, day trips to padua, treviso, vicenza, verona, etc.


we also provide thematic itineraries focusing on art, architecture, music, contemporary art venues, jewish heritage, artisans’ ateliers, murano glass studios, wine and food, women in venice, temporary exhibits, the plague, the lagoon, and more.




our 20-year-long experience suggested us to include a selection of private tours designed for families with children and teen-ager kids, slower-paced people and senior citizens, persons that simply prefer not to rush and enjoy relaxing.
venice private tours – walks inside venice  also showcases a new section of custom events & team-building activities varying from cooking classes to cocktails or dinners in private palaces and gardens, masks & mosaic making courses, wine tastings, treasure-hunting, and the like.

walks inside venice &
walks inside italy can also design for you fully customized 3-or-4-day escapes to savor our smaller towns, their artistic & cultural heritage, their naturalistic attractions, their territorial food, wines, and recipes.
we can also take care of planning your arrivals and departures, assisting you with private transfers and english-speaking escort services.
our guides are local people, all of them long-experienced professionals, and flawless english-speakers.


   

 walks inside italy

san polo 1541 30125 venice, italy
c.f. e p. iva 04331170276
prot. 2016/16140 del 25-2-2016
polizza europ assistance 8957877


 art city walks

affiliato al network gruppo info vacanze di walks inside italy snc
sede legale: san polo, 1541
30125 venice, italy
sede operativa: via volta n.13
30020 marcon (ve), italy
tel 041 2750687 – fax 041 5956807








© copyright 2021 - walks inside venice 
venice private tours
search by topic
who we are
news
links
contact







scorrere verso l’alto

this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept privacy policyprivacy & cookies policy




chiudi






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

sempre abilitato




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
cookieduratadescrizioneyscsessionthis cookies is set by youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos. 






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookieduratadescrizione_ga2 yearsthis cookie is installed by google analytics. the cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors. 






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
cookieduratadescrizionefr3 monthsthe cookie is set by facebook to show relevant advertisments to the users and measure and improve the advertisements. the cookie also tracks the behavior of the user across the web on sites that have facebook pixel or facebook social plugin.ide1 year 24 daysused by google doubleclick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. this is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.test_cookie15 minutesthis cookie is set by doubleclick.net. the purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.visitor_info1_live5 months 27 daysthis cookie is set by youtube. used to track the information of the embedded youtube videos on a website._fbp3 monthsthis cookie is set by facebook to deliver advertisement when they are on facebook or a digital platform powered by facebook advertising after visiting this website. 






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
cookieduratadescrizioneconsent16 years 7 months 12 days 5 hours 4 minutesno descriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-functional1 yearthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others1 yearno description_ga_e40y0d5hs32 yearsno description 












accetta e salva


powered by 





































