





cohen asset – cohen asset management





















































skip to content








 








menu 





          


























investing in functional, high quality, well-located industrial and logistics real estatetransactional history:$5.5b+ of transactions | 55+ million  square feet | 500+ buildings 
banner 7banner 7 



 
















who we are 











cohen asset management, inc. is a premier private real estate investment firm that is headquartered in southern california with regional offices in phoenix, dallas-fort worth and northern new jersey. we have an established history as a prominent and active owner-operator spanning several decades with a singular focus on the industrial and logistics sector, including fulfillment, warehouse and distribution centers, manufacturing facilities, and infill/last mile properties aimed at providing solutions for the growing 21st century logistics-dependent economy and global supply chain. our multi-disciplinary team of dedicated and seasoned real estate professionals creates value for our investors and our tenants by establishing mutually rewarding relationships within the real estate community and by taking a proactive, hands-on approach to all our investments. we take great pride in our excellent reputation as a responsive landlord, a savvy investor, and a great partner. 






learn more about our company






















investing withcohen asset management 











									

our firm focuses on a cash flow driven investment approach not reliant solely on leverage or inflation-related appreciation to achieve targeted returns. we seek to identify and acquire low and moderate risk institutional quality properties with embedded growth opportunities where value can be added to each investment through proactive asset management. we have built an organization that has the infrastructure and industry-leading systems to deliver the highest level of reporting and service to our investors while accommodating growth, and it is this commitment that allows us to continue attracting new investors while at the same time expanding our asset base.								






learn more about our investment approach




















our valued broker relationships 











we could not have attained our success without the hard work and high standards of the brokers we work with, and the relationships we have built within the brokerage community. we appreciate your trust in cohen asset management and we are committed to being the best commercial real estate partner to work with. 






view our acquisition criteria









 





















© 2025 cohen asset management, inc.    |   all rights reserved.   |   privacy policy   |   terms of use 







developed by pak-digital
 



















© 2025 cohen asset management, inc.   all rights reserved.  



privacy policy   |   terms of use 







developed by pak-digital
 










   






 












our company

history & culture
leaders & advisors
cohen cares


investors

investor portal
investing with cohen asset management
1031 exchange
secure email


brokers

acquisition criteria
target markets


customers
news & media
contact us

get in touch
careers


 








































