









analyze now












analyze now! 
retirement planning for a more
  prosperous future 
retirement computer programs-free, retirement planning
  programs-free, retirement planner-free, 
      social
  security planner-free, budgeting planner-free,  roth iras, , annuities, and more.




 



 



about analyze now




author




media comments




 
what's new




 
ask bud
    about




 
helpful
    articles




 
retirement
    books




 
computer programs
 
non-computer
pencil
    & paper planning 




 
simple financial tools
promise better retirement
 
frequently asked questions
 
disclaimer
 
 







 




 







the following message was
requested by mr. hebeler to be added to the web page upon his death:
 
mr. hebeler,
author of this website, died on august 21, 2017.  consequently the “personal help” tab has been
removed from the web page.   he has
expressed his wish that while the site is still up readers advise their
friends, associates and relatives to see if the articles and free programs may
be useful to them.  over the many years
the site has existed, it has helped millions of people with their retirement
planning as have the hundreds of articles he has written for the wall street
journal and other publications, many of which are on the site.  he appreciated the numerous thank you notes
for the site's materials--his only compensation since neither he nor any of his
helpers benefit financially from the effort. 
he is very grateful for all of the assistance larry griffone
provided not just as a volunteer web master, but also as a helpful critic.  may your own planning diligence lead to a
successful and prosperous retirement.


    going forward analyzenow will be maintained by newretirement
    where bud was an advisor and contributor.
  

    newretirement offers two powerful tools
    a quick retirement calculator and
    the best retirement planning tool available on the internet.
    the information you enter reflects you, your current situation, your goals for retirement.
    it shows you the many different ways you can achieve those goals.
  

 
click on items of interest in left frame
 
 
the mission of analyze now is
to disseminate inexpensive retirement planning tools to educate the user about
the realities of retirement planning.
 
analyze now does not sell or
promote any securities.  it has articles by mr. hebeler,
many of which were published by the wall street journal.  it also has some
of the best and most comprehensive retirement planning programs
available.  they are now all free. 
 
see the numerous helpful articles about various aspects
of retirement planning and crucial retirement decisions.  or see answers
to questions people ask bud about most often.
 
try our computer programs if you have
excel on your computer.  these are not dumbed-down programs designed to
sell products. they address key current issues, particularly those on social
security and the decision whether to take a lump-sum or a pension or buy an
annuity.
 
thinking about how much you
should save for retirement, or if retired, how much you can spend this
year?  download our pre and
post retirement planner computer program that does not have the many misleading
elements of overly simplified planners you find on most web sites.
 
 
 simple
financial tools promise better retirement
 
 



