





chris and emilie - early retirement slow travel








         chris and emilie 
      

     the next adventure begins
      




early retirement slow travel.


about us
current trip
projects
all posts






latest post









cost of living in kuala lumpur, malaysia for slow travelers
kuala lumpur, malaysia is often said to be a city with affordable luxuries. but what are the prices actually like here? and how affordable is it if you're spending time here as a slow traveler or digital nomad? chris and i are spending a month in this amazing city. this video is all about the cost of living we noticed here as slow travelers, including the cost of food and groceries, rent and accommodations, public transportation and ride-hailing, health care, and products for daily living like clothing and electronics.  check out our blog post for what we did, where we stayed, and how much we spent.
	


feature video









why we chose slow long-term travel instead of a permanent expat move
when we first started our early retirement, we thought we wanted to travel full-time and maybe even take up residence in a new country as expats. but as we thought about it more, we realized that's not exactly what we wanted. we still wanted to travel long-term, but we didn't want to give up our residency in our home country. this video is all about how we balance our long-term travels while maintaining our home country residency in canada.
	




projects & products







microcamper projects









travel & diy products









slow travel guide






slow travel adventures



latin america
our travels through mexico city, panama city, ecuador and the galapagos, peru, including the inca and salkantay trails and the amazon jungle, argentina, and uruguay.



athens, greece
spending a month in athens, with trips to the acropolis, the meteora rocks, and the temple of poseidon.



hiking tongariro crossing, new zealand
our hike through the tongariro crossing and other adventures in new zealand.





popular posts



christmas in taiwan
climbing yushan and touring around taipei.



road trip through australia
sydney and melbourne, camping and hiking in the red center, and snorkeling on the great barrier reef.



canadian roadtrip
driving across canada and back.




greece and italy
4 months of unconventional travel through ontario, quebec, greece, and italy.



pacific roadtrip
road trip through arches national park, the grand canyon, temecula, and the pacific northwest.



more
unconventional travel ideas and creative diy projects.





