









undergraduate research & scholarships – university california, berkeley































































  skip to content
 





uc berkeley
letters & science

 











search terms  





search terms 


 search


 












  skip to content
 





uc berkeley

 







search terms  





search terms 


 search


 















undergraduate research & scholarships 















homeprograms

undergraduate research apprentice program (urap)summer undergraduate research fellowships (surf l&s)rose hillshaas scholarsstronach prizeucdcours national scholarshipsdiscovery database
student led initiatives

ours peer advisorsunderrepresented researchers of color (uroc)berkeley scientificberkeley undergraduate journal
people

ours staffstudent employees
eventsnewsresourcescontact




















ours expands student access to research, scholarships, mentorship, and experiential learning opportunities 












 







the mission of ours is to integrate undergraduates into the research life of uc berkeley and to promote the pursuit of both experiential learning opportunities and nationally competitive scholarships through an array of programs, workshops, and impactful advising. 



















 


						join our mailing list					














 


						discovery opportunities database					


















 


						eligible for ours programs?					














 


						donate to ours					










 











ours programs 


















						urap					

						undergraduate research apprentice program					

















						surf					

						summer undergraduate research fellowship					

















						haas scholars					

						a senior capstone experience for all majors					

















						stronach prize					

						the judith lee stronach baccalaureate prize					





















						ucdc					

						the uc washington program					

















						ours national scholarships					

















						uroc					

						underrepresented researchers of color					

















						research opportunities					














spotlight 











ours recipients 




















kameswari “kamu” potharaju
social and environmental influences on diabetes management for low-income san franciscans


                surf fellows                 










brendon mcnicholas
electrochemical characterization of first-row transition metal corrole complexes for use as oxygen reduction catalysts


                haas scholars                 











carolyn dunlap
degenerative retinal disease research


                urap researchers                 










sally littlefield
teenaged female sexuality in american film, 1980 - 2010


                surf fellows                 


















featured news 












meet michael from ucdc! ours student spotlight
jan 18 2025

michael plancarte (he/him) | legal studies, public policy | spring ‘25 michael interned with the white house office of science and technology (ostp), where he researched and contributed to various projects regarding artificial intelligence (ai), ...










meet michael from urap! | ours student spotlight
jan 17 2025

michael brand (he/him) | environment economics & policy, legal studies | spring ‘27 for his urap apprenticeship, michael assessed the sustainability of the global subsea telecommunications network and the environmental impact of transoceanic internet cables. ...











meet adrian from surf! | ours student spotlight
dec 09 2024

adrian enrique caceres (he/him/el) | spring ‘25 | sociology adrian (he/him/el) is one of our surf l&s participants and is currently studying sociology. for his surf l&s project, he researched how formerly incarcerated students experience social ...










meet lark from surf l&s! | ours student spotlight
dec 06 2024

lark (they/them) | spring ‘25 | sociology and art practice lark (they/them) is one of our surf l&s participants and is currently double majoring in sociology and art practice. during their time in the program, ...




 












get in touch 



ours@berkeley.edu2422 dwinelle hallmail code #2940uc berkeleyberkeley, ca 94720-2940 



									connect with us on instagram 



dwinelle hall location at uc berkeley  







 











 







directions 



2422 is on level b of dwinelle hall, same as the ishi court level.access from the east door across from durant hall: go down the stairs facing the door one floor, until you’re at the ishi court level. take a right.access from the main entrance of the classroom wing (entrance facing dwinelle plaza): go right, and follow the hallway until you’re in the office wing. as soon as you’re in the office wing, look for the stairs with orange doors on your left. go down two floors until you’re at the ishi court level.access from the north (door facing vlsb and moffitt) and for disabled access: take a left and follow the hall around until you get to 2422. 















 






youtube





calendar-alt





twitter





facebook





instagram





medium



 







departments 






berkeley home




college of letters & science




undergraduate interdisciplinary studies











information 






accessibility




nondiscrimination





 
privacy












 












									copyright © 2025 uc regents; all rights reserved								







site by david murray 


























