






 
home - help











































































 

























skip to content



(310) 533-1996forms & toolsvideo classesdonate


help
helping elders live productively is a free education, counseling and referral resource for seniors and their families to help them make informed decisions to live their best lives.

aboutevents board of directors chairman’s circle staff newsmemorials grants community partners  our history our donors volunteers financial information  health educationdrug interactions my health caregiving tools taking charge  legal informationstaying in charge legal tools government benefits  financial literacyplanning tools consumer protection support tools  publicationsyour way h.e.l.p. is here community resource directory  

search:




search






 
aboutevents board of directors chairman’s circle staff newsmemorials grants community partners  our history our donors volunteers financial information  health educationdrug interactions my health caregiving tools taking charge  legal informationstaying in charge legal tools government benefits  financial literacyplanning tools consumer protection support tools  publicationsyour way h.e.l.p. is here community resource directory  








helping elders live productively


get the answers you need to live your best life.
h.e.l.p. supports seniors with free services, provided with care.


forms + tools


                      



engage  program








stay connected even if you are no longer able to socialize, shop, or travel with a weekly, friendly phone call and household services.


support programfamily caregiving support program







find support and answers throughout your caregiving journey.


caregiving toolsbohannon community education program







stay educated! cut through the noise of mass information, with trustworthy and unbiased solutions through classes, workshops, referrals and our ‘listen, then help” counseling hotline.


education programlegal advisory program







be empowered! keep abreast of changing laws, scams, and public benefits, and our council who care network of professionals provides outreach, classes, consultations and planning tools.


legal toolscommunity partner feature


h.e.l.p. is very grateful to have received a generous 2022 grant from the mcmillen family foundation to enable our staff to stay focused on the important topic of alcohol and substance use among seniors.  this continues our valuable partnership with the foundation that began in 2017, with the growing awareness of the dangers of opioid use by seniors.


mcmillen family foundation grant











each year serving over 10,000 people with education and counseling





assisting over 300,000 visitors through h.e.l.p.’s internet resources annually





distributed over 14,000 financial literacy & educational publications to the publicthank you, sponsors


see our donors







 











 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 



  

 

 
 
 













 h.e.l.p.
23001 hawthorne blvd., suite 203 torrance, ca 90505 (310) 533- 1996.
healthcare & elder law programs corp., non-profit 501c3 #: 33-0658322.
 
© 2024 all rights reserved. | privacy, referrals and this website | webcare®


facebook page opens in new window
youtube page opens in new window 





go to top










































































