


































































about

faqs
who we are


authors
books

fiction
poetry
nonfiction


catalogs

spring 2025
fall 2024


 



















			soft skull press is an independent publisher of books that engage art, culture, and current events in new and radical ways. we want our books to offer a refuge from, an alternative to, and an argument against mainstream culture and mainstream thinking.		





new releases




































				subscribe to our newsletter for news & events from soft skull press.			










 





coming soon









































fiction

















































































				subscribe to our newsletter for news & events from soft skull press.			










 





nonfiction

























































				subscribe to our newsletter for news & events from soft skull press.			










 





poetry


















































about soft skull press the press began in 1992 in new york, when a student named sander hicks was working shifts at kinko’s. he started photocopying his writing, tape-binding it into books, and handing these out to his friends. in the twenty-five years since, we have published works by eileen myles, maggie nelson, noam chomsky, lydia millet, alain mabanckou, and many more. our books have been awarded numerous lambda literary awards as well as the quill award and the arthur c. clarke award for science fiction, and have been finalists for the believer book award and the pulitzer prize.

the photographer william eggleston once said that his work was “at war with the obvious.” in a tribute to soft skull author lynne tillman, colm tóibín borrowed eggleston’s phrase to describe her work. then again, lynne tillman has also said that one of her mantras is “do the obvious.” both seemingly opposite perspectives hold true, we think, for the books we want to publish.

we’d be very happy if you bought our books at your local independent bookstore. please follow us on twitter, facebook, and instagram and we’ll do our best to entertain you. sign up to our newsletter and you’ll receive a non-annoying frequency of emails about new books and fun events. thank you for reading!			
visit our other imprints at catapult book group
catapult
counterpoint press








about
about soft skull
distribution
rights & permissions
desk & exam copies



catapult | counterpoint | soft skull
												20 jay street #704						brooklyn, ny 11201						646.926.0805 | contact@catapult.co 


terms & policies
terms & conditions
privacy policy
newsletter









 







