



 



micro, teacup yorkie breeder & puppies for sale in texas | tinypuppy


































































menu




 



home
about us
happy tails
education

yorkie haircuts and hairstyles
buying puppies safely online!
dog rules


shipping
available puppies

yorkie
maltese
parti/biewer yorkies


sold
galleries
contact us


(361) 652-5674






micro & teacup yorkie puppies for sale


we specialize in raising healthy teacup yorkie (yorkshire terrier) puppies for sale!
~we are super happy that we are now able to offer financing~
 click here to see my available teacup puppies and prices.
june sale!  
any puppy delivered in june in the continental us will receive free flight delivery!
361-652-5674 
this teacup yorkie was born only minutes before this picture was taken.

thank you for your interest in one our teacup yorkie (yorkshire terrier) puppies for sale. all of my tiny puppies are family loved and raised by myself and by about 3 of my trusted friends that are family owned yorkshire terrier or teacup yorkie breeders and maltese breeders. we offer lots of love and care for them. they are up to date on all their shots and wormings and we give them a one year warranty against genetic diseases and provide them with a microchip and a veterinarian health certificate.
we raise our teacup yorkshire terrier (yorkie) puppies, that are sometimes referred to as teacup yorkie puppy, t-cup yorkie or micro yorkie, and maltese puppies in a very clean environment. they have a puppy nanny that gives them a bath once a week and bleaches their floor once a day, giving the clean beds and toys. i keep them safe in a play yard from babies r us. our teacup puppies have a lot of interaction with several different people too. my puppies are also potty pad trained. we also list puppies for our friends that are breeders of tiny parti yorkies, biewer yorkshire terrier al a pom pons, chocolate yorkies, golden yorkie puppies, micro yorkshire terriers, biewer yorkshire terrier al a pom pons and maltese.
we fly with our teacup puppies to personally hand deliver them, worldwide. from our hands to yours. they do not fly alone. we will meet you at your nearest major airport. your special little micro or teacup yorkie (yorkshire terrier) puppy is here waiting for you.
watch a video of a birthday surprise to evie!

click here to see my available teacup puppies and prices.










© 2025 tinypuppy | view sitemap


puppies may be reserved with a non-refundable 25% deposit. all puppies that are picked up at our place are sold with 8.25% sales tax. we do not charge sales tax for puppies that are shipped out of state.
po box 22 | point comfort, tx 77978 | p: 361-652-5674
 






homeabout ushappy tailseducation

yorkie haircuts and hairstylesbuying puppies safely online!dog rules back
shippingavailable puppies

yorkiemalteseparti/biewer yorkies back
soldgalleriescontact us

				× close panel			











 
