









utilicor technologies - the exclusive coring manufacturer and distributor




























































 


















            (+1) 416-391-3901        

            info@utilicor.ca        

            49 sheffield street toronto, ontario, canada m6m 3e5        


















 

about utilibond
see the process
parts catalogue






home
about us

about utilicor
our team
contact us
testimonials


keyhole technology

what is keyhole technology?
the keyhole process
benefits of keyhole
keyhole application


coring equipment

coring equipment overview
utc1870 self-propelled coring unit
series 500 heavy duty coring truck
md 300 coring truck
mpx-ss coring unit
minicor-3 coring attachment
mc-450 coring attachment
mtc100 – discontinued


parts

coring drums & center bits
parts and tools
accessories
core drum re-tipping
cold weather reinstatement system
diamond core bits


utilibond

what is utilibond
the solution for utility cuts
utilibond testing
utilibond data
utilibond additives
reinstatement process with utilibond


approvals

municipal keyhole approvals
core bond testing
reports & white papers


resources

articles
videos
coring tips
carbon footprint
picture gallery
banners and swag
product bulletins
faqs


where to buy
product info
 



 













operationally superior
keyhole coring equipment from utilicor












core
stability












core
orientation












core
manipulation




utilicor technologies
utilicor™ technologies inc. is the exclusive manufacturer and distributor of the field-proven, keyhole pavement coring and reinstatement system, used by major gas and other utilities, and their contractors, throughout the united states, canada, the united kingdom, ireland, france and australia.







		products and services
	
minicor-3 coring attachment



the minicor 3 skid steer coring attachment works on sidewalks or in other confined spaces where larger truck-mounted machines won’t fit. the minicor 3 works with all skid steer loaders with a rated operating capacity of 1550 lbs.









md-300 coring truck



utilicor technologies md-300 heavy duty multi directional coring unit is equipped with the travesacor™ core-zone extension system, that allows the core drill to extend 12″ out from the back of the truck and travel.









utc1870 self-propelled coring unit



the utc1870 is utilicor’s self-propelled coring solution. powered by a 23 hp efi engine, available with an optional dedicated trailer and controlled through a wireless remote, the compact size and easily maneuverable hydraulic drive tracks make coring smooth and easy.









rover coring unit – discontinued



utilicor produced the rover coring unit until 2022. the trailicor rover was the first towable, self-propelled, coring unit that could accurately core up-to 24-inch diameter cores in a matter of minutes. capable of being towed to the work site at highway speeds.









mc-450 coring attachment



the mc-450 minicor coring attachment fits skid steers as well as ditch witch sk 850, vermeer s800xt mini track loaders, or any other mini track loader with a minimum r.o.c. of 900 lbs.









series 500 heavy duty coring truck



the series 500 coring truck from utilicor technologies is the most robust coring truck available on the market today. used by dozens gas utilities and their contractors for over a decade, the series 500 allows.









mpx-ss coring unit



the mpx-ss multi platform coring unit is utilicor’s most flexible coring equipment. as its name suggests, it easily mounts on a variety of platforms: pickup trucks, flat deck trucks, service bodies or trailers.









mtc100 attachment – discontinued



discontinued in 2020 in favour of the mc450, the mtc100 coring attachment fit skid steers as well as ditch witch sk 850, vermeer s800xt mini track loaders, or any other mini track loader with a minimum r.o.c. of 900 lbs.












utilibond permanent
pavement bonding compound
utilibond™ is the only specially formulated and engineered bonding compound designed to be used for permanently reinstating pavement cores in asphalt and concrete roads, sidewalks and other paved surfaces.
a ready-to-use (just add water), fast-setting, high-strength waterproof bonding agent, utilibond™ is non-toxic and comes in two colors (aged asphalt and natural concrete).
utilibond™ was developed and field-proven over 10 years by the consumers gas company (now enbridge gas distribution), one of north america’s oldest and largest local gas distribution companies with over 1.5 million customers, as part of its innovative rotary coring and keyhole pavement reinstatement program.




contact us 
















get in touch

49 sheffield street toronto, ontario, canada m6m 3e5888-572-6666,   416-391-3901info@utilicor.ca 
 


services 

about


approvals


keyhole technology
                            


resources
                            


 



discover



                                products
                            



                                applications
                            



                                parts service
                            



                                newsroom
                            


 











                        © utilicor technologies. all rights reserved. design by - techkriti group 


terms of use
privacy policy
 












whatsapp us












 





































