


asian basketball in the new york new jersey region
















2025
    30th annual 3on3
july 19-20
    & 26



2025
    30th annual 3on3
july 19-20
    & 26





january 23,
    2025
 headlines

limited spots
    available - register your team now
deadline
    is march 2nd or as soon as divisions are filled
get ready to dance!!!
    asianhoops.com,
    would like to invite your team to participate in the 2025 march
    badness basketball tournament to be held on saturday & sunday, march 15 & 16, 2025 at ramapo college, mahwah,
    nj and open gyms, oakland, nj
this tournament looks
    to bring asian basketball teams from the east coast together
    for a day of competitive basketball, friendships and fun.
march badness will look to feature (9) divisions
    of play: boys 10u, boys 12u, boys 14u, boys 16u, boys 18u, men's
    open, men's friendship, girls 18u and women's. all divisions
    will require a minimum of 4 teams and each division will have
    a maximum of 8 teams. this will allow for a smooth running event.
    each team is guaranteed to play in at least three (3) games in
    the tournament and those advancing into the playoffs or championships
    will possibly play 4-5 games.
teams interested in playing should
    contact me asap via email: rockits@asianhoops.com to inform me
    of your team's intentions of participating as only a limited
    number of spots are available in each division. you can also
    contact me at 917-687-5876 (denny lee - tournament organizer)
    for confirmation or questions.
for more information on how to
    sign up your team, please click here.
questions: denny lee, email me at rockits@asianhoops.com
 

 
asianhoops facebook 
a picture
    is worth a thousand words
want to see yourself hooping
    it up at the local chinatown parks or even at a tournament? just
    go to the asianhoops facebook page, where some of the best action
    photos have been uploaded and shared by photographer, bill bahlman.
    bill's been taking photos of ballers like you for numerous years.
    his latest pictures feature the teams and players from the recent
    asianhoops.com 3on3 blacktop battle. check it out and see if
    you've been clik'd.

results

    asianhoops.com
8th annual
    tip-off classic
sunday,
    december 15, 2024

 
husay
    jc, clifton city tigers & sipag 
    celebrate at 2024 tip off classic
 
12/16/24

it was another fabulous day of youth
    basketball at the 2024 asianhoops.com 8th tip off classic as
    40+ teams competed for championships in the boys 10u,12u,14u,16u,18u
    and girls 18u divisions. especially exciting was the introduction/return
    of teams to the tournament. newcomers included qli united and
    agila. making a return after a long absence were teams from sipag.
    teams from these highly acclaimed youth programs were all well
    represented: husay, clifton city, sipag, nj elite, lunar nyc,
    new york titans, new york rockits, q-li basketball, boston hurricanes
    and the philadelphia suns. thank you all - players, coaches,
    parents, and friends for your support of asianbasketball.
back to hoops. husay jc led the way by capturning four championships
    - boys 10u, 12u intermediate, 18u and the girls 18u divisions.
    next up, the clifton
    city tigers walked
    away with championships in the boys 12u advanced and 14u divisions.
    sipag
    captured the chip
    in the boys 16u division.
hope
    to see you all at march badness 2025



         

         



         

         





         





         

         





march 23, 2024 results
clifton
    city tigers & husay jc
    shine bright with 2 championships each
kids rule -
    march 23rd saw some of the brightest asian youth b-ballers compete
    for in the boys 10u, 12u, 14u and 16u divisions. two organizations
    stood out as they captured two championships apiece. the clifton
    city tigers were victorious in the boys 12u and 14u divisions;
    and husay jc captured the boys 10u and 16u divisions.
 
 
 
special thanks
    to all
    of the following organizations/teams for supporting asian basketball.

    hope to see you at the upcoming 29th annual 3on3 on july 20-21 + 27.
boston hurricanes,
    boston knights, bsany, cj kalahi, clifton city tigers, lunarnyc,
    md-ko, nj rockets, nybd, nyc elites, ny crossbearers, nyk spartans,
    ny rockits, ny titans, philadelphia suns, swish kabob, toronto.



         

         





         

         



march
    16, 2024 results
toronto,
    husay jc, 
    lunar nyc, lady rockits
    dance away with championships
 
march
    badness
    2024 started with a bang as numerous games came down to the final
    seconds and finished with a game winning buzzer beater - highlighted
    by the buzzer beating 3-pointer by usman rasool of toronto in the semifinal overtime
    victory over nybd sending them to the championship game and ultimately
    the men's open chip over the nyk spartans.


 
the men's friendship
    saw two teams that played each other in their opening preliminary
    game, but this time, it was husay jc who turned up the defense and defeated the philadelphia
    suns to capture the chip.
 
 
 
 



         

         



the boys 18u division
        saw two of the best teams from the metro nyc area as perennial
        contenders lunar nyc and husay jc battled it out with lunar nyc pulling away in the
        final minutes and the chip.

         the girls
        18u division saw four organizations from the nyc area - lunar
        nyc, bsa, ny rockits and nyc elites that proudly support ladies/girls
        asian basketball. the championship game pitted the lunar nyc
        lady warriors girls against the ny lady rockits girls in a game
        full highs and lows and lead changes. in the end, the lady rockits girls 18u team captured the chip.



lunar nyc & nyc
    elites 
    shine at 2023 tip off classic
12/9/23 - the 2023 tip
    off classic started out with a bang as the nyc elites
    claimed both divisions of play on the first day by capturing
    the men's open & boys 18u divisions. it was an exciting day
    of hoops as some of the best players on the asian basketball
    circuit were hooping it up by splashing threes and showcasing
    their skills.
12/10/23 - sundays youth
    divisions were dominated by lunar
    nyc capturing
    the boys 16u, boys 14u, girls 18u, and womens divisions. rounding
    out the champions of that day are the boys 12u champions - bsany and boys 10u champions - husay jc.
 
 
 
2023
    champions
men's open:
    nyc elites
boys
    18: nyc elites
boys
    16: lunar nyc
boys
    14: lunar nyc
boys
    12: bsany
boys
    10: husay jc

march
    badness 2023
toronto
    ragons come up on top 
    in stellar men's open division
ny
    basketball led by 
    lunar nyc, two bridges, ny rockits
    also victorious
husay
    jc and nj elite
    also chip worthy
in a stellar field of
    12 men's teams, the toronto dragons came away with a well deserved
    championship. teamwork and defense were front and center as veterans
    kenny and preston led the way.
new york basketball were
    well represented as teams from lunar nyc, two bridges, and the
    ny rockits also claimed championships over the weekend.
new jersey basketball
    didn't disappoint as powerhouse husay jc captured another chip.
    nj elite also proved tough to beat.
2023
    champions
men's
    open: toronto dragons
boys
    18: two bridges elites
boys
    15: husay jc
boys
    13: lunar nyc eclipse
boys
    11: nj elite
girls
    15: lunar nyc warriors girls
womens:
    ny lady rockits


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the
    evening was electric as over 450 alumni, friends and family members
    celebrated the 30th anniversary of the new york rockits athletes
    in action organization. early on, members welcomed new york knicks
    legend, john starks who dropped by to sign autographs and take
    pictures courtesy of founder, leo hirata. the evening continued
    on with special presentations to richard "quan" wong,
    denny lee and nyc sabres/ny falcons founder, tom law. throughout
    the evening, commemorative t-shirts were handed out to members
    and raffle prizes were offered to those lucky winners.
special thanks to all
    the sponsors, donators, contributors for their generosity. also,
    thanks to all the community organizations for attending and celebrating
    with us.
nice seeing everyone.
    see you all again in five years!!!
happy holidays,
denny, quan, kevin low,
    ken lee, nelson yu
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 



