








home - forces international







































 




 





 








 toggle navigation



home
news
content 

writers
scientific evidence portal 

active smoking
ethics
passive smoking (ets)
socio economics
taxation




rss feeds
about 

who we are
the constitution of forces international 

charters






search for:



 










welcome to the forces site!
powered by reason, driven by passion

who we are














forces was founded before the majority of households had personal computers. now we have smart phones, ipads and high speed internet service to the majority of people in the united states and europe. we have 24/7 – news cycles, facebook, twitter and google, we have truly entered the information age. thus we have decided to de-emphasize our focus on serving as a news feed while still working to bring about a new age of peaceful coexistence of smokers and nonsmokers.
there are now a good number of high quality and dependable newsletters, email lists, and blogs that produce new, reliable, and thought-provoking material on daily and weekly bases. our news page will largely serve to direct forces visitors to those resources while still featuring contributions from our own core group of writers. you can also continue to join us on facebook.
forces will be concentrating our efforts on bringing true free choice to the second quarter of our 21st century, a period where we’ll likely see a full acceptance of ventilation, air filtration and tolerance largely taking the place of today’s more unreasonable prohibitions. it’s now 2022, and over the next eight years we will lay the groundwork for that new generation and help move the world to a place where the rights of all people, smokers, nonsmokers, vapers and nonvapers alike, are considered and respected.
we still need your help and support to continue to keep the website open to all, with updates on the latest anti-smoking research. the anti-smoking establishment has a great deal of money to continue to spread their misinformation campaign and while all of us are volunteers we still need your donations. please be generous and donate now, your donations are tax deductible.







newssmokers news from all over the world 


 



 


australia 


								australia cans vs bottles							

crack. fizz. gulp. ahhhhhh. is there a drinking experience more classically australian than ripping the ring-pull off a beer?

"the visceral pleasure from that first crack of a beer can is identical to popping a champagne cork," says wine and drinks writer mike bennie. "there's also huge appeal in the tinnie's nostalgia factor."







 


e-cigarettes 


								south africa							

the control of tobacco products and electronic delivery systems bill (‘tobacco bill’), which is open for comment until 9 august 2018, imposes draconian new rules and restrictions on the sale and use of tobacco products, and controversially places electronic delivery systems (e-cigarettes or “vapes”) under harsh regulation.







 


e-cigarettes 


								milwaukee							

the milwaukee bucks will designate as non-smoking not only the new fiserv forum but also the entire 30-acre arena district. this ban includes e-cigarettes.



 



 


e-cigarettes 


								chicago							

with e-cigarettes now more popular among teens than traditional cigarettes, u.s. sen. dick durbin (d-il) has introduced legislation to crack down on flavorings in e-cigarettes and cigars.durbin believes companies are marketing towards kids with the use of flavoring such as cake batter, whipped cream and gummy bears.

“when the people who make these products, like juul, insist this is just for adults to quit smoking tobacco products, bologna, you wouldn’t be pedaling these flavors to adults,” durbin said.

another uninformed legislator.







 


vaping 


								juuling							

juul, the vaping sensation that dominates 70 percent of the us e-cigarette market, has tried to cultivate the image of decent corporate citizen that wants to play by the rules.  juul pledged to spend $30 million over the next three years on youth smoking prevention and to support tobacco 21.

juuling is not vaping, it is mostly nicotine and not the normal formula as other vaping devices.







 


vaping 


								vaping							

the news media and activists like to hype e-cigarettes and flavored tobacco products as a health hazard, but the reality is that e-cigarettes could help save smokers’ lives.

vaping can help you stop smoking tobacco, find a flavor you like and just try it.  worked for me and i had no trouble adjusting, never missed a cigarette. now no one knows that i still do something i enjoy!



 







 forces international is an international volunteer organization that fights against all types of prohibition.

 forces international ™ trademark, logo and original material copyright © 1995-2023 is property of forces international unless otherwise indicated. original forces material may be reprinted or used in any non-commercial form if proper credit is given to forces and original intent remains intact. all other material remains property of its creator/owner. all submissions to forces international may be subject to modification for clarity or brevity. all articles posted on forces international are the opinion of the writer and not of the organization. forces international (forces, inc.) does not endorse or take any direct or indirect responsibility for any of the products or services advertised on its pages. any and all responsibility and liability rests exclusively on the advertisers.

 


content
donations and help
home
news
rss feeds
the constitution of forces international
who we are

hestia | developed by themeisle 















