








catholic resources - felix just, s.j.









catholic resources
for
bible, liturgy, art, and theology




.



contents:
biblical resources
johannine literature
revelation & apocalyptic
the four evangelists
evangelists' symbols
biblical & religious art
biblical publishers
catholic lectionary
liturgy of the hours
roman catholic mass
church documents: bible
the both/and approach
ministry formation
ancient rome: images
holy land photos
holy land pilgrimages
impressions of italy
ancient blindness
jesuit links
reciprocal links
miscellaneous links
personal info & interests
my curriculum vitae
 courses taught
webmaster tools
contact info:
rev. felix just, s.j.
 lmu jesuit community
 1 lmu drive
 los angeles, ca 90045
phone: 310-963-4546
   email: fjust2000@yahoo.com
   
copyright info:
copyright © 1998--2024
by felix just, s.j.
  
 

st. ignatius of loyola,
 founder of the jesuit order
(painting by rev. michael tang)
 
please support
  this website
 by buying items through our

amazon links:
alive in the word 
little rock 
   scripture study 
new collegeville
 bible commentary
sacra pagina series 
six weeks with the bible
threshold bible study
what does the bible 
  say about...?
wisdom commentary
 
 


welcome!
this website contains a variety of materials, mostly related to biblical and liturgical studies,
  intended for scholars, teachers, students, pastors, believers, seekers, and others. 
 many pages contain my own writings and photos, some pages were created by my students, and some have links to other websites.
although i am a roman catholic priest and have taught mostly in catholic institutions,
  i hope these materials are academically reliable and pastorally adaptable,
 so they can be useful for many other christians and non-christians as well.
please feel free to use any of my own materials for your own study or teaching purposes,
  subject to the conditions listed on my copyright page.
 i hope you enjoy and benefit from these pages!
felix just, s.j., ph.d.


news:
given the current crisis in the middle east:
please consider supporting the christians living in the holy land in one of the following ways:

purchase something from the holy land handicraft cooperative society(to help artisans in/near bethlehem)
 
donate to the latin patriarchate of jerusalem (to support catholic parishes, schools, and charitable services)
   
donate to catholic relief services or to caritas - jerusalem (to help many others suffering from the effects of the war) 

 
see my new page compiling all the texts mentioning
peace in the new testament 
 
the third sunday of ordinary time (jan. 26, 2025),
is now celebrated each year as the
"sunday of the word of god"
(click the link for more info)
 video series: https://catholic.bible/sunday-of-the-word-of-god/
  including my contribution: "who actually wrote the bible?"

   the u.s. bishops are promoting a "national eucharistic revival" in 2021-2024.
see my bibliography on the eucharist
 
  sept. 3, 2024 is the memorial of st. phoebe
see my article in la croix international:
"is phoebe a saint?"
 
  dec. 4, 2024 is the 61st anniversary of the
constitution on the sacred liturgy (sacrosanctum concilium)
from the second vatican council
see my page on vatican ii: background, documents, bibliography
 
2025 is the 1700th anniversary of the 
  council of nicea 
see my page on the creeds of the christian church 
    

2025 - gospel of st. luke 
throughout liturgical year 2025 (began dec. 1, 2024),
  the church uses the gospel according to luke in most sunday masses.
  here are some resources you may find helpful:
scripture readings from mark in the lectionary for mass
biblical resources on mark's gospel
  

downloadable audio programs:
(each with a study guide in pdf format)
free gift: click to receive three free sample talks by fr. felix just, s.j.

the new testament 101: catholic audio course & free study guide (36 topics)
the catholic lectionary 101: every catholic's guide for liturgy, prayer, and spiritual growth (18 topics)
what is faith? rediscover the biblical and catholic foundations for a life of faith (12 topics)
learning from jesus, our life’s teacher: a retreat with matthew’s gospel (12 conferences)
trusting in god amid the challenges of life: a retreat with mark’s gospel (12 conferences)
letting god’s spirit shape all our actions: a retreat with luke’s gospel (12 conferences)
believing in jesus and experiencing eternal life: a retreat with john’s gospel (15 conferences)
all authored by felix just, s.j., ph.d. – published by "learn 25" (formerly "now you know media")
free savings coupon
click to receive your new customer discount and join learn 25's mailing list
  


featured parts
  of this website:

  


electronic new testament educational resources - a collection of materials appropriate for beginning and advanced students, teachers, pastors, and others interested in the study of the bible.


the johannine literature web - a wide variety of original materials and links to support research and teaching of the fourth gospel and the letters of john.


biblical and religious art and music - several collections of online art works and music groups related to the bible (some on my website and some links to other sites); featuring copyright-free biblical woodcuts by gustave doré (1832-1883), christian symbols by rudolf koch (1876-1934), and illustrations of gospel stories (1593) by jerome nadal, s.j.


ancient rome: images and pictures and impressions of italy: cities, churches, art - several webpages of photos that i took in rome, ostia, naples, pompeii, assisi, florence, padua, pisa, ravenna, siena, spello, etc.


jesuit websites and resources - a list of several websites sponsored by or related to the society of jesus.


the roman catholic mass - an introduction to the "order of mass," with the full texts of all the parts spoken by the congregation, and some brief explanations to help you better understand and participate in the eucharistic liturgy of the church.


the roman catholic lectionary for mass - comprehensive tables comparing and analyzing several different editions of the lectionary.


the liturgy of the hours - tables listing all the psalms, canticles, and biblical readings contained in the four-week psalter and the rest of the liturgy of the hours.


online resources for ministry formation  - a collection of materials useful for the initial and/or ongoing formation of priests, deacons, and lay ecclesial ministers


resources for the study of religion and theology - a collection of introductory materials for understanding what religion and theology are, including overviews of the three main "western religions": judaism, christianity, and islam


resources for pilgrims to the holy land - a compilation of materials related to the people, history, and geography of israel/palestine


jesus bibliographies - a page of recommended books for the study of jesus in history, in the gospels, and in christian faith  - new!

bible-study / scripture-sharing resources - pages of recommended publications 
  
threshold bible study
six weeks with the bible
alive in the word 
sacra pagina series 
new collegeville bible commentary
what does the bible say about...? 
wisdom commentary series 
    



presentations given at the l.a. religious education congress - pdf handouts and powerpoint presentations from some past years
  


site-search:

you can search for anything on this website by typing in one or more keywords:







index
sitemap
advanced










 



search engine by
     freefind 





lectionary cycles:
2023 was liturgical year a, with sunday gospel readings mostly from matthew
2024 was liturgical year b, with sunday gospel readings mostly from mark
 2025 is liturgical year c, with sunday gospel readings mostly from  luke
the 2025 liturgical year began on the first sunday of advent, dec. 1, 2024
  christmas is wednesday, dec. 25, 2024
sunday of the word of god is jan. 26, 2025
lent begins on ash wednesday, march 5, 2025
easter sunday is april 20, 2025
pentecost sunday is june 8, 2025

on a personal note:
both of my parents died in 2016, and one of my brothers in 2017. 
   i'm grateful for your kind remembrances and your prayers for their eternal reward.
   i created some simple memorial pages so friends and family can remember them:
kurt wolfgang helmut just
(may 19, 1927 - june 19, 2016)
sigrid gisela renate just
(november 24, 1928 - november 7, 2016)
klemens thomas andreas just
(june 23, 1956 - april 18, 2017)


disclaimer:

the content of this website is solely the responsibility of rev. felix just, s.j., and does not necessarily represent the society of jesus or any other entity of the roman catholic church - although i hope that none of my own writings are contrary to the doctrines of faith and morals as proposed by the magisterium of the church or to the truths of god as contained in the holy scriptures. links provided from this website to other websites do not imply agreement or approval of anything on the other sites, but are provided mainly for purposes of academic research, ecumenical cooperation, and/or inter-religious dialogue.  nothing on this website is intended to give offense to any other persons, groups, nations, or institutions. please contact me if you feel otherwise.
  


programs:

my main ministry is providing
adult biblical education,
 faith-formation programs,
and biblical/spiritual retreats
for a wide variety of people,
   not only in southern california,
   but also throughout the usa and online.
i currently work full-time for the 
   archdiocese of los angeles,
   coordinating the
   theological and liturgical
   formation of deacons. 

   i'm also available
   to lead programs  
   on a wide variety of topics,
   in various lengths and formats: 
   evening talks, weekend 
   workshops, days of prayer,
   retreats, missions, etc.,
   for parishes, schools, dioceses,
   religious groups, and others.
please contact me
 to schedule future programs.
  

public presentations:
[more coming soon!]

   click here for a list of other
past presentations and events
 

biblical pilgrimages:
please contact me
   if you are interested
   in any of these future pilgrimages.
full-color brochure,
   with detailed itinerary:
   
april 3-15, 2025
in the footsteps of st. paul:
       pilgrimage to greece
click here for some
preparatory materials
  
april 12-26, 2026
in the footsteps of jesus:
     pilgrimage to the holy land
    
 april/may 2027
in the footsteps of paul:
     pilgrimage to rome & italy
  
april/may 2028
in the footsteps of jesus:
       pilgrimage to the holy land
    
april/may 2029
in the footsteps of paul:
pilgrimage to turkey




this website was started in october 1998 and last updated on 
   february 11, 2025

copyright © 1998--2024 by felix just, s.j., ph.d. 






 






