



career and college readiness curriculum | i can succeed






































skip to main content






close alert



need financial aid? schedule a fafsa session with an ican advisor.
ican is now accepting appointments to help the class of 2025, and current college students, complete the fafsa form. schedule an advising session today for assistance. we are here to help. schedule now.
 














en español


resource library





				menu
			


search website



about



programs & services


ican locations


newsroom


meet the ican team


board of directors


partnership program


support ican


contact ican





career planning



career training apprenticeship programs


career pathways in advanced manufacturing


certificate/diploma careers


careers in two-years


careers in four years


careers with graduate degrees


military career options


job shadows & internships


finding a job


employer expectations


career planning resources





college planning



academic planning


explore colleges


apply for college


campus life


graduate school


elementary


middle school


parents & guardians


adult learners


social media safety





financial aid



studentaid.gov account


fafsa


financial aid offers


scholarships and grants


work-study programs


student loans


military college programs


money management


faqs





school counselors



school-based presentations


virtual presentation options


professional development


event promotional toolkit


senior alerts - counselor toolkit


material request form


professional resources


materials library


e-alerts


resource zone










home


about


programs & services


ican events calendar


webinars & recordings


fafsa ready iowa - fafsa completion events


the resource zone


e-alerts/tips signup


ican e-alerts: counselor mass student registration




materials library


request materials




ican events & presentations


virtual presentations


life after high school planning tips


budgeting calculators


monthly budget calculator


in-school budget calculator


loan repayment calculator


credit card repayment calculator




glossary






ican locations


newsroom


meet the ican team


employment opportunities




board of directors


partnership program


become a partner


partnership levels


business and industry


college and universities




additional opportunities for involvement


iowa school counselor database


counselor database login


current partners




support ican


recognition


individual donors


current partners




ican stories


college access in iowa: 24 years and counting


from the counselor - andy jacobsen


counselor testimonials


customer testimonials


hope was always there - danielle thompson


grandmother & granddaughter go to college together






contact ican




career planning


career training apprenticeship programs


university of iowa labor center pre-apprenticeship program


glaziers




career pathways in advanced manufacturing


certificate/diploma careers


careers in two-years


careers in four years


careers with graduate degrees


military career options


job shadows & internships


finding a job


applying for a job


cover letters/resumes


interview skills


traps and illegal questions


what to wear




career center


internships


finding internships






employer expectations


career planning resources




college planning


academic planning


recommended courses


grade point average


improve your grades


standardized test


get involved


choosing a program or major


college academics


tips for academic success






explore colleges


college fairs


golden circle college & career fair


icr future career & college fair




campus visits


college search


types of colleges


iowa postsecondary schools by name


iowa postsecondary schools by type


find iowa private schools


find iowa public universities


find iowa community colleges


find iowa technical schools




consider transferring




apply for college


application process


admission essay


types of admission deadlines




campus life


your health


time management


extracurricular activities


working while in college


campus safety


living off campus


study abroad


college athletics




graduate school


elementary


middle school


parents & guardians


adult learners


social media safety




financial aid


studentaid.gov account


creating a studentaid.gov account without a social security number




fafsa


sai


iowa financial aid priority dates


fafsa preparedness week


fafsa changes




financial aid offers


scholarships and grants


federal and state grants


scholarship searches


ican scholarship database


scholarships with may 2024 deadlines






work-study programs


student loans


federal loan options


private loan options


are you student loan savvy? quiz




military college programs


money management


credit card management


identity theft


life after college




faqs




school counselors


school-based presentations


schedule a presentation




virtual presentation options


professional development


on track counselor virtual summit


fafsa completion assistance certification program


financial aid basics


ican curriculum program


dcap/icap consulting


webinars


webinar archive




advisory council


current members


council long range planning goals






event promotional toolkit


ican virtual events promotion


golden circle college & career fair


fafsa ready iowa promotional toolkit


combination presentation toolkit


military career fair toolkit




senior alerts - counselor toolkit


material request form


professional resources


career development resources


college information resources


educational organization sites


financial aid resources


financial literacy resources


government agencies' sites




materials library


e-alerts


resource zone









form for searching the website
search website:









main content

















home
/


career and college readiness curriculum


ican career and college readiness curriculum




 

do your students graduate with the skills and knowledge necessary to transition into the workforce or a college academic program? do they understand how to pick a career, apply to college or job? can they navigate the financial aid process? are they college and career ready when they graduate?
the ican career and college readiness curriculum is a comprehensive k-12 program, segmented into elementary, middle, and high school levels. used individually or as a k-12 system, this curriculum ensures that every student has the skills, knowledge, and confidence to set achievable goals. our curriculum doesn't just teach; it engages students in activities that personalize the content to their journey, setting them up to make informed decisions about their future.








aligned with national standards for career and college readiness
what makes a student college and career ready? students who are college and career ready have acquired the necessary knowledge, skills, and strategies to be successful in post-secondary opportunities. the ican curriculum's foundation is in ensuring that each lesson brings focus to at least one of the following areas.













achieved proficiency in essential content knowledge
acquired practical transition skills
developed key learning skills and cognitive strategies
build a strong foundation of self-understanding and engagement strategies



 
















asca national model mindsets & behaviors
the ican curriculum is designed to align with the national american school counselors association (asca) student standards for k-12 college-, career-, and life-readiness. click here to download the ican curriculum standards overview.





 





individual career and academic plans (icap)
all ican lessons explore an essential component of an icap, allowing students to go more in-depth in each area for a personalized learning experience.

self understanding
career information
career exploration
post-secondary exploration
career and post-secondary decision

the ican career and college readiness curriculum is designed to work with career information systems, providing an enhanced, more personalized experience for students. the curriculum program can also be utilized as a stand alone system.












the ican curriculum is "real world, practical, and to the point" and "helps us incorporate our required counseling standards"
~ current curriculum user
 
the ican program "is easy to use and the most relevant curriculum i could find" and that "we have seen a positive increase in application timeliness for admissions, as well as a very positive rate of filing the fafsa"
~current curriculum user
















ican curriculum lessons
the elementary curriculum ignites curiosity in students from an early age, encouraging them to explore diverse career paths, recognize their unique strengths, and connect the value of education to their future goals.

download a program overview
download k-5 lesson goals and summaries
				 

the middle school curriculum guides students to explore their interests, strengths, and potential career paths while understanding the importance of academic planning and skill-building for future success.

download a program overview
download 6-8 lesson goals and summaries

the high school curriculum prepares students for life beyond high school, helping them define their career interests, set academic goals, and create actionable plans for college and career success.

download a program overview
download 9-12 lesson goals and summaries





 
 
 






curriculum licensing options
the ican curriculum program is available nationwide to schools and community organizations with a mission around post-secondary access and success. licensing includes full training on the core concepts of the curriculum, building a positive school culture around post-secondary success, bridging counseling k-12, as well as implementation and on-going support from the ican curriculum team.
program options:

iowa program (original program developed in iowa for iowa students)
national program (curriculum is tailored by state, provided personalized, local resources for students)
k-5 program (elementary career learning through interactive lessons and play)
6-8 (middle school lessons focused on the transitions between elementary and high school)
higher education program - coming soon

curriculum plus options include:

school-based/virtual seminars for parents/students
curriculum plus
				
career information system integration 
district career & academic plan (dcap) consulting
individual career & academic plan (icap) consulting
elementary - printed resources and journals


parent communication resource











information sessions
ican hosts regular information sessions for counselors, administrators, and educators who are interested in implementing the ican curriculum program. information sessions last 30-45 minutes and include time for questions. these sessions include an program goals, sample lessons, an overview of training and content, as licensing structure and pricing.
high school curriculum information sessions are scheduled for the following dates:

tuesday, january 14 - 1 pm | register
thursday, january 23 - 10 am | register
monday, february 3 - 1 pm | register
click here to view a recording of an information session on the 9-12 curriculum.

k-8 curriculum information sessions are scheduled for the following dates:

tuesday, january 14 - 2:30 pm | register
thursday, january 23 - 9 am | register
monday, february 3 - noon | register
click here to view a recording of an information session on the k-5 and 6-8 curriculum.










book a demo with the curriculum team
are you ready to get started? click here to connect with the curriculum team.




 
 
 
 
 
 

about ican
ican has served students, families, and the educational community since 1998. ican is a non-profit organization dedicated to providing solutions and resources to advance career and college readiness. the ican team has more than 150 years of combined experience in career and college readiness advising including k-12 school counselors, collegiate financial aid advisors, students services, admissions, and community college access organizations.
ican develops and provides expert resources on career and college planning to school counselors, parents, and students, providing the guidance and programming needed for students to be successful and prepared for life after high school.



































ican



office locations





						tel: (877) 272-4692
(877) 272-4692
						email: ican@icansucceed.org
contact us





					quick links
				



what to bring


scholarship database


e-alert sign-up


resource zone


fsa id setup










get adobe acrobat reader ›



						© 2025 i can succeed. all rights reserved.
					

sitemap
contact us





						web development by
					

global reach








				© 2025i can succeed. all rights reserved.
			



