










hot springs village, arkansas | active lifestyle community





































































 







schedule a tour or visit 








members search search 
























menu
×



welcomeamenitiesfitness & poolslakes & boatinglawn sportsracquet sportsparks & recreationtrails & ridesgolfa golf destinationbalboa golf clubcoronado golf clubcortez golf clubdiamante country clubdesoto golf clubgranada golf clubisabella golf clubmagellan golf clubponce de leon golf clublifestylearts & entertainmentchurches & schoolsclubs & organizationshealthcaremilitary advantagesnearby attractionspublic safetyrestaurantstestimonialsnewsvisit usdiscovery packagesday toursplan an rv staycome play golffind a homecontact

memberssearchsearch














welcome 


amenities





fitness & pools 


lakes & boating 


lawn sports 


racquet sports 


parks & recreation 


trails & rides 







golf 





a golf destination


balboa golf club 


coronado golf club 


cortez golf club 


diamante country club 


desoto golf club 


granada golf club 


isabella golf club 


magellan golf club 


ponce de leon golf club 







lifestyle





arts & entertainment 


churches & schools 


clubs & organizations 


healthcare 


military advantages 


nearby attractions 


public safety 


restaurants 


testimonials 


news 







visit us





discovery packages 


day tours 


plan an rv stay 


come play golf 







find a home 


contact 






















						reimagine your life 					






								reimagine your life 							
in hot springs village, arkansas

learn more










						rediscover					






								rediscover							
your golf game on one of our 9 award-winning courses

learn more










						relax					






								relax							
on one of our 11 recreational lakes

learn more










						re-energize					






								re-energize							
your love for the outdoors

learn more











schedule a discovery package or tour!

let us help you schedule a visit to hot springs village built around your time and interests!
get started



















take a quick tour

reimagine your life in hot springs village.
watch this video for a glimpse at life in hot springs village! if you like what you see, then that’s just the beginning – book a discovery package to fully appreciate all that our community can offer.










why hsv the advantages






cost of living
with low taxes, an impressive number of amenities, and an average housing cost of under $140 per square foot, hot springs village is one of the most affordable and ideal places to live, work and play. 








lake living
with 11 recreational lakes, hot springs village offers a variety of fun activities like fishing, swimming, kayaking, boating and skiing. 








location, location, location
for those that want to explore beyond the village, it’s only a short drive away from historic hot springs and little rock, the state’s capital city. 








natural beauty
spanning over 26,000 acres of the ouachita mountains, hot springs village is surrounded by natural beauty that you truly have to see to believe. 








safety and security
hot springs village is the largest gated community in the u.s., with its own police and fire departments within the gates. the crime rate is 47% lower than the national average. 








world class golf
hot springs village is home to 9 unique golf courses: seven 18-hole golf courses, one 27-hole golf complex and one prestigious, award-winning private club. 









vision about hot springs village

since 1970, hot springs village has been one of the most desirable active-lifestyle communities in the nation. it is home to 11 recreational lakes, nine championship golf courses, 13 tennis courts, 14 pickleball courts, 30 miles of walking trails, more than 200 clubs and organizations and numerous additional activities for all ages.
spanning 26,000 acres of the ouachita mountains, hot springs village is the largest gated community in north america. in addition to year-round recreational offerings, hot springs village offers residents various pre-built and custom-built housing options, from affordable townhomes to waterfront retreats.
learn more schedule a tour









love testimonials











“we have been in the village 10 years and continue to enjoy everything it has to offer. with over 200 clubs and organizations, several golf courses, numerous lakes, miles of walking trails, many churches and lots of cultural activities – we are living the good life!”
diane bielanski




"you will be amazed of the beauty that surrounds you all the time. anything and everything to do or as little as much as you want to. best kept secret and friendly as can be."
rita osti alexander




“arkansas is a military-friendly state and does not tax your military pension. we have great local medical care through tricare providers and 2 v.a. hospitals that are within 30 to 40 minutes of hot springs village.”
lt general jeff lofgren (usaf retired)




"wife and i bought our home in the hills in 2008. we love this area. it has a lot to offer. our house is surrounded by the forest and we feed the deer, turkeys and chipmunks. they will actually wait off in the woods for us to throw out their morning and evening food. the tennis here is like one big family. you will have lots of fun and always someone to play with. bob is a great director and pro for the tennis courts. come play."
randy bruno




“golf, fishing, large acl bridge group (700+ members). concert auditorium, tennis courts and pickleball courts, very low cost of living, low taxes and very friendly neighbors. we have been here 17 years and have enjoyed every minute of it.”
bob brown



view all



















hsv players dreaming of a white chrismas

it might be hot outside, but the hot springs village players are already thinking about christmas – and a white christmas at that!

read more







hot room open at coronado fitness center

the coronado fitness center hot room has officially opened and is ready for use! after several months of construction and repairs, parks & recreation director terry wiley is pleased to announce the opening of this very popular amenity for the members and guests of the community.

read more







32nd annual kiwanis golf tournament at magellan golf course

the hot springs village kiwanis club and brookshire’s proudly sponsor the 32nd annual kiwanis golf tournament at magellan golf course in lovely hot springs village, arkansas. tournament proceeds are targeted to help local children.

read more







32nd annual hot springs documentary film festival preview

the hot springs documentary film festival (hsdff) is an annual cultural and arts event that showcases documentary films. the festival is known for its high-quality programming, featuring many oscar nominees and winners.

read more







learn to play bridge at the hot springs village card club

the village card club offers beginning bridge lessons starting monday, september 18, from 9:00 to 11:30 a.m. this ten-week course will feature a lesson along with a hands-on workshop each week so you can apply the concepts learned.

read more






see all news









contact us

phone: 501-922-5556
email: customerservice@hsvpoa.org
895 desoto blvdhot springs village, ar 71909
driving directions: west gate | east gate



useful links
active advisories careersprivacy policyterms of service


conditions
golf course conditions
tennis court conditions
pickleball court conditions







facebook instagram youtube 










copyright hot springs village. all rights reserved.















search




x
search














