


incite























incite  --  (v) 1: give an incentive;  2: provoke or stir up; "incite a riot";  3: urge on; cause to act






tuesday, november 24, 2009



 

      in which a nobel peace prize winner refuses to sign on to the landmine ban treaty
written by: beck
yummy, yummy irony.

posted at 

10:32 pm by beck :    
 : 




friday, october 30, 2009



 

      inescapable
written by: beck
for shame.

posted at 

11:42 pm by beck :    
 : 




saturday, september 26, 2009



 

      obama diplomacy
written by: beck
neither east germany nor ronald reagan was available for comment.

posted at 

9:27 pm by beck :    
 : 




wednesday, september 23, 2009



 

      house approves bill extending jobless benefits
written by: beck
but only to certain specific states.the bill extends benefits for those living in states with jobless rates higher than 8.5%. some 27 states, plus the district of columbia and puerto rico, fall into this category. the national unemployment rate hit 9.7% in august, the highest in 26 years.now, guess how those states tend to vote...go on, take your time...ok, here's the list, in highly unformatted form:ranking | state | unemployment rate | 2008 presidential election result23      maine           8.6  obama24  pennsylvania  8.6  obama26  wisconsin  8.8  obama27  idaho     8.9  mccain28  new york  9.0  obama28  west virginia  9.0  mccain30  arizona  9.1  mccain30  massachusetts  9.1  obama32  washington  9.2  obama33  mississippi  9.5  mccain33  missouri  9.5  mccain35  new jersey  9.7  obama36  indiana  9.9  obama37  illinois  10.0  obama38  georgia  10.2  mccain39  alabama  10.4  mccain40  florida  10.7  obama41  north carolina  10.8  obama41  ohio     10.8  obama41  tennessee  10.8  mccain44  district of columbia  11.1  obama44  kentucky  11.1  mccain46  south carolina  11.5  mccain47  california  12.2  obama47  oregon   12.2  obama49  rhode island  12.8  obama50  nevada   13.2  obama51  michigan        15.2  obamaten out of twenty-nine voted for mccain.  the rest all went to obama.  yeah, there's no quid pro quo there.what's perhaps most galling, however, is the implication that some unemployed are less deserving of others--just because their state isn't suffering as dismally... which is generally a sign of a state under better fiscal management, which is, again, generally a sign of republican administration.so sorry all you unemployed in texas, you're just going to have to make do as best you can.  try not to think about the fact that some fraction of the taxes you paid last year are going to be redistributed to unemployed in other states because, well, they had the good sense to vote democratic.

posted at 

11:53 pm by beck :    
 : 




saturday, august 01, 2009



 

      eat the rich
written by: beck
headline: tax burden of top 1% now exceeds that of bottom 95%

posted at 

1:02 pm by beck :    
 : 




friday, july 03, 2009



 

      textual analysis
written by: beck
q: how can you tell when an opinion piece is nothing but hollow propaganda with little to no factual heft?  a: when it contains the following sentence.the russian people are probably not going to come away with a pronounced negative view of obama -- he is acutely sensitive to cultural protocol wherever he goes and has yet to make a wrong step.

posted at 

4:19 pm by beck :    
 : 




saturday, june 06, 2009



 

      your homework assignment
written by: beck
from an article on cnn.com about a married couple who, during thirty years of employment with the state department, spied for cuba:the official also said it was unclear whether myers acted for financial reasons, but a law enforcement official said the couple's primary motive was not money. the couple were "true believers" in the cuban system, the official said."the abuses of our system, the lack of decent medical system, the oil companies and their undisguised indifference to public needs, the complacency about the poor, the utter inability of those who are oppressed to recognize their own condition," myers wrote in a diary quoted in the federal affidavit.your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to identify four false conclusions from that excerpt and realize just what sort of world view is required to arrive at those conclusions.  you may turn in your homework at monday's class.  thank you, please drive through.

posted at 

12:37 am by beck :    
 : 




tuesday, april 21, 2009



 

      today's edition of: "are you fucking kidding me?"
written by: beck
diane feinstein opposes solar plant licensing in order to protect a turtle:the bureau of land management may "protect" the environment by turning down permits to build solar power plants--in the desert.have liberals been out in the sun too long?solar energy plants in the desert are opposed by democratic sen. dianne feinstein and others to protect the tiny pupfish, the desert tortoise.

posted at 

2:06 am by beck :    
 : 




thursday, april 16, 2009



 

      in which i deliver a lengthy and thought provoking message to the federal government in commemoration of tax day:
written by: beck
go fuck yourself.

posted at 

12:18 am by beck :    
 : 




tuesday, march 31, 2009



 

      words
written by: beck
from the inimitable mark steyn:the characteristically moronic behavior of the braindead british coppers transformed it from a family tragedy to a national metaphor. i have written recently in canada of the disturbing passivity of the "citizenry", but britain's nudged it on a stage: even if you understand the obligation to act in such a situation, the state will forcibly prevent you and (if recent form is anything to go by) ensure that if you disobey them you'll be prosecuted - pour encourager les autres to remain obedient sheep to the government shepherd.[...]new hampshire's great motto, "live free or die", is not just a bit of bloodcurdling stemwinding but a real choice that britons, canadians and, alas, americans ought to ponder: you can live as free men, with all the rights and responsibilities and vicissitudes of fate that that entails. or you can watch your society decay and die before your eyes - as england, once the crucible of freedom, dies a little with every day.

posted at 

11:24 pm by beck :    
 : 




thursday, december 04, 2008



 

      yes, this was actually written in a california publication
written by: beck
those in power in the capitol--as well as many local politicians--make skillful use of those who rely on government services to advance their spending agenda. they use children, the disabled, the elderly and others who appear vulnerable to justify increasing taxes. when reasonable arguments are made that higher taxes in an already high-tax state could lead to fiscal ruin and less for everyone, politicians and bureaucrats use these dependent classes as human shields.granted, it was in the oc register, which i hadn't actually heard of before today, but still.

posted at 

3:01 pm by beck :    
 : 




monday, december 01, 2008



 

      indeed
written by: beck
politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it whether it exists or not, diagnosing it incorrectly, and applying the wrong remedy.  -- ernest benn

posted at 

3:55 am by beck :    
 : 




saturday, november 29, 2008



 

      the danneskjold method
written by: beck
"if the 21st century nation-state can’t even fight pirates, what’s it good for, exactly? collecting taxes? what happens when taxpayers decide they’d rather be pirates?"-- glenn reynolds

posted at 

9:33 pm by beck :    
 : 




tuesday, november 11, 2008



 

      electioneering, reductio
written by: beck
anyone who is capable of getting themselves made president should on no account be allowed to do the job.  - douglas adamswhen we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.  - mark twainlook for the ridiculous in everything and you will find it.  - jules renard

posted at 

7:39 pm by beck :    
 : 




thursday, november 06, 2008



 

      on politicians
written by: beck
imagine a conversation in november of 1976... imagine one person said to another, "a deomcrat will not win a majority of the popular vote in a presidential race for another 32 years, but when one does, it will be a black man whose closest democratic competitor was a woman, and also, the defeated republican's running mate will be a woman."  the speaker's grounding in reality--to say nothing of his sanity--would certainly have been called into question.  i think, as i'm sure will come as no surprise, that obama's policies will be harmful to the nation.  but i'm also very proud to live in a country where discrimination really is fading into the shadows of history.  it's certainly not gone.  but things have come a hell of a long way since november of 1976.i even think this election will be good for the republican party, and as a consequence, good for the country.  the republican dominated house and senate, under the guidance of president bush, enacted the greatest increases in government spending since fdr.  that is not responsible government.  not by any definition of the word.  if you look at the principles espoused in the republican "contract with american" from 1994, you'll find not one that the republicans continued to embrace once bush took office.  i believe this reflects a deep flaw in the nature of politicians generally, and i despair at the type of person who is drawn to seek elected office. in china, government officials have received the death penalty for corruption.  in america, politicians typically get off lighter than civilians for their crimes.  if i rob a liquor store, the impact is limited to myself, the store's employees and owners, perhaps anyone else nearby if i was waving a gun around... if you really want to stretch it, you could add all of the liquor store's customers to the list of those impacted, if distantly.  when a senator is corrupt, the impact is on every citizen of his home state, and if you really want to stretch it, every person in the united states.  yet who does more jail time? in a sense, a politician's character is far more important than a politician's politics.  a person genuinely motivated out of a desire to give back to the community and serve the best interest of the citizenry is likely to make better decisions.  and while individuals will certainly be wrong headed and mistaken at times, a congress of such men is likely to generally point in a positive direction.  a politician motivated by the search for and retention of power cannot be trusted to make any decisions.  they will be motivated by the fickle winds of public opinion and their pocket book.  and yet public officialdom, from the smallest town council on up to the highest elected officials in the land, is entirely dominated by the latter type of person. such people--as been demonstrated countless times in the more overtly despotic variety of regimes--run nations, economies, and peoples into the ground.  the things standing in the way of american public officialdom are a combination of tradition and the constitution.  traditions weaken, change, and eb over time, but it is defense of those traditions for reason of recognition of their value to both societal stability and governmental restraint that motivates true conservatives (people who are philosophically conservative i should say, so as to distinguish from "religious conservatives" or "social conservatives" who might be quite liberal or radical in other regards). the united states constitution is an old document.  it certainly shows its age, and its inflexibility certainly can be a hindrance in an era of high technology and rapid change the likes of which the constitution's drafters could never have envisioned.  nonetheless, it's that very rigidity which makes it so valuable as a defense against the professional political class which i think most citizens would agree cannot be trusted with any more power than they already have.  there are a great many people who seek to weaken the constitution: to soften its provisions, to broaden its interpretation, to render it down into a list of malleable guidelines rather than fixed hard and fast rules which must be observed.  to some, rigid adherence to the constitution seems downright silly: a pointless worship of a piece of paper written in an era when bleeding sick patients still seemed like a good idea.  but it is one of the few dams remaining holding back the flood tide of acquisition of power by politicians.  its continued defense by honest and idealistic people is essential to protection of our own individual rights.i don't know what kind of politician barack obama is.  the weirdly skewed news cycle prevented a truly clear picture from emerging.  we will now find out though, whether we want to or not.  let us hope the surprise is a pleasant one.  but let us prepare for the obverse.

posted at 

6:04 pm by beck :    
 : 






contact the author:

john beck

feedback welcomed



blogroll incite!



never forgive, never forget






greatest hits

the complete united nations posts
immoderate moderates
marketing myopia
in defense of the republic
ukip in america
playing connect the dots
a point so often missed: the presence of an administered rate
reagan remembrance
dr. wolfowitz, or how i supported the right war waged in the wrong way for the wrong reasons
divine right of kings and un mandates
a fantastic idea, if i do say so myself
why we were right to liberate iraq
the crisis of conservatism

blogs worth bookmarking

steal the blinds
poor dudley's almanac
mansizedtarget
protein wisdom
anti-idiotarian rottweiler
new sisyphus
iowahawk
jim treacher
ace of spades
captain's quarters
rambling's journal
neolibertarian blog
llp group blog
the llama butchers
the castle argghhh
the politburo diktat
the dissident frogman
in search of utopia
aaron's cc:
tacjammer
wizbang
q&o
imao
indc
you know you wanna
classical values
clowning glory
vice squad
samizdata
hit & run
link mecca
the corner
power line
instapundit
michelle malkin
mises institute
marchand chronicles
enlighten - new jersey

more top reads

ego
slaglerock's slaughterhouse
a_sdf
this blog is full of crap
redstate
who tends the fires
the bleat
outside the beltway
gapingvoid
small dead animals
kim du toit
tman in tennessee
mypetjawa
mass backwards
hog on ice
pardon my english
mr. minority
speed of thought
bloodletting
la shawn barber
vodkapundit
right wing news
uss clueless
leatherpenguin
belmont club
shades of gray
seldom sober
roger l. simon
tacoma blaze
a small victory
murdoc online
iraq elections diatribe
winds of change
wuzzadem
enlighten - new jersey
random fate
riding sun
my vrwc
the daily file
matt "the man" margolis
bastard sword
roller coaster of hate

news links

blogger news network
national review online
tech central station
the drudge report
reason online
mises institute
the weekly standard
front page magazine
town hall
vdare


affiliations, accolades, & acknowledgements

neolibertarian network



life, liberty, property




alliance of free blogs


"more tallent than a million monkeys with typewriters."
--glenn reynolds


best conservative blog nominee




empire of the blogs




blogs for bush





h-town blogs


life, liberty, property community


reciprocal blogrolling
yippee-ki-yay!
accidental verbosity
conservative eyes
the moderate voice
perpetual three-dot column
chapomatic
sudan watch
mystery achievement
le sabot post-moderne
comment me no comments
new spew

links that amuse the writers

huffington's toast
the ifoc news
dave barry's blog
drum machine
something awful
fight!
cox & forkum
fark
exploding dog

archives


march 2004 

april 2004 

may 2004 

june 2004 

july 2004 

august 2004 

september 2004 

october 2004 

november 2004 

december 2004 

january 2005 

february 2005 

march 2005 

april 2005 

may 2005 

june 2005 

july 2005 

august 2005 

september 2005 

october 2005 

november 2005 

december 2005 

january 2006 

february 2006 

march 2006 

april 2006 

may 2006 

june 2006 

august 2006 

march 2007 

may 2007 

june 2007 

august 2007 

september 2007 

october 2007 

january 2008 

february 2008 

march 2008 

april 2008 

may 2008 

september 2008 

november 2008 

december 2008 

march 2009 

april 2009 

june 2009 

july 2009 

august 2009 

september 2009 

october 2009 

november 2009 

the elephant graveyard

we are full of shit
the sicilian
the diplomad
undercaffeinated
insults unpunished
fear & loathing in iraq
right wingin-it
dgci
serenity's journal
son of nixon
rachel lucas

credits


 








popdex






email questions and comments




this work is licensed under a creative commons license.






















