









create the ultimate home theater experience with sonos lutron













































704-301-1170
robert@soundadvice.com















frametv master installer

home
outdoor speakers and tvs


services offered

smart dimmers, motorized shade and curtain control by lutron
flat panel tv mounting
home networking for streaming tv and everything else!
multi-room audio systems
home system integration
outdoor audio video


products and brands

sonos sound bars
sonos wireless speakers


learning library

selecting a home theater 
selecting speakers for the living room
selecting speakers for the den
selecting speakers for the bedroom
how speakers work
surround sound speakers
subwoofers
receivers
audio video streaming made easy
tube amplifiers
power amplifiers
pre amplifiers
quality cables and wiring
surge suppression and power conditioning 
dvr cloud storage


 


select page


  
 
 











704-301-1170

north carolina licensed electrician

we have a licensed master electrician to design and install your new electronics in your dream home.  we bring years of knowledge and the tools to get the job done correctly.

















$1499

samsung frame tv

 possibly the best tv to install over the fireplace.  the samsung frametv is the fan favorite designed to effortlessly accentuate your decor, offering seamless streaming and self-expression.














sale call today   704-301-1170

mcintosh mc275

history has shown that the average life of a mcintosh product may well turn out to be longer than one’s lifetime. as a result, a new mcintosh home audio or home theater product requires one or more years to design, develop and test to the point where it meets our performance standards.























sony vpl-xw7000es

if you want to create a truly theater-like experience at home, sony’s vpl-xw7000es is an excellent option. its premium advanced crisp-focused (acf) lens widens the focus area to deliver a crisp, clear image from corner to corner. and this projector is a full 60% brighter than its predecessor with a long-lasting laser light source that puts out 3,200 lumens.

















   our story
buying electronics today is harder than ever. selection of the right equipment and proper set-up are complicated and often frustrating. and, almost exactly as it was in 1974, consumers are limited to, purchasing electronics from “big box” stores, where it is nearly impossible to get a question answered.


















we built our business on “satisfaction”. we want you to be completely satisfied with your tv, speakers, home theater, etc.         actually we want you to be thrilled. throughout the years, we have found the best route to satisfaction is communication. we need to hear what you want and don’t want – in turn, you need to hear all of your options and the pros and cons of each. and although this site includes lots of helpful product selection information, it is no substitute for working directly with you. simply contact us and we will be happy to discuss your needs and perhaps arrange, a convenient in-home demonstration of products you’re interested in, or discuss any services you might need.
    you’ll notice that many of the products on our site are not available for purchase directly from the site. that’s because we want to ensure compatibility with your other equipment, and then set up the product in a way that maximizes performance. for example, a television requires at least an hour to set up, including updating/recycling/account creation. plus, you’ll need a short tutorial. in most cases, there will be no charge for the delivery and set up.
our prices will, as always, be fair. it is our belief that there will always be room for a company that provides superior service, expertise, support with people that can explain and integrate all of today’s technologies so the customer gets the most enjoyment and least aggravation from their electronics.
give us a chance, i promise we will exceed your expectations.


     our amazing team is here to walk you through everything you’ll need to create the ultimate easy-to-use tv above the fireplace or surround sound and 4k high-definition movie experience in any room you choose. experience the enchantment of cinema right in the comfort of your home with our cutting-edge home theater systems. our systems are designed to transform your living space into an immersive entertainment haven, featuring high-definition projectors that bring visuals to life and the latest dolby atmos and digital technologies that immerse you in captivating soundscapes. our home theater setup goes beyond just entertainment, offering a variety of cozy theater seating options that encourage you to kick back and get lost in your favorite films and tv shows. we also make technology easy with simple controls for adjusting lighting and temperature with just the push of a button or a quick voice command. get ready to experience the extraordinary with our home theater systems!

























hours of operation

mon – fri10:00am – 6:00pm

sat3:00pm – 10:30pm

sunwe are closed

drop us a line
 
704-301-1170
or
robert@soundadvice.com





hours of operation

mon – fri10:00am – 6:00pm

sat3:00pm – 10:30pm

sunwe are closed

drop us a line
704-301-1170
or
robert@soundadvice.com



 












"this video wall is 165" and 36k resolution. what you get is the best installation..."




"we choose to use american electronic manufacturers every chance we get "





"commercial shopping center video wall that attracts attention"

 



programmed by master programmer robert lyon 






















