







the official website of the feng shui research center - joseph yu's feng shui institute
























































home

about joseph yu


bio


contact




courses
												& products

correspondence courses
ebooks
online seminars
higher diploma
luo pan & templates



articles


four pillars chinese astrology
zi wei dou shu astrology
feng shui
i ching



affiliates

lecturers
correspondence courses teachers
introductory courses teachers
professional courses teachers 
practitioners 


blog














								 feng shui school  with history
							

								 established in 1998
								 with a mission to help people 
								 live a better life.
							






								 your trusted source
								  of knowledgeabout




								 feng shui
							




								we are
								  worldwide 












01

consultations
if you need help resolving problems or designing a space - contact one of our consultants near you. 
our consultants





02

home learning
if you want to learn astrology, feng shui, qi men dun jia, da liu ren or i ching, you will find a wide range of offerings on this website. click "courses and products". 





03

lecturers
you can check our offering of teaching and mentoring in various countries and languages. click "affiliates/lecturers". 





04

charting
you can calculate your chart here.
calculators here








your trusted source
of chinese metaphysics knowledge










world-renowned master
joseph yu's school

joseph yu founded the feng shui research center in 1998 to accomplish his mission - to help more people globally to  understand what chinese astrology and feng shui really are. he is tireless in his efforts to transform and re-interpret sophisticated chinese classics into knowledge comprehensible even for a layperson or total beginner.


						 he hopes that one day, this valuable aspect of chinese culture will earn proper recognition in the scientific world.









take look at our
our mission and values










knowledge
knowledge is the key to a successful life, but it doesn't end with one or two diplomas. for us it is a lifelong process. we are happy to share this valuable key with you.







education
we have a wide offering of courses and seminars for total beginners as well as for professional consultants. we are working to make our courses available in your native language.







quality
we are continuously upgrading our services and courses in order to keep you up to date according to   master joseph yu's guidance and teachings.











wisdom
the learning process and gathering of knowledge is the first step. then one must digest the information to build one's wisdom. we don't teach or use simple tables and rules. the key for us is the understanding of "why".







integrating
if you start to learn with us, you enter our "family". integrating and helping each other is a very important value for all of us at the fsrc.







mentorship
not only do we help beginners  spread their wings, we also mentor experienced consultants from outside of our school. life is not just black-and-white. there are dozens of shades of grey. many masters and experienced practitioners also encounter difficult cases. we are here to assist you if help is needed.













our mission  and values
our goal is to help people live a better life. 








seasoned feng shui consultants






years of our school








countries represented by our affiliates






students












take look at our
news









july 10 2023


master joseph yu's important announcement

								by admin


 by the decision of master joseph yu, administrative, organizational and technical matters are now handled by one of his students, malgorzata galkowska-bladek. 
read more






sep 21 2021


our autumn newsletter just published!

								by admin


visit us and read our newsletter! you will find lots of interesting news and case studies there. don't forget to subscribe to our next newsletter!
read more






feb 24 2021


our first newsletter just published!

								by admin


visit us and read our newsletter! you will find lots of interesting news and case studies there. don't forget to subscribe to our next newsletter!
read more













disclaimer

chinese astrology and feng shui are  ancient wisdom handed down by our ancestors and have been used throughout the orient for centuries. to the best of our knowledge, we vouch that all information on this website is a sincere representation of the subject and we make no claim for absolute effectiveness.

									the adoption and application of the advice or information offered is solely the readers' responsibility. feng shui research center and its associates are not responsible or liable in any manner for any loss or damage caused by following the suggestions in our articles, readings and other services.





media

visit our youtube channel
visit us on facebook
visit us on twitter
visit us on linkedin
visit us on instagram
visit us on pinterest





about us


feng shui research center was founded in 1998 by master joseph yu.


our affiliates are around the world and our mission is to teach genuine feng shui and help people to live a better life.






contact



click to email


visit us on facebook



















©  joseph yu feng shui research center.
									 all rights reserved




















































































