











home - independent newsmedia, inc.





































toggle navigation




main menu




                    our publications                  


                    our history                  


                    vision and values                  


                    join our team                  



                    submission forms 




                          place a classified                        


                          place an obituary                        


                          submit a letter                        




                    advertise with us                  


                    classifieds                  


                    pay your advertising bill                  




















connecting our communities with local, nonpartisan news coverage
independent newsmedia inc. usa is dedicated to community journalism. its newspapers and websites in arizona, delaware, florida and maryland are published for, of and by the people. independent's news publications are dedicated to community journalism, with a unique blend of issue-oriented stories, reader submissions and "refrigerator" news and photos. 

 









our recent publications








































































































































      previous
    



      next
      




trending stories







 


  

            food bank of delaware challenged by high demand, inflation          


          plentiful post-pandemic aid money lessened food bank of delaware’s burden of serving  …          
read more


 







 


  

            sapp lawsuit brings comments at county meeting          


          the public comment period at the feb. 13 meeting of the okeechobee county commission  …          
read more


 


 





our newspapers and websites

    independent newsmedia inc., usa, covers more than thirty communities in four regions with an unlimited digital reach.
    we serve the states of arizona and delaware as well as eastern shore maryland and the lake okeechobee area of florida.
  

    our success is your success.
  






arizona
daily independent
anthem independent
apache junction independent
buckeye independent
chandler independent
florence independent
fountain hills independent
gilbert independent
glendale independent
goodyear independent
litchfield park independent
mesa independent
 paradise valley independent
peoria independent
phoenix independent
queen creek independent
scottsdale independent
sun city independent
sun city west independent
sun life independent
surprise independent
tempe independent
delaware
daily state news
crisfield-somerset county times
 dorchester banner
greater dover independent
middletown smyrna independent
milford chronicle
millsboro-long neck independent
salisbury independent
florida
lake okeechobee news
belle glade news
caloosa belle news
clewiston news
glades county news


 





















we are guided by the highest ethical standards at independent newsmedia. we serve our communities by writing news articles highlighting readers who are making an impact while also holding our local government officials accountable to preserve democracy. we promote opinions with civility, to stimulate community debate on all sides of an issue, but we do not dominate or control it. we're also here to provide fair and competitive pricing for our advertising customers because a healthy local economy is good for all concerned. 


										charlene bisson, ceo of independent newsmedia									















 













our history






vision and values














join our team






advertise















                      puzzles                    


                      privacy policy                    


                      copyright terms of service                    


                      contact us                    









          © copyright 2024, independent newsmedia
        

powered by creative circle media solutions






