






original web site templates by round the bend wizards



















round the bend wizards
original web site templates







 home
 template catalog
 company

faqs
policies »

terms of use
license agreement



 contact us
 view cart











original web site templates
why settle for dull when you can have dazzling
templates by rtbwizards are efficiently coded, load fast, cross-browser tested on multiple 
			   devices, mobile ready and responsive, and search engine friendly. all templates are offered for immediate 
			   download after purchasing, so you can get started right away.



distinctive designs





it's no secret that having a mobile web presence gives you a distinct advantage. our templates meet the challenge. 
			   it's not magic, but it's the next best thing.
browse our catalog




why choose us?


unique
we are not a 3rd party reseller. we make each and every template 
			 and fill them with lots of extras and features. it's been our 
			 standard since 1998 and what you expect from a high quality design.

multiple page layout designs because we know you want 
				 choices.
cross-browser and mobile device tested. 
external css files are well commented for easier editing.
clean code + quality designs = professional results
useful enhancements like calendars, slideshows, gallery 
				 lightboxes, product pages, drop-down menus, and so much more.
				 

buy today, download today.




professional
every template is designed to put you in full control with the 
		  flexibility you need to make your site stand out from the crowd. 
		  experience the perfect combination of html5, css3, and 
		  mobile-optimized design. we offer hundreds of templates for expression web, 
		  dreamweaver, and generic html editors. all of our templates are mobile 
		  ready and responsive.
whether you are looking for something modern and sleek or elegant 
		  and classic, something full-featured or a bit smaller (like our 
		  one-page templates) upon which to build, we have the perfect template 
		  for you.
we've done the heavy lifting so you can have a site that looks as 
		  good on a phone or tablet as it does on a desktop or laptop computer.
		  














rtbwizards.com ©  | all rights reserved





















