






	
		the scottish social services council
		 - scottish social services council
















you’re offline. this is a read only version of the page.














skip to main content





































                        search the register
                        




                        working at the sssc
                        




                        contact us
                        




                        accessibility
                        


































                        home
                    





                        the sssc
                    




                                about the sssc 
                            



                                sssc codes of practice 
                            



                                sssc council and committees 
                            



                                our organisational structure 
                            



                                governance 
                            



                                workforce data 
                            



                                sssc publications 
                            



                                news and events 





                                        news
                                    



                                        events
                                    



                                        media centre
                                    






                                videos 
                            



                                information governance 
                            



                                make a complaint about the sssc 
                            



                                sssc involving people 
                            



                                consultations 
                            



                                registration is changing 
                            







                        registration
                    




                                who should register and why? 
                            



                                how do i register? 





                                        return to practice requirements for social workers
                                    






                                managing my registration 
                            



                                help with register parts, fees and qualifications 
                            



                                employers 
                            



                                registration and mysssc help centre 
                            



                                sssc registered 
                            







                        fitness to practise
                    




                                what is fitness to practise 
                            



                                raising a concern with us 
                            



                                our investigation process 
                            



                                hearings 





                                        information about hearings
                                    



                                        attending a hearing
                                    



                                        sssc hearings
                                    






                                fitness to practise decisions 





                                        impairment decisions
                                    



                                        temporary orders
                                    



                                        appeals
                                    






                                fitness to practise documents 
                            







                        supporting the workforce
                    




                                continuous professional learning 





                                        supporting your continuous professional learning
                                    






                                workforce planning and development 





                                        recruitment of refugees and asylum seekers and workers from outside the uk
                                    






                                leadership, improvement learning and wellbeing 





                                        leadership development
                                    



                                        quality improvement learning
                                    



                                        workforce wellbeing support
                                    






                                digital learning 
                            



                                self-directed support and integration 





                                        dementia learning and promoting excellence
                                    



                                        palliative and end of life care
                                    



                                        personal outcomes
                                    






                                mental health officers 
                            



                                newly qualified social workers 
                            



                                learning zone 
                            







                        careers and education
                    




                                getting started 
                            



                                careers ambassadors 
                            



                                qualifications 





                                        recognition of prior learning
                                    






                                modern apprenticeships 
                            



                                information for providers 





                                        standards
                                    



                                        review of social work education
                                    



                                        practice learning qualifications
                                    



                                        quality assurance
                                    






                                case studies 
                            



                                inspiring care stories 
                            



                                funding for training 





                                        funding for social work study
                                    



                                        part time fee grant
                                    



                                        practice learning support grant
                                    



                                        modern apprenticeship funding
                                    



                                        voluntary sector development fund
                                    








                        mysssc login
                        












                    search the register
                    




                    working at the sssc
                    




                    contact us
                    




                    accessibility
                    
























 contact 


 search 





mysssc login











back to top



























get sssc registered
being sssc registered makes you part of a trusted, skilled, confident and valued workforce that makes a real difference. new staff must apply to register with the sssc in their first three months.
if you've just started or you're employing new staff, get the application in right away. it's easy to get started, just create your mysssc account here.
and if you're already registered or you're an employer, join our new campaign and make sure everyone knows the importance, value and benefits of being registered.


use our toolkit kit to get started







   
  



registration
whether you are an employer, registered worker or someone looking to apply find out more about registration here.


more about registration






mysssc
sign in to your mysssc account to keep your details up to date. you can also create an account and apply for registration.


sign in to mysssc






supporting the workforce
discover how our work supports your learning and development and employers. you can also get free learning resources.


more about supporting the workforce










careers and education
if you’re looking for a career for life which makes a positive difference, then a job in social services could be for you. get more information on careers and education.


more about careers and education






the sssc
find out more about the sssc, our codes of practice, how we are organised and our workforce data role here.


more about the sssc






fitness to practise
read about our fitness to practise process, worker and employer responsibilities and how to make a complaint about a worker.


more about fitness to practise








       
      



       
      the codes of practice for social service workers and employers
the codes of practice for social service workers and employers (the codes) set out the behaviours and values expected of social service workers and their employers.

view the codes of practice

       
    






search the register
check the registration status of a social worker or social care worker employed in scotland



search the register








latest news



 

new report on the economic and social value of the adult social care sector in scotland
 
a new report shows the economic and social value of the adult social care sector in scotland was £5.2 billion in 2022/23. it also estimates that every £1 spent in the sector brought £1.98 in socioeconomic benefits.
 

published on 07 february 2025 

 

 


 

expanding the sssc register consultation
 
we’re consulting on a proposal to add new groups of workers from the social service workforce to the sssc register and want to hear your views on the proposal. 
 

published on 30 january 2025 

 

 


 

minister for children, young people and the promise visits the sssc
 
the minister for children, young people and the promise, natalie don-innes msp visited the scottish social services council (sssc) office in dundee today to learn more about their work.
 

published on 15 january 2025 

 

 




view more latest news



latest events






            event: 27 february 2025
        

building cyber resilience in social services
as part of cyber scotland week 2025, the scottish social services council is hosting a free online event to help improve cyber resilience across scotland.

published on 06 january 2025








            event: 04 march 2025
        

supporting supervisors in adult social care in scotland - morning session
this online workforce development day aims to bring supervisors who work in adult social care together, whether newly recruited to the role or working towards a qualification as part of their registration requirement.

published on 10 december 2024








            event: 04 march 2025
        

supporting supervisors in adult social care in scotland - afternoon session
this online workforce development day aims to bring supervisors who work in adult social care together, whether newly recruited to the role or working towards a qualification as part of their registration requirement.

published on 10 december 2024







view more events



have feedback?


sharing your experience in our quick anonymous survey will help us improve


complete survey


   

other websites by the ssscthe sssc has created a number of other websites that provide specific services for learning and statistic reporting. 





workforce data
as an official statistics provider, the sssc publishes data on the social service workforce in scotland.









learning zone
develop your skills with resources you can use on your computer, tablet or smartphone.









step into leadership
find resources and information to develop your leadership skills, whatever your role in social services.









open badges
open badges are digital certificates recognising learning and achievement.



























0345 60 30 891
lines open monday to friday 9am - 4pm.
your call may be recorded for training and reference purposes.


 search the register working at the sssc contact us accessibility information governance subject access request equality procurement our legal framework  




sign up to our newsletter




want to find out more about us and what we do? sign up to our monthly newsletters so you can learn more about regulation and what registration means for you.
sign up













the sssc on x



the sssc on facebook



the sssc on linkedin



the sssc on instagram






copyright © 2025 scottish social services council,   compass house, 11 riverside drive, dundee, dd1 4ny.   all rights reserved.


































