








































escondido village















          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







this website is still in development. thank you for your patience!








stanford

 
escondido village





search this site

submit search



menu
homeev neighborhoodsabramsbarnesblackwelderhoskinshulmemcfarlandquillenev mailing listsfaqsresident resourcesca resources



     escondido village
    













 



















welcome to escondido village!











common resources

 
general
searchable campus map
stanford people finder
marguerite bus live map
 
residents
mailing address format
fixit maintenance requests
dining hall menu
parking
 
emergency resources
campus phone: 9-911
cellphone: 911
palo alto dispatch: (650) 329-2413
stanford hospital er: (650) 723-5111
glo dean on call: (650) 723-7288
     pager id: #25085
 
locked out?
daytime: go to your residence's front desk (free pass!)
after hours: (650) 725-1602 (first time free)
 
contact
ev front desk: varies (ctrl-f for your residence name!)







welcome to escondido village!

 
congrats on being part of the largest graduate student community on campus! we (your ev cas) have put together some helpful resources on this site, so be sure to browse the tabs! you can also visit the neighborhood pages for specific neighborhood events and resources.
feel free to reference the faqs or the links below for helpful graduate student resources. don't hesitate to reach out to a ca if you have any questions or concerns!
about ev
escondido village, often called "ev," is the largest graduate community on campus. studio, low-rise, mid-rise, and high-rise apartments are home to approximately 4,200 single graduate students and graduate students with a partner and/or children. it features 7 different housing styles: low-rise apartments, mid-rise apartment, high-rise apartments, studios, and the three separate housing districts escondido village graduate residences (evgr), donald kennedy graduate residences, and escondido village south.
information about the application process to stanford housing can be found here, and more information about escondido village itself can be found on the rd&e website.
map of ev residences
below is a map of all escondido village residence buildings. woodlands and oasis residences are spread out (with woodlands generally being north of escondido road, while oasis generally being south of it), and specific residences can be located using google maps.













    back to top
  









stanford

 
escondido village



        web login
      



address

r&de student housing
565 cowell lane
stanford, ca 94305
united states



housing front desks


searchable campus map


contact us






rd&e student housing






general resources


graduate life office


stanford people finder


marguerite bus live map




residents


fixit maintenance requests


dining hall menu


parking


locked out?





emergency resourcescampus phone: 9-911cellphone: 911palo alto dispatch: (650) 329-2413stanford hospital er: (650) 723-5111glo dean on call: (650) 723-7288     pager id: #25085








stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






