



open merchant account ltd is now infinite loop development ltd





























toggle navigation











home (current)
features
screenshot
gallery










+44-28-7122-6151
info@openmerchantaccount.com















open merchant account ltd
has rebranded to infinite loop development ltd
looking for our new website?
visit infiniteloop.ie














what makes us special?
 most developers will charge you twice the quoted price to develop both an ios and
                                android app.  we develop one app, then port it to multiple platforms at no extra cost.












									apple ios
									


									google android
									


									blackberry 10
									


									windows phone
									


									nook / kindle
									







apple ios
by far the most profitable app store, ideal for paid apps, and carries the street-cred that just cries, "you'll love this" 
										you can check out some of the apps we've published under our own brand here;
										on itunes.





google android
the most widely used app store, ideal for free apps, and has the largest audience.
										we develop android apps solely for third parties, and we'll list some links here soon.





blackberry 10
we are a blackberry silver enterprise partner, and developed a huge range of apps for blackberry, both
										for the blackberry 10 (qnx) os, and the older bbos platform. 
										you can check out our blackberry apps here: at blackberry appworld.
										we also operate an android to blackberry porting service  here.
										





windows phone
in 2013 we were the most prolific app developer for windows phone, and we developed hundreds of apps for windows 7, 8, and 8.1,
										we also develop for windows desktop, and we've won microsoft's apptivate in 2014, an international cross platform app development
										competition. you can check out our windows phone apps here





kindle / nook
amazon kindle fire and barnes & noble nook are two specialised ranges of android devices, and we also publish to these app stores
										to increase the range of customers for our android apps, you can check them out here;
										nook and 
										kindle
















back-end programming


yes we do that too.
every app has a back-end, which is a server or database that it connects to, 
                                    to share information between your company and your users, or between users themselves.
                                    we develop semi-exclusively on the .net platform, but guess what - i've written a book on that 
check out my book :)





















our latest projects
we run many different websites, each as a spin-off from our main business, some of them might
                                be of interest to your business.













petrucci sheet music is an app for viewing sheet music
                                        read more at petrucci.org.uk







regcheck is an app and associated api for viewing car registration details
                                        read more at regcheck.org.uk

























who are we anyway?


an irish app development company, trading since 2004
we've been developing apps since nokia symbian / palm webos, and we're keeping
                                   an eye on the next big thing - we're actively developing for tizen and firefox mobile too.
                                   
















email us at info@openmerchantaccount.com to get in touch.














say hi, get in touch









contact
twitter
support
developers
privacy















