




coaching science abstracts


  final issue
this fifth issue of volume 23 of the coaching science abstracts is the last to be published. the web site will remain posted by san diego state university until some undetermined future date. the publication marks 25 years of interesting but demanding academic work.
i would like to thank all those persons who have used this resource since its inception. i particularly want to recognize the support offered by the school of exercise and nutritional sciences, the college of professional studies, the college of health and human services, and the very helpful staff in academic computing at san diego state university. the resources and opportunities offered by those segments of the university made this free publication possible.
it has been my honor to serve the world-wide academic community in this manner.
brent s. rushall
june 2, 2018



products and services of sports science associates


free on line workshops and exercises
think and act like a champion
better coaching from better decisions
what to expect from coaches



free electronic books

rushall, b. s. (2017). sprint-usrpt: training for 50-m races.
rushall, b. s., & holt, l. e. (2018). training the hamstring muscles in intermittent-sprint sports: a primer for coaches on resistance-training, flexibility-training, and stretching.



electronic books

a swimming technique macrocycle 
swimming pedagogy and a curriculum for stroke development (second edition)
personal best: a swimmer's handbook for racing excellence
think and act like a champion
mental skills training for sports
momentum pitching: a scientific technique for all levels of pitching
usrpt for the masters swimmer





 three books covering the science of baseball pitching
 



coaching science abstracts
since december 1994
promoting evidence-based coaching content and procedures


written and produced by
brent s. rushall, phd, r.psy.(ret)
san diego state university


these abstracts interpret research articles for practicing coaches and others interested in applied sport science.  they are drawn from the personal files of professor rushall.  some dated articles are included because their content is still current.  most articles are interpreted for coaches of elite athletes and programs.  the contents are changed monthly and may or may not be thematic.  usually six issues per year will be provided.
reading coaching science abstracts is done in the traditional manner of web-browsing.  clicking the mouse on links will change content.  an issue of the journal is structured with the table of contents being the main page.  by clicking an article in the table of contents of   volume 23, issue 5, 
"drugs in sport 7", the journal will transfer directly to the abstracts. progress through a journal issue involves going forward and backward between the table of contents and selected articles.
for all previous volumes and issues of coaching science abstracts click here.  
all items in coaching science abstracts are copyrighted.  they may only be reproduced in single copies for individual use.  any multiple reproduction or reprinting in any media form is strictly prohibited.  for further information contact dr. rushall.
[editor's note: since my retirement from sdsu in 2004, abstracts included in this web site have increasingly come from the annual acsm conference. the scope of other reading sources has diminished. acsm contributions represent a wide variety of very recent works. often they go on to become published articles in formal journals. it is my belief that what is presented now on this web site remains a good cross-section of the current thinking on the many topics covered. the standards for inclusion of referenced works remain high because each is originally supervised by at least one acsm fellow and this editor retains high conservative standards for evaluating the scientific rigor of each abstract's origin. bsr]





click here to search coaching science abstracts




only email communications about this site can be sent to brentrushall@gmail.com. dr. rushall provides fee-based consultations through email and video/audio conferencing on the internet for all matters concerning coaching and sports.
 the  swimming science journal, and dr. rushall's  courses and specialized services are available, and can be accessed by clicking on these links. 
 the information in this journal represents that of brent s. rushall and not necessarily that of san diego state university.  brent s. rushall takes full responsibility for the content presented.  this work is supported in part by the college of health and human services and directly by sports science associates.








 
  




