







	petol™ — legendary reliability since 1927























close











home
products
product selector
custom gearing
media library
about us
warranty
terms of sale










clifton, texas, usa
1-254-675-8651
contact us






















menu














legendary
reliability
since 1927


expertiseforged by decades of experience
precision
dedicationtrusted to deliver what others cannot
ingenuity





legendaryreliabilitysince 1927




our products
from the first product manufactured nearly a century ago, petol™ has grown and developed over 40 product lines used globally across a range of vital industries. continually striving to set a standard for quality, petol has been iso9001 certified to the most current standard since 1995 and in 2004 also became an api spec 8c licensed manufacturer. today petol tools are produced using the latest innovations in applied engineering and manufacturing. browse our full line of products. 
try our new product selector 






legendaryreliabilitysince 1927




custom gearing
originally intended as a contingency plan to replace aging herringbone gear production equipment, an expansion project in 2014 has allowed petol to enter new gearing markets. using state-of-the-art equipment and software, petol is now able to manufacture more gear types than just herringbone, and serve not only the energy industry but also food processing, polymer production, recycling, aerospace and others. this achievement towards innovation fully aligns with our commitment of ensuring our capabilities meet and exceed the needs of our customers. learn more about our gearing capabilities and services. 






legendaryreliabilitysince 1927



petol™the legend lives on.
petol™ was founded in houston, texas in 1927. the first patented product, the gearench, 
			                was called the greatest utility wrench on the market. from the beginning the company has produced tools made with expertise and continues to design, manufacture and deliver reliable tools today.
quality drivenfrom the tools we make to the service we offerwe are petol™

                                    watch our 2020 video
                                


















clifton, texas, usa
1-254-675-8651 | contact us


© petol™powered by promit




















×
























