















department of english | villanova university
























skip to main content









visit / apply / give










x


visit / apply / give









main menu






about


university leadership


mission & ministry


diversity, equity and inclusion


fast facts




admissions


undergraduate


graduate and adult


law


financial aid




academics


why villanova


teacher-scholars


schools & colleges


institutes & centers


honors


education abroad


academic programs


academic calendar




research


research at villanova


center for research & fellowships


villanova institute for research & scholarship


research administration




libraries


falvey library


law library




campus life


student life


dining services


residence life


bookstore


public safety


health services


fitness & recreation




athletics


alumni


a powerful network


support villanova









in this sectionacademic programsadmissionsthe villanova experiencefaculty research & scholarshipabout the college




events

















x

search vu



















college of liberal arts and sciences
























college of liberal arts and sciences / academic programs / department of english













department of english









english at villanova offers undergraduate and graduate programs that prepare you to read deeply, think critically, write effectively and speak confidently.
in the villanova english department, you encounter both revered classics and celebrated recent work by writers coming from widely different experiences and points of view. in our classes, you hone your writing skills, sharpen your abilities to analyze complex texts, deepen your understanding of cultural and material history, and stimulate your imagination.
the abilities you develop prepare you for fields including consulting, journalism, marketing, law, education, banking, government, college administration, screenwriting and publishing, as well as continued studies in competitive master’s or doctorate programs. in addition, beyond the numerous clubs and publications affiliated with the department, we are excited to offer a variety of scholarships for our undergraduate students.
the heart of the discipline of english is the power of the written word to tell stories, communicate ideas, broaden perspectives and bring about change.




                    scholarship opportunities
            



  













department calendar



book talk by journalist frank barry, thursday, jan. 30th, 4:30-5:30 p.m., falvey library

bloomberg columnist frank barry will discuss his new book, back roads and better angels: a journey into the heart of american democracy.


 
check us out on the university calendar!












 






solidarity with black lives matter
members of the english faculty promote diversity, equity, and inclusion. you can find out more about our efforts here.













					  about us 








guiding principles


careers and english alumni


faculty and staff


research and scholarship


literary festival and signature events


awards













					  undergraduate programs 








undergraduate english program


major in english


minor in english


minor in creative writing


minor/concentration in writing and rhetoric













					  graduate programs 








graduate english program


ma in english


certificates













					  contact us 





villanova university
department of english
st. augustine center
room 402
department chair
professor heather hicks



phone: 610-519-4645
email: heather.hicks@villanova.edu







 follow the english department




















                    current student resources
            



why villanova english?



why villanova english?





careers through english



careers through english







                    alumni newsletter
            

















news & events










celebrating 75 years


							  the academic year 2023-2024 marked the 75th anniversary of the villanova english major, and we celebrated with a variety of special events.
							  
							      more...

 












 



careers in english


							  many disciplines lead you to one career, but english leads you to many possible careers. our recent graduates have become successful editors, investment bankers, lawyers, magazine writers, teachers, professors, novelists, and executives in advertising and public relations, among many other rewarding and prestigious fields. at a recent "careers in publishing" panel, pictured here, villanova alumni discussed their work in this field.
							  
							      more...

 












 



literary festival


							  the 27th annual villanova literary festival will begin in february and run through april. you can see the full lineup and learn more about the authors on our literary festival and special events page.
							  
							      more...

 












 



get involved!


							  the vu english department supports ellipsis literary magazine and the villanova poetry society. find out about their events and publications!
							  
							      more...

 












 






















                    support the department
            













education with impact


 
an education in the liberal arts and sciences promotes intellectual curiosity and rigor; instills the fundamentals of critical insight, mature judgment and independent thinking; and strengthens students’ sense of their moral responsibility for others and for the betterment of society.





























connect with vu














  800 e. lancaster ave. villanova, pa 19085
			
 contact us 610-519-4500





quick links

privacy & security
notice of non-discrimination
higher education act
accessibility
my nova
directory
work at villanova


©1990 -  villanova university. all rights reserved.
					













