


rio rondo enterprises — model horse tack supplies





























products


kits


bits


buckles


hardware


decorated


iberian


arabian




pricelists


bijoux & sm


1/6 - action scale


supplies


leather


tools


books


specials



order forms


shopping cart

 close this   
× 











model horsetackmaking supplies& resin editions







the most exclusive collection of miniature itemsfor model horses in the world




from bits to saddle kits, corner plates to stirrups, we offer a wide selection of supplies you can use to make miniature saddles, bridles and other horse tack. our products are sized to fit scale model horses such as peter stone™, breyer®, collecta® schleich®, marx thunderbolt and other similar sized brands.







need a gift certificate?



product index
all of our products and information pages are listed here



secure 
online ordering
place your order online now!

paypal ordering info


















removable glue dots® squares for bits

these small, thin, removable glue dot "squares" work beautifully to temporarily attach bit shanks to your model. easy to use, easy to hide from view, easy to remove.... and they leave no residue! use them almost anywhere you would use tacky wax.


western show halter sets
full sets of deco plates and hardware pieces to create the ultimate mini show halter for your models. 10 designs in traditional (1:9) scale, and 2 designs in classic (1:12).
all new styles, in stock and ready to ship!











resin western stirrups
new resin stirrups are easily painted to create a wood-like finish. use a painted set with a "tread cover", or don't paint them, and cover the stirrups in leather instead.

available in a basic western stirrup design and us cavalry style in trad. and action (1:6) scales.






new tutorials!
we've added a few new tutorials on making buckle strap keepers from leftover etched frame parts, as well as from leather. more tutorials are in the works.








"bijoux" items for small scale models 
(for schleich, collecta, safari ltd., stablemate, etc.)







carbide scrapers
the best prepping tools for resin cast horses







currently available resin-cast models



victrix - valor - veronka - knightly cadence - matriarch - weanlings






painted copies of our resin editions
numerous artists represented for your viewing enjoyment!











scale miniature model horse tack
crafted by various artisans












yearning for 1/6 scale?
a cavalry bit perhaps? action figures such as johnny west, gi joe, etc.
looking to buy/sell/trade models and related items?
take a look at the model horse $ales pages website.

beau cheveaux creationschris nandell's website
gary's websiteno tellin' what you'll find here!



















