     ford dealer in austin, tx | used cars austin | covert ford                                








                                    
  


















covert ford







11514 research blvd, austin, tx 78759 | open today! 8:00am - 8:00pm


sales
512-345-4343




service
512-345-6070


parts
512-345-4343









service







map







contact






















      call 512-345-4343   directions    

            home   new   search inventory   model lineup   new trucks   new suvs   new cars   evs and hybrids   schedule test drive   ford austin en espanol   value your trade   ford fleet sales in austin   new e-transit vans   custom factory order     custom order   custom order   model showroom   pide a la medida tu próximo ford     used   search inventory   vehicles under 25k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   find my car   certified pre-owned overview   value your trade     specials   new specials     service & parts   ford collision   austin mobile vehicle repair   schedule service   service department   service & parts specials   covert collision center   tires   general service   shop ford parts   fordpass   ford accessories     finance   finance department   payment calculator   get pre-approved   value your trade   obtenga la preaprobación   ford protect     about us   our dealership   contact us   careers   meet our staff   why buy from covert ford?   hours & directions   covert ford media   our blog   electric vehicle charging station     research   austin new ford bronco   austin new ford expedition   austin new ford explorer   austin new ford f-150 overview   austin new ford maverick   austin new ford mustang   2024 ford mustang   austin new ford escape overview   best used cars for sale in austin     en espanol                   home   new   search inventory   model lineup   new trucks   new suvs   new cars   evs and hybrids   schedule test drive   ford austin en espanol   value your trade   ford fleet sales in austin   new e-transit vans   custom factory order     custom order   custom order   model showroom   pide a la medida tu próximo ford     used   search inventory   vehicles under 25k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   find my car   certified pre-owned overview   value your trade     specials   new specials     service & parts   ford collision   austin mobile vehicle repair   schedule service   service department   service & parts specials   covert collision center   tires   general service   shop ford parts   fordpass   ford accessories     finance   finance department   payment calculator   get pre-approved   value your trade   obtenga la preaprobación   ford protect     about us   our dealership   contact us   careers   meet our staff   why buy from covert ford?   hours & directions   covert ford media   our blog   electric vehicle charging station     research   austin new ford bronco   austin new ford expedition   austin new ford explorer   austin new ford f-150 overview   austin new ford maverick   austin new ford mustang   2024 ford mustang   austin new ford escape overview   best used cars for sale in austin     en espanol                










     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         






                                          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                     








finance
get pre-approved










schedule service
schedule now





      search new inventory     search used inventory        



a vehicle for every lifestyle
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





f-150





super duty





bronco sport





explorer





expedition





escape





ranger





edge





mustang





mach-e





transit





transit connect




explore all new inventory



     







custom order a vehicle
your custom vehicle is a click away.
you shouldn’t have to settle. custom order any of these vehicles and choose the available features that fit your life. if you’re looking for something else, we offer convenient, dealer-direct custom ordering.


start a custom order







     







f-150 lightning
f-series is america's best-selling truck for 45 years* for a reason. and now, it's charging into the future with the all-new, all-electric 2024 ford f-150 lightning. it's the first ever f-series that's gas-free and offers more purposeful technology, an elevated driving experience, and trusted built ford tough capability.


view inventory







      






covert ford
ford dealer in austin, tx
covert ford is proud to have served austin and the greater central texas region since 1909 and counting. we value your business and hope to earn your business. come experience the covert difference.
more about us




 
      
visit us

 11514 research blvd, austin 78759






    sales hours          monday 8:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 8:00pm    friday 8:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 7:00pm    sunday closed         service hours          monday 7:00am - 6:30pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:30pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:30pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:30pm    friday 7:00am - 6:30pm    saturday 7:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours          monday 7:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 3:00pm    sunday closed        

     


follow us on social media


                                 

     
     

covert ford of austin
covert ford was originally founded by frank m. covert in 1909, and has been proudly serving austin, texas, and the surrounding areas for over 100 years. we have been recognized as one of austin's leading ford dealerships for as long as anyone can remember due to our award-winning customer experience, one of the largest vehicle inventories in the area, and our friendly and knowledgeable sales staff.


introducing covert ford, your local ford dealership
welcome to covert ford— your local ford dealership for austin and the surrounding area. we proudly offer a wide selection of brand-new fords for you to choose from, as well as fully-equipped used cars for those looking for great deals. our knowledgeable staff works to provide optimal customer service for anyone who walks through the door, no matter the reason for their visit. whether you’re looking for a powerful sports car, reliable family car, or a heavy-duty work truck, covert ford is ready to get you behind the wheel of your perfect vehicle. stop in today and let us show you how easy it is to be part of the ford family!

our commitment to service excellence
at our ford dealership in austin, we are devoted to providing customers with the highest level of service excellence. from the moment you walk into our showroom, we strive to make your car buying experience stress-free and enjoyable. our knowledgeable sales staff is eager to help you find the perfect vehicle that suits your lifestyle and budget. we have a wide selection of ford models available and are confident you will find one that meets all your needs and vehicle financing options. we look forward to earning your trust and long-term loyalty through our commitment to exceptional service.

what sets us apart from other dealerships
customer satisfaction is our top priority here at covert ford. this is why we are committed to providing each customer with an unbeatable level of service and support. we understand how important a quality car-buying experience is and make sure to exceed expectations by offering expertise that is second to none. our sales specialists are dedicated to finding the perfect vehicle for you, no matter your budget or needs, and making the process as stress-free as possible. we also go above and beyond with our after sales services, ensuring that any vehicle maintenance or repairs are addressed rapidly and efficiently. our team strives to provide the greatest customer experience possible in order to earn your trust and loyalty. it’s this commitment to excellence that sets us apart from other dealerships.

the president's award
our ford dealership has been a superb provider of excellent customer service for decades. this steadfast commitment to excellence has been honored with multiple president's awards, which stands as testament to the dealership's accomplishments in upholding their standard of quality. customers have come to expect nothing less than outstanding treatment. our ford dealership is a prime example of what dedication and hard work can achieve.

our extensive range of new and pre-owned vehicles
we have a wide range of new vehicles, from pickup trucks to crossovers. we know our customers require not only quality but great value for money and that's why our selection of pre-owned vehicles are dependable and carefully inspected for quality assurance. plus, you can also rest assured that all of our new vehicles come with a full warranty and available maintenance plans – so you can be sure you have the best of both worlds when it comes to value and service.

expert automotive service center with certified technicians
you will receive the highest quality automotive services provided by highly trained and factory certified service technicians. we offer a wide range of services, including preventative maintenance, diagnostics, and repairs, designed to ensure that your vehicle operates at its peak performance level. our team works hard to ensure that your time spent with us is convenient, efficient, and cost-effective. with each service appointment, you can rest assured knowing that your automobile is in good hands. our years of experience have ensured that we have the experience necessary to keep your car running optimally.

commercial vehicles
ford is nationally recognized for its commitment to dependable, durable commercial vehicles. for businesses that need fleet vehicles or require occasional business transportation solutions, we offer heavy-duty trucks and commercial vans that are built to last. businesses can select from a wide variety of engine, frame size, and capability specs in order to find the perfect automobile for their specific needs. each vehicle is designed with modern safety features and industry leading capabilities so businesses can transport cargo with confidence. whether you are looking for a passenger van, cargo hauler, or capacious truck, we have the right commercial solution for your business’s individual needs.

with over 100 years of experience in the automotive industry and a commitment to excellence in customer service, covert ford is the perfect choice for your next car purchase.
for more than a century, covert ford has been at the forefront of the automotive industry, providing high-quality vehicles and exemplary customer service to austin drivers. with an extensive range of new and pre-owned vehicles, world-class safety ratings and cutting-edge technology, our dealership stands out among its peers by staying ahead of trends and offering innovative solutions. regardless of whether you need basic maintenance or are looking to buy a car, covert ford is dedicated to providing each customer with the personalized care they deserve and ensuring a pleasant, hassle-free experience every step of the way.

    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures covert ford | 11514 research blvd, austin, tx 78759 | sales: 512-345-4343 |          contact us at 512-345-4343 or email at covertfordinfo@covertauto.com | © %(year) covert ford. all rights reserved. serving the communities of austin, cedar park, and pflugerville.      






























                    