









california certification for interior design | ccidc








































































 
 








skip to content













 consumersconsumer informationanswers and basics for consumersverify certificationhire a local cidenforcement actionssmall claims guidefile a complaintcandidateshow to become a cidapply hereidex® california exam informationidex california study guideforeign transcript evaluationstudent brochurepayment information and refund policyccidc administrative rules & regulationsccidc bylawscidssenator craven’s lettercertified interior designer commercial designationcontinuing education (ceu) policycontinuing education (ceu) coursespayment information and refund policycode of ethicsdesign limitationsplan check denial formusing the title interior architect is illegalerrors and omissions insurancecid employment opportunitiescid information bindercertification reactivationcid satisfaction surveyabout usabout usgeneral informationschedule a ccidc presentationcalendarccidc board meetingsccidc board of directorsccidc youtube channelfaqresourceslegislationinterior design schools californiascholarshipsarchitectsq&a brochure for building officialsbuilding designersbuilding officialsdesign organizationsindustry partnersca building codeslegislative coalitionscontact uslogin 


search for:








 














homeccidc, inc.2025-02-13t13:16:41-08:00 
california council for interior design certificationccidc – the california council for interior design certification, administers the certified interior designer title act to protect the health, safety and welfare of consumers by establishing and implementing professional standards and educational requirements, ensuring competence through examination, and compliance with professional standards and our code of ethics.
the california certified interior designer’s title act | california business and professions code, section 5800 – 5812.
accepting applications for the ccidc board of directorseligibility for board of directors
section 3.02.  any person, as defined in section 5065 of ccidc, inc.’s code, is eligible to be a director of ccidc, inc., except that, in the case of a natural person, such person shall not be eligible for director unless over the age of eighteen (18) years.
qualification of the board of directors
section 3.03.  any person eligible for the board of directors under article iii of these by-laws is qualified for the board of directors only after such a person has satisfied that, if such person be a corporation, that the corporation is in good standing; and that if such person be a natural person, that such person is of good moral character and in sympathy with the objectives of ccidc, inc. all directors shall be residents of california.  except for the public directors, all directors must further be qualified as certified interior designers (cids) as provided in article ii of these by-laws.
available board positions:
hospitality director
public director
apply hereapplicants to be approved at the june 7, 2025 annual board meeting
quick linksboard meetingsccidc calendarbecome a cidgeneral info.faqverify certification
verify if your designer is a certified interior designer (cid) and their credentials here.
enforcement actions
view enforcement actions taken by the board here.
hire a certified interior designer
find a cid in your area here.
debunking false information
q: does california have “self” or “private” certification for interior design?
a: no! since 1991 california has had a title act, written into the california business & professions code. 
q: is ccidc a private company?
ccidc is the non-profit board that administers the certified interior designer title act; with governmental oversight from the joint sunset review committee. ccidc, like other state and certification boards, is required to go through the sunset review process.
q: do cids have permitting privileges?
a: by law, certified interior designers can stamp and submit non-structural/non-seismic plans for review.
q: why do i keep seeing that california has “self” or “private” certification and no permitting privileges?
a: ccidc makes every attempt to educate cids/affiliates/the public and curb the spread of this disinformation.
you earned the title cid…
now use it!
earning the title certified interior designer (cid) is a huge accomplishment!

always use your title, it’s up to cids to use their title, not only as a marketing tool, cids promote the protection of the health, safety and welfare of the public.
what you need to know about using your title:

you have been conferred with the title certified interior designer or cid, the only title for interior designers recognized by the state of california, as written into law (california business and professions code, section 5800 – 5812).
you are not a ccidc nor a member of ccidc. ccidc is the organization the administers the certified interior designer title act in california, not a membership organization or club.
you are a certified interior designer in california, you may add “in the state of california” or “california” after your certification number.
you can add the initials of any professional interior design organization (aia, asid, ids, ifda, iida, nkba, etc.) you are a member of after your cid appellation/number.
under california law, through the certified interior designer title act (ca bpc 5812) it is unfair business practice and a misdemeanor to use the title certified interior designer or “cid” unless you have complied with the requirements of the law and are a cid in good standing.

correct title uses:

your name, certified interior designer
your name, certified interior designer #00000
your name, cid
your name, cid #00000

spread the word!
#imacid

market yourself as a cid, you’ve earned it!
cids have the 4e‘s (per state guidelines)

education (minimum of 40 core units)
experience (2-8 years minimum)
examination  (idex® california, the only interior design exam that tests on california codes and regulations)
ethics (cids are held to a strict code of ethics.) 


in other words, cids have achieved the highest level of recognition for the interior design profession in california!

want to make a difference in the interior design profession?
here are some ways you can get involved and be a positive change for the interior design profession in california.
uniform plan submission committee
this committee brings together cids and industry stakeholders, to work cohesively to improve the ability for certified interior designers to submit non-structural/non-seismic plans, to building departments, in areas such as los angeles, san jose & san francisco without immediate requests for an architect’s stamp. when this committee resumes meeting, it meets quarterly on the second tuesday of the month from 4-6pm pacific time.
if you are interested in joining this committee, please apply here
to participate in the meeting, please fill out a committee application and register here in advance, for the meeting.
uniform plan submission committee meeting date: meetings to resume at a later date | tbd
uniform plan submission committee meeting agenda to be posted when meetings resume

ccidc marketing committee
the purpose of this committee is to work with the staff to create, communicate, deliver, and exchange offerings that spread the mission and name of ccidc, inc. to the design professionals, students and the public. the marketing committee meets quarterly via zoom, the 1st friday of the month 3-5pm pacific time.
to join the marketing committee: apply here
to register for the marketing committee zoom meeting: register here
ccidc marketing committee meeting date: next meeting: may 2, 2025.
marketing committee meeting agenda
interior design education committee
the interior design education committee creates and reviews interior design education strategies and works with educators to see them through to completion. the interior design education committee will ensure activities effectively develops the education requirements used to promote the interior design profession as well as ccidc’s mission.
to join this committee apply here
to participate in the meeting, please fill out a committee application and register here in advance, for the meeting.
interior design education committee meeting date: next meeting: may 8, 2025.
      the interior design education committee meetings will be held quarterly, on the second thursday of the month, from 3-5pm pacific time
interior design education committee meeting agenda
all meetings are open to the publicidex® california examccidc accepts application 365 days per year
apply today for the spring 2025 idex® exam!

application packets are due on or before march 1st  for the spring idex® exam!
retest fees are also due on or before march 1st to retake the idex® exam in the spring.
application packets are due on or before august 1st  for the fall idex® exam!
retest fees are also due on or before august 1st to retake the idex® exam in the fall.

apply today!the idex® california exam
a comprehensive interior design exam:

only interior design exam that tests on california codes
current codes/regulations
11 domains covering both commercial and residential design

california codes & regulations

occupancy classification
types of construction
fire protection requirements
means of egress
accessibility
building systems
miscellaneous code provisions


business practices & ethics

legal requirements and responsibilities
professional practice
ethics
administration


design standards

design standards
interior finishes




code related questions created with the international codes council (icc)
free study guide available!

state of california resources




 
 











 
 
 





		copyright 2024 ccidc, inc. | all rights reserved | powered by wordpress | address: 365 w second ave, suite 221, escondido, ca, 92025 usa | privacy policy | terms and conditions 

 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area














 
 
page load link







notice: to login to your application | cid account click the login link then select "login with username and password" dismiss 
















































































































go to top




