




academy of the sacred heart — st. charles, missouri




academy of the sacred heart – we educate and inspire the heart and mind of each child.





































 



































































































 

search 




news ↴

news archive
from the heart


about ↴

strategic plan 2024–2029
our mission & vision
our goals
our history
faculty and staff directory
accreditation
contact us
board of trustees and committees


admissions ↴

admissions
affordable customized tuition program (act)
middle school scholarships
marketing toolkit


academics ↴

our program
primary school
lower school
middle school
before and after school care


giving ↴

online giving
march for the heart
other ways to give
gift shop
mister stitcher ash spirit shop
silver tea gifts for faculty and staff


events ↴

school calendar
volunteer opportunities
the academy classic golf tournament
chemin de fer
country fair
trivia night
mothers’ club
fathers’ club


alumni ↴

alumni home
march for the heart
college update form
graduates’ gallery
submit testimonial
update contact information


more ↴

the archives
shrine of st. rose philippine duchesne
network of sacred heart schools
employment opportunities
summer at the academy


portals ↴

parent portal
student portal
faculty portal
board portal
advancement portal
webmail login

















				  your browser does not support the video tag.
				





why the academy?
the academy of the sacred heart is an independent catholic school open to 3-year-old through 8th grade children of all faiths. our program offers students the opportunity to learn and grow in a safe and happy environment, with a focus on building strong academic skills while fostering independent learning and communication. curriculum highlights include: two science labs, a makerspace, 1:1 computing, french and spanish, daily physical education, and recognized art, music and athletic programs.
founded in 1818 by st. philippine duchesne, the academy was the first of many sacred heart schools established in the united states. our mission is to educate and inspire the heart and mind of each child to become a courageous and confident leader who knows and loves god, and who reveals that love by serving others. our graduates are young men and women well prepared for the challenges of high school, college, and beyond.
visit our admissions page for more information.












						news
					






summer at the academy

january 24, 2025




join us for summer camps at the academy! from five weeks of themed-fun for little ones to st. louis ambush soccer camp to camp invention and showtime! presents, there’s something for everyone. all are welcome!
for more information and to sign up, click here.






ash featured on fox 2

january 14, 2025




“the academy of the sacred heart truly does feel like home. the small class sizes, the love from the teachers can be felt throughout the entire school,” says chelsea haynes, fox 2 news.
we are grateful to ms. haynes for spending time meeting students, learning about our history and discovering more about our academic program! to watch her school spotlight segment, click here.
 






sophie’s birthday

december 12, 2024




today we celebrate the birthday of society of the sacred heart foundress st. madeleine sophie barat! born on december 12, 1779, in joigny, france, madeleine sophie led a life of vision and ministry. here is how sophie inspires us today to live out the five goals of a sacred heart education by her lifelong example.
 






breakfast with santa

november 18, 2024




breakfast with santa is the perfect way to kick off the holiday season with joy and excitement! sunday, december 8, 2024 from 10:30 a.m. – 12:30 p.m. advanced tickets are $15 per-parent and per-child, children age 2 and under enter for free.
click here to sign up.






kansas city alum gathering

november 7, 2024




we are excited to connect with academy alums in the kansas city area on saturday, nov. 16! join tim horner, head of school, and sharon mitsler, director of alumni, for some sacred heart camaraderie and connect with other alums in kansas city. appetizers will be provided.
read more and rsvp here ⟶














community voices
	
		from the heart
	







february 13, 2025



february 13, 2025


last friday, academy eighth class students presented to the board of trustees. they shared their responses to the prompt, “what do connections through one heart mean to me?” network of sacred heart school students in grades 7-12 were invited to write an essay for the jeanne burke o’fallon essay contest for the upcoming associated alumnae/i of the sacred heart (aash) 45th national conference. the contest is named in honor of mrs. o’fallon ’69, who was the longtime director of the national aash office in st. louis.
below are some excerpts from their essays.
 










						school calendar
					









						upcoming events					






			feb		

			18		








		all day	



		spirit day	










			feb		

			18		








8:15 am - 9:30 am 



recurring







		philippine’s playgroup	










			feb		

			28		








		all day	



		student-led parent-teacher conferences	










			mar		

			1		








		all day	



		march for the heart alumni and family giving challenge	










			mar		

			4		








		all day	



		mardi gras parties (5-8)	









		view calendar	





 





the goals of sacred heart education



faith
						a personal and active faith in god.



intellect
						a deep respect for intellectual values.



service
						a social awareness which impels to action.
					



community
						the building of community as a christian value.



growth
						personal growth in an atmosphere of wise freedom.













ash1818.org • (636) 946-6127

		619 north second streetst. charles, missouri

we educate and inspire the heart and mind of each child.	
business fax: (636) 226-0900 • medical fax: (636) 226-0910 • contact us






















admissions
giving
faculty and staff directory
employment opportunities
alumni news



contact web administrator
privacy policy
wordpress
underscores.me









 







































