


seti@home: search for extraterrestrial intelligence at home














seti@home is a scientific experiment that
uses internet-connected computers
in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence (seti).
you can participate by running a free program that
downloads and analyzes radio telescope data.








on december 15, 2005, after 6 years of operation,
classic seti@home sent out its last workunit.  on december 22,
we stopped receiving results. 
the current seti@home project
is up and running. please join us!
the new software uses the 
boinc distributed computing platform,
which enables your computer to work on other scientific endeavors 
like seti@home if you wish. we could all use your cpu cycles!
it's easy to switch over - just follow the instructions on
the new seti@home web site.
we hope to see everyone there!

after the last result is received, the stats for this project will be frozen
but will continue to be available on the web. it may take several
weeks to clean everything up and syncronize the classic stats
with the current seti@home project.

thanks to all original seti@home participants for their
tremendous dedication to the project.
you made seti@home into something of lasting significance.





 software & operations

 user of the day  


news



 june 21, 2005 

we turned off the ability to create new seti@home classic accounts.
all new users should download and use the
boinc version of seti@home instead.

 may 8, 2005 

our data server internet link is back up. it was offline for over 24 hours
so the data server may drop connections as it tries to catch up.

 april 25, 2005 

in memoriam: 
philip morrison.

 march 22, 2005 

we're now fully back on-line. more information about recent outages can be found in
technical news (on
the new seti@home page).

 march 21, 2005 

our internet link through cogent went down at around
midnight utc on march 18/19.  it is still being looked at by cogent.
in the meantime, data service (upload/download) is unavailable.
we do not yet have a projected time to fix - it could be a couple
of days. 

 march 12, 2005 

official seti@home certificate frames
are now available!

 march 9, 2005 

star trek is going off the air!
read
here how star trek helped launch seti@home.

 march 9, 2005 

power outage update: we are back up and running
full time, and we have enough battery backup
in place to keep our servers running 24/7 until the
power problems are diagnosed and fixed. 

 february 28, 2005 

around 18:00 utc we had another unexpected lab-wide power outage.
we are survey the damage and slowly bringing up various systems
one by one.

 february 24, 2005 

update (21:00 utc):
the database/data servers are mostly back on line and catching up
from the long outage.
yesterday afternoon a breaker blew and power for the entire lab went down.
we came back on-line three hours later, but due to 
servers shutting down ungracefully we had to check every table
in every database. this process took all evening and continued well into
the next morning.

 february 22, 2005 

check out the new
certificate of computation (available for classic as well as boinc users).

 february 7, 2005 

famed biologist ernst mayr is dead at 100. read his
celebrated
debate with carl sagan on the prospects of seti.

 january 10, 2005 

because of nearby building construction there was an extended power outage last night,
during which all of our machines were turned off. everything is back up now.

 december 9, 2004 

seti@home director david anderson is interviewed on
planetary radio.

 november 24, 2004 

read the planetary society's update on
ibm's wcg project.

 november 21, 2004 

roelof j. engelbrecht,
a long-time seti@home supporter and author of the
seti spy utility,
passed away on nov. 16.
honor him by crunching for the broadbandreports.com
honor guard account.

 september 21, 2004 

listen to an 
interview
with seti@home's dan werthimer on the planetary society's 'planetary radio.'

 september 19, 2004 

early this morning campus got a call from sans that our web site (this page)
appeared to be hijacked.  at that point campus (rightly so) blocked access
to our site at the campus router.  as it turns out though, we were not
hijacked at all.  our nightly front page regen script had malfunctioned and
produced a truncated page.  this is now fixed.

 september 2, 2004 

reports of seti@home extraterrestrial signal highly exaggerated:
a new article from the planetary society.

climateprediction.net,
another boinc-based project, is now open.
we urge all seti@home to consider participating in
climateprediction.net.
this will keep your computer busy (and earning credit)
even when seti@home has no work available.

 august 25, 2004 

two new stories from the planetary society:
scientists from different fields line up to join the boinc family
and 
seti@home's new look.

 august 24, 2004 

here's a recent interview with chief scientist 
dan werthimer at
astroseti.org.

 august 2, 2004 

check out the new planetary society newsletter:
multi-beam receiver promises new vistas for seti research.


older news

download seti@home
add-ons
server status
technical news (on the new seti@home page)

 
you can see the current user of the day
on the new seti@home site.


 science

 user zone


current progress
learn about seti@home
science newsletters
signal candidates (new)
science links



user account - user profiles - teams
seti@home poll
users grouped by signup date

anniversaries: 2005 2004 2003 2002certificate of appreciation 


 help & information

 statistics




  search tips
faq (frequently asked questions)
problems and help

seti@home message boards





current total statistics
individual user statistics
group statistics
country statistics


 how you can help

other resources


join the planetary society 
donate to seti@home
become a corporate sponsor



international pages
chat and message boards
seti@home bookstore (new)



 user submissions & entertainment

 about the project


links to user and group pages
user submissions
the lighter side of seti


personnel and plan
photo gallery
future directions






   sponsors and acknowledgements

if you'd like to become one of seti@home's
supporters,
please click here. 
donations are fully tax deductible. 

corporations may become corporate sponsors of seti@home
with a minimum $10k (or equivalent in-kind) donation.
we are also interested in corporate participants
willing to run seti@home on their pcs.
for more info, click here.

sponsors of seti@home include:



key sponsors



the planetary society



the university of california digital media innovation program




sun microsystems



the friends of seti@home(people like you) !


major sponsors



nvidia



snap appliance




network appliance, inc.



fuji film computer products




quantum corporation



xilinx


sponsors



the seti institute



netscreen




hewlett-packard



o'reilly & associates




science search



ranardo

 yes car credit car finance & loansoutsourcing data entry services in indiaoutsourcing bpo serviceslegal jobs, law jobs, attorney jobs 
thanks also to starwave, who sponsored the scientific feasibility study.



copyright ©2003 seti@home



http://setiboinc.ssl.berkeley.edu/sah_cgi/cgi



