









southwest paddler































set as your home page
southwest paddler

























watch for the opening of the on-line store in 2013, bringing you the gear and apparel you need for outdoor recreation activities.a clean environment is important for enjoyment of nature. below are links to current environmental action projects. please submit information for other activities so that they can be promoted here. additional info can be found here.2017 river cleanups
jan 30 - illinois (ar)
feb  - mulberry (ar)
feb  - middle fork white (ar)
mar 4 - san marcos (tx)
mar  - colorado river (tx)
apr 1 - brazos (tx)
apr  - east fork white (ar)
may 6 - medina (tx)
may 6 - poke bayou (ar)
may 28 - crooked creek (ar)
jul 22 - upper guadalupe (tx)
jul  - gunnison (co)
aug  - colorado (co)
aug 6 - colorado (co)
sep  - frio (tx)
sep  - trinity (tx)
sep  - lower guad/comal (tx)
oct  - west fork trinity (tx)
trpa cleanupsbuy, sell and trade boats and gear on southwest paddler message board

this quarter's article is about how training alone will not always suffice when something happens that is not expected. being prepared means also being prepared for that unforeseen. read the articleeach month, one river will be featured to highlight its attraction as a destination for outdoor recreation enthusiasts. this month's featured river is texas' paluxy river between baker's crossing in hood county and heritage park in glen rose. click here to read about this month's special river.turner bend on arkansas's national wild and scenic mulberry river is an ideal outfitter for trips on up to class iii whitewater. located deep in the ozark national forest on state highway 23 at the mulberry river near the town of ozark, turner bend offers riverside camping, a group camping area, cabin rentals, canoe, kayak and raft rentals, shuttle services, a full service camp store, on-line shopping and an experienced, friendly staff to make your visit special in every way. you can fill your tank and your stomach at the same time at turner bend - the gateway to the mulberry river.   click here to advertisecomments? suggestions? errors on website? contact the webmaster





this web site safe for viewing by children of all ages 


copyright statement and privacy policy
copyright © 1997-2025, marc w. mccord dba cobragraphics. all rights reserved. southwest paddler, cobragraphics and canoeman river guide services are exclusive tradenames and trademarks of marc w. mccord dba cobragraphics. the textual, graphic, audio, and audio/visual material in this site is protected by united states copyright law and international treaties. you may not copy, distribute, or use these materials except for your personal, non-commercial use. any trademarks are the property of their respective owners. all original photographs on this web site are the exclusive property of marc w. mccord or other designated photographers and may not be copied, duplicated, reproduced, distributed or used in any manner without prior written permission under penalty of us and international laws and treaties.
this web page designed, created and maintained bymarc w. mccord dba cobragraphics © march 10, 1997. all rights reserved.last updated january 27, 2025this web site ideally viewed in 1024 x 786 or higher resolutionusing msie v5.01 or later set to "smaller" fonts
this web site does not collect information from visitors. confidential information, including e-mail addresses gathered from received e-mail, is not given, sold or otherwise distributed to any third party at any time for any reason. southwest paddler and cobragraphics recognize the importance of privacy and will never violate visitor trust by providing any information that it may have about visitors with any other person, company or entity whatsoever except upon the prior express written consent of that visitor.
i would like to gratefully acknowledge many friends and fellow paddlers who, over the years, have made direct or indirect contributions to my knowledge about paddling and the rivers where we play. this acknowledgement is not complete, and i apologize to anybody whose name is omitted, but who deserves credit. darin bird, jerry johnson, ken "hollywood" lock, wendall lyons, perry humphrey, tom goynes, lee deviney, dwayne tegrutenhaus, john vanness, ben and cindy fruehauf, steve king, tony smith, bob narramore, charles edwards, rich grayson, tom jenkins and william baldwin.

