




















medieval text manuscripts : medieval text manuscripts


























navigation show/hide








home


manuscripts


advanced search


blog


catalogues


media


curatorial services


our services


manuscripts in the curriculum




contact








textmanuscripts - les enluminures

















introduction
every medieval manuscript was made and decorated by hand for a particular purpose at a certain moment in history. to hold and to turn the pages of a manuscript is to touch hands directly with medieval europe. nearly everything we know about the early history of language, literature, the bible, poetry, music, art, family life, medicine, travel, science, religion, philosophy, and piety comes to us through manuscripts and cannot be studied without them. the number of medieval manuscripts remaining in private hands gets fewer and fewer every year, and those that remain become more valuable and more keenly sought after.
les enluminures offers the largest and most wide-ranging inventory of text manuscripts currently on the market. the archive of the site alone numbers nearly 1,000 sold items. we have the largest and best qualified staff among dealers, from some of the greatest universities, and are represented in america, europe, and britain. we welcome inquiries from serious collectors and libraries, as well as from anyone who delights in experiencing and knowing about the european middle ages, at any level.
our program:  manuscripts in the curriculum
 
















discover our tm site

intro video










discover our program

manuscripts in the curriculum










www.lesenluminures.com

click here



news & events








text manuscripts fall update
33 new manuscripts online
click here











a series of short videos bringing each manuscript more fully to life.
view our videos






































register for our newsletter





name



e-mail



e-mail





send







paris
les enluminures
1, rue jean-jacques rousseau
75001 paris
tel: (33) 1 42 60 15 58
info@lesenluminures.com




new york
les enluminures
23 east 73rd street
7th floor
new york, ny 10021
tel: (212) 717 7273
newyork@lesenluminures.com




chicago
les enluminures, ltd.
one magnificent mile
980 north michigan ave., suite 1330
chicago il 60611
tel: (773) 929 5986
chicago@lesenluminures.com









































webdesign and realization by mediafant and muriel luzot

















