




home | loughborough university

































































skip to content


skip to primary global navigation


skip to secondary global navigation


skip to site navigation









loughborough university


toggle global mobile menu



toggle global search






search





go




choose a location to search


all



undergraduate courses



master's degrees



phd opportunities








students


staff


alumni


jobs






study


research and innovation


sport


news and events


about













home



















university home






















loughborough university
sports university of the year
we’re proud to be named sports university of the year for the fourth time by the times and sunday times good university guide 2025.

find out why











search courses







go













      undergraduate study
    

      we have a fantastic range of undergraduate courses to choose from. browse our courses for 2025 entry and explore what loughborough has to offer.
    












      postgraduate study
    

      enhance your knowledge, expand your skills and advance your career with a postgraduate degree from loughborough.
    
















        empowering the planet
        



our ongoing use of fossil fuels poses a major threat to our planet, impacting the climate and environment as well as the health of people and wildlife globally. we are leading the movement towards a safer, sustainable future for our world.











building digital communities
at loughborough university, we are working towards a more equitable future for humanity where the power of artificial intelligence (ai) technology is harnessed to combat inequity and drive common prosperity. find out how.















creating inclusive communities
at loughborough university, we’re taking the steps needed to define and improve living standards, for everyone. find out how.















building better humans
our research explores how sport impacts human health and wellbeing, advances sport technologies, and underpins a range of policies that safeguard everyone participating in a sport.















curtain – therapeutic creativity
using reminiscence theatre to encourage older people to rediscover their love of food and enjoy better health. a new project is looking at a novel way to encourage eating among elderly care-home residents.















what can't loughborough wait for? 
our vice-chancellor professor nick jennings on how loughborough is working towards a cleaner, healthier, fairer world. and how if you study, work or partner with loughborough, you'll be joining us in the pursuit of better.















50 years of litter on skye
the tranquil beach on the isle of skye where 1 square metre of sand holds 1,000 pieces of litter















fighting bacteria with nanoscale technology
our materials experts are developing films with enhanced antimicrobial properties – helping to combat mrsa infections in healthcare settings















how digital waste is polluting the planet
digital waste is a growing problem, with organisations collecting and storing more data than ever before. what is the environmental cost of dark, redundant, obsolete, or trivial data, and how can organisations reduce their digital waste footprint?














news and events



media centre






news and resources for journalists, including our list of media friendly experts.









      scientists develop ai tools to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions associated with livestock farming and land use
    
17 february 2025







      loughborough’s unique, real-world testing could lead to more efficient cars 
    
17 february 2025







      padel is coming to loughborough university
    
17 february 2025







      radar presents ‘deep recovery’: a sound work by libita sibungu
    
11 february 2025






        19
      

        feb
      





      the leicestershire lgbtq+ centre: a history of queer activism
    







        19
      

        feb
      





      inaugural lecture: professor adrian spencer and professor chris keylock
    







        20
      

        feb
      





      national theatre live: the importance of being earnest
    







        22
      

        feb
      





      loughborough lightning netball vs leeds rhinos preseason fixture
    







        more news and events
        












      world-leading
    

      research
    





one of the top 20 research-led universities in the country, loughborough is renowned for the relevance of its work, driven by society’s need for solutions to real-life issues.









      business and enterprise
    

      collaborations
    





develop your organisation by partnering us in research, consultancy, new technologies and services and recruiting high calibre students and graduates for placements or employment.









      world-class
    

      sport
    





unrivalled sporting reputation offering excellence in research and teaching, and opportunities from recreational activities up to the highest levels of elite performance.








 













study



study


undergraduate study


postgraduate study


research degrees


london campus


order prospectus


open days


how to apply


admission policies and procedures







using our site / legal



using our site / legal


accessibility


privacy and cookies


legal information


ethical principles


modern slavery statement


freedom of information


freedom of expression









explore



explore


our strategy


working for us


international


schools and departments


professional services


library


university governance


giving to loughborough


media centre







students and staff



students and staff


current students and staff


learn


fees, funding and money


pay your fees









locations



locations


loughborough university






                      find us
                    





                      campus map
                    





                      contact us
                    





loughborough university london






                      find us
                    





                      contact us
                    



















facebook





x





instagram





tiktok





youtube





linkedin






back to top

copyright © 2025 loughborough university.
all rights reserved.











