









art clokey's gumbyworld – official home of gumby & pokey
















































home
gumby & friends

gumby
pokey
prickle & goo
blockheads
gumbo & gumba
minga
professor kapp
denali
the groobee
nopey
tara
the clayboys


episodes

1950’s overview
1960’s overview
1980’s overview
1990’s overview
art films and pilots
promotional spots


creator art clokey

the formative years
inspirational mentors
the beginning: thank you budweiser!
art on the art of film and animation
how art got his big break: the power of gumbasia
davey and goliath: a message of love
the clay peacock
mandala: a visionary masterpiece
the pilots


history
gumby’s studio

studio photos


fan club
news
 


select page


  
 



 



 































learn more...





















special offers

sign up for gumby e-news!
watch “moon trip”

when you sign up for gumby e-news, you get access to watch “moon trip,” gumby’s first adventure and one of art clokey’s more surreal works. this is part 1 of the pilot that started the gumby series. now for the first time, you can see it re-mastered (from the original source) so you can enjoy the imagination, eerie colors, dynamic action and unique story of this classic film.
plus, you’ll receive quarterly e-newsletters on the latest gumby happenings and specials at our gumby store. sign up now!

……………………………………………..
check out gumby central
official gumby social media sites

gumbycentral is the official social media source for all things gumby… by the creators of gumby. if you love gumby, you’ll want to become a fan on facebook, follow us on twitter, and subscribe to the gumbycentral station on youtube:
facebook | twitter | youtube
……………………………………………..
watch gumby episodes
your favorite re-mastered gumby episodes can be watched in a variety of ways:
amazon prime
kabillion, free on-demand cable network in the u.s.
ameba tv and busybee tv streaming services, available on most devices in the u.s.
ncircle entertainment new dvds release each year
……………………………………………..
 art clokey – gumby creator

gumby creator art clokey was a true visionary and stop motion pioneer whose explorations in film had a profound impact on filmmakers worldwide for generations. take a spin around gumbyworld.com to discover more about art clokey, gumby and friends. here’s a heart-warming clip from the gumby movie, the “take me away” music video.
“take me away” 




view larger




featured products

deck the halls with the gumby nutcracker

…………………………………………….
ho, ho, happy gumby ornaments

…………………………………………….
new! the world’s smallest stretch gumby

this 4″ stretchy gumby extends to 20″. don’t forget the companion product: the world’s smallest bendable gumby and pokey.
…………………………………………….
collectible enamel pins

for everyday occasions, christmas and halloween. collect them all.
…………………………………………….
new! gumby dvds

get the entire gumby library of episodes on dvd. some of the gift sets include bendable toys.
…………………………………………….
gumby socks are all the rage

super comfy and fun. in four styles for men and women and in three styles for kids.



latest news



exclusive 3d printed gumby figures now available




new limited edition collectibles we’re excited to announce that we’ve partnered with intigofigures™ to create unique and exclusive gumby® figurines, 3d printed just for you. these 3d figures are highly-detailed and come in a variety of sizes, poses, and styles. intigo figures exclusive 3d printing platform allows you to customize a gumby figure exactly as you want him and have  » read more 



gumby showcased in new traveling animation exhibit




“get animated!” explores the history of animation from pencils to pixels the new “get animated!” exhibit, created by stage nine entertainment, includes a number of elements focused on the iconic gumby and his creator art clokey. the exhibit, which opened at the arizona science center in summer 2017, moved on to the bishop museum in honolulu from september 2017 through  » read more 



gumby is now streaming on amazon prime




watch gumby on amazon prime you can now enjoy all of the great, remastered gumby episodes from the 1950s and 1960s as well as the gumby movie streaming on amazon prime. for the first time ever, the complete gumby show has been remastered from its original camera rolls and soundtracks, with the brilliant and full-length formats as first aired. these  » read more 



gumby appears in new comics and graphic novel




we are thrilled to announce that gumby has an all-new series of comics by papercutz, the #1 publisher of kids’ graphic novels. three brand new issues launched beginning in july 2017, and gumby’s first graphic novel, fifty shades of clay, debuted in november. in the true spirit of gumby, these comics are for all ages. each issue features three unique  » read more 



gumby  imagined – the ultimate gumby retrospective – now available!




gumby imagined, story of art clokey and his creations is in bookstores now gumby, the world’s original clayboy and legendary pop icon is the subject of a new retrospective art book. gumby creator art clokey was an animation pioneer, and his characters gumby and pony pal pokey, along with davey and goliath, have shaped generations of childhood memories and have touched  » read more 



gumby to star in new comics series




leading comics publisher papercutz develops monthly comics & kids’ graphic novels featuring iconic character joe clokey, president of premavision/clokey productions and son of gumby creator art clokey, is proud to announce that papercutz, “the #1 kids’ graphic novel publisher” will launch a series of new comics and graphic novels featuring the legendary character gumby–the stop-motion animated tv star and top-selling toy. the  » read more 







 







license gumby
news
about
terms & conditions
privacy policy
 
 





facebook




twitter




rss


 copyright © 2025 prema toy inc. and premavision inc.
 

 
 
 











