










el paso chamber of commerce

























































 
 





















skip to content














member's corner & about 
members corner member login become a member member directory member-to-member discounts star members chamber committeesaffiliated organizations el paso chamber foundation el paso mobility coalition (emco)about & connect history & mission meet the chamber board of directors careers contactstar on the mountain own a piece of the star starlighters















































menu 
events & resources events calendar programs ribbon cuttings explore 915 regional information texas venture alliance better business bureau faq’snews & publications news publicationsadvocacy & government affairs el paso days in austin 2025 legislative agenda










join now










 























































the el paso chamber impact






the el paso chamber believes creating quality jobs, increasing productivity, and boosting community wealth are the greatest achievements of a successful business community.













94%
of members are small & medium enterprises



 











220,000
jobs created across the region



 











$5
billion generated in revenue yearly



 


















the el paso chamber has been an integral part of the el paso business community for over 120 years. 
through involvement and investment by and for our members, the el paso chamber has positively influenced the connection between business and social development throughout the region. guided by our core pillars of leveraging data, fostering engagement, building relationships and investing in partnerships, the el paso chamber works to move el paso forward.
learn more 













					directory				








					events				








					news				








					join				












 


upcoming events 
 















see all upcoming events






















join the chamber
be part of our mission to create prosperity through successful business. member benefits include increased visibility and advocacy, opportunities for networking and sponsorship, and access to trainings and programs.





become a member






























start connecting

























 
 













state of the city 
join the el paso chamber for the highly anticipated state of the city event, where the spotlight shines on newly elected mayor renard johnson and the el paso city council. get ready for an engaging fireside chat as our city leaders share their bold vision, key priorities, and actionable strategies for shaping el paso’s future.
whether you’re a business leader, a passionate community advocate, or an invested resident, this event is your front-row seat to the conversations driving meaningful change in our region. gain exclusive insights, spark new ideas, and network with the change-makers who are shaping el paso’s progress.



register


 


















el paso chamber 990 form











download form










 












© 2025 el paso chamber
 | 
site by growthzone














stay connected with the chamber










el paso chamber







915.534.0500







303 n oregon st. suite 610, el paso, tx 79901









facebook





linkedin





twitter





instagram































 © 2025 el paso chamber.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone
 | privacy policy
 








 
scroll to top



















