










































home | accc











skip to content
skip to navigation
skip to search














top utilities


news centre


contact




our other sites


nasc


scamwatch


product safety






















search






menu















    search
    (required)



 
search 


























consumers

expand submenu for "consumers"







buying products and services





advertising and promotions





competition and why it matters





pricing





problem with a product or service you bought





stay protected





debt





specific products and activities





petrol and fuel





telecommunications and internet








business

expand submenu for "business"







selling products and services





advertising and promotions





pricing





specific products and activities





problem with a product or service you sold





business operations and costs





industry codes





compliance and enforcement





competition and exemptions





mergers








by industry

expand submenu for "by industry"







regulated infrastructure





regulatory projects






agriculture





banking and finance





cars and vehicles





childcare





digital platforms and services





energy





food and groceries





franchising





insurance





petrol and fuel





postal services





rail, shipping and ports





telecommunications and internet





travel and airports





water








inquiries and consultations

expand submenu for "inquiries and consultations"







childcare inquiry 2023





digital platform services inquiry 2020-25





electricity market monitoring inquiry 2018-25





gas inquiry 2017-30





regional mobile infrastructure inquiry 2022-23





retail deposits inquiry 2023





supermarkets inquiry 2024-25





finalised inquiries





accc consultations





consultation hub




merger and competition exemption consultations




product safety consultation process






accc submissions to external consultations





consultative committees








public registers

expand submenu for "public registers"







browse public registers





infringement notices register





public warning notice register





undertakings registers





section 87b undertakings register




section 93aa undertakings register




section 163 undertakings register




general undertakings register






authorisations and notifications registers





authorisations register




collective bargaining notifications register




exclusive dealing notifications register




resale price maintenance notifications register






certification trade marks register





class exemptions register





gas registers





conditional ministerial exemptions for gas suppliers




small gas supplier exemptions register




gas price cap exemptions register






mergers registers





public informal merger reviews register




merger authorisations register




merger authorisations direct to tribunal 2007-17 register






access to services registers





consumer data right exemptions register





designated complaints register





digital id registers





accredited entities register




australian government digital id system register






price notifications register





shipping investigations register





telecommunications registers





historical registers








about us

expand submenu for "about us"







accc priorities





accc role and structure





designated complaints





freedom of information





national anti-scam centre





contact us or report an issue





news





accc news centre




sign up to newsletters




subscribe to media releases and speeches






publications





careers





current vacancies




graduate opportunities




working with us






conferences and events





international relations





other languages




















   

we are australia's national competition, consumer, fair trading and product safety regulator.
find out about our priorities



find out about consumer rights and guarantees    
stay protected from scams    
report an issue to the accc    
find mergers under investigation    
learn how to check if a product is safe    
report a cartel    
work with us    





















 





complaint letter tool 


when you have a problem with a product or service, always contact the business first to explain the issue and the remedy you want.
often, a single phone call or visit can fix the problem. you can use our tool to help write a complaint letter or email to the business.











concerning online shopping return policies


our review of more than 2,000 australian retail websites found concerning online shopping return policies. there is a risk that consumers may be mislead on their rights to exchange, refund or return a product.









electricity inquiry report


we are urging consumers to shop around or at least to contact their electricity provider to ask if a cheaper electricity plan is available. this follows a decline in retail electricity prices in 2024 that many households aren't benefiting from.











historic new merger laws


on 28 november 2024, the treasury laws amendment (mergers and acquisitions reform) bill 2024 was passed by the australian parliament. the new merger laws aim to strengthen competition, productivity and price restraint for the benefit of consumers and business.









ndis provider in court


we've started proceedings in the federal court against registered ndis provider ausnew home care service. we allege that ausnew made false or misleading representations to consumers relating to the sale of aged care and disability products. 










    view all news 











“we prioritise the issues impacting the australian economy, consumers and businesses in australia.”

accc chair gina cass-gottlieb









 our priorities






unfair contract terms


changes to the law on unfair contract terms in consumer and small business contracts came into effect in november 2023.
we are working to help consumers and business understand the law around unfair contract terms and what the changes mean.









greenwashing and environmental claims


consumers are now, more than ever, making purchasing decisions on environmental grounds.
we'll be investigating a number of businesses for making potentially false or misleading environmental claims.









digital platforms


the expansion of digital platforms in australia has brought benefits, but also created risks and harms that our current consumer and competition laws are not always able to address. we're examining these issues as part of inquiries we conduct and law enforcement cases.














work on some of the biggest issues facing consumers and businesses.
join our team of smart and dedicated people from all walks of life to collaborate on meaningful matters and make a significant and lasting impact for all of australia.

why work here?       view all vacancies     










 related sites





 





product safety


find recalled products, safety information about different products, and report unsafe products.








 





scamwatch


find out how to recognise, avoid and report scams.








 





consumer data right


find out about the consumer data right, which gives you the right to share your data between service providers of your choosing.
























accc consumer rights facebook
 accc twitter
 accc instagram 
 accc youtube
 accc linkedin







the accc acknowledges the traditional custodians of the lands across australia on which we live and work. we acknowledge their connection to this country and pay our respect to elders past, present and emerging.





footer menu
accc © commonwealth of australia


accessibility


cookies


disclaimer and copyright


glossary


vulnerability disclosure


privacy













