




home – itsva




























































skip to content






home - itsva











homeabout

officers and directors mission history archive contact us
events

annual conference itsva winter meeting transportation information exchange its america its world conference transportation research board (trb)
membership

membership membership directory
opportunities

career opportunities business opportunities
industry links





menu
close






home
about

officers and directors
mission
history archive
contact us


events

annual conference
itsva winter meeting
transportation information exchange
its america
its world conference
transportation research board (trb)


membership

membership
membership directory


opportunities

career opportunities
business opportunities


industry links













 























 



fostering a community of intelligent transportation systems professionals advancing safe, equitable, and effective mobility throughout the commonwealth of virginia​ 






become a member



























 



due to anticipated severe weather later this week, the itsva winter meeting and networking reception has been cancelled. we hope to see everyone at the 2025 annual conference... registration opens this friday! 























thank you for making the 2024 conference a hit! 





 

 

 





















the intelligent transportation society of virginia (itsva) is a state chapter of its america through which public and private sector transportation professionals work collectively with federal, state,  county, and local governments to make the best use of these transportation technologies. itsva provides a forum and network for its members to share information, ideas, and experiences. 









 

 

 


















welcome to the intelligent transportation society of virginia (itsva). as we wrap our 30th annual conference, we are looking forward to our next 30 years of innovation, progress, and change in our industry. we are eager to see what the future brings as we continue to grow and welcome new ideas, technology, and members to our community. 

if you are already a member, we thank you for your continued support. if you are new to this website, we encourage you to consider joining itsva. this is an industry-driven association where public and private organizations work together to advance intelligent transportation needs in the commonwealth. 
   



zac doerzaph -president of its virginia 







 





































premium-level members: 

























annual-level members: 






































connect with us through linkedin!
developed by the c.i.t. project team



				© 2023 intelligent transportation society of virginia. all rights reserved. 			









 











































