


vista start menu – convenient alternative to start menu








































                                                               vista start menu is the convenient alternative to the plain start menu you find in windows xp and windows 10. 
                                                               the program uses your cognitive abilities (visual memory, reflexes,etc.); however, while it is easily understandable for beginners, 
                                                               it is also highly efficient for experienced users.
                                                                    learn more >>

                                                               go ahead and try replacing your start menu right now! 
                                                               it is safe because vista start menu does not change your system settings, 
                                                               thus making it easy to install, as well as simple to remove.
                                                                download now >>



improved interface

                                                               each detail in vista start menu is well thought-out and the program will allow you to accomplish all your tasks with ease and comfort.
                                                                   learn more >>



always ready

                                                                   vista start menu was designed specifically to make it possible for users to quickly access any information simply by using the keyboard or the mouse.
                                                                   learn more >>




the pro version

                                                                   enable the unique feature called "one-click launch" and customize your menu the way you like it by getting the pro version. 
                                                                   learn more >> 










download

version:
5.x  (freeware)
size:
~6mb
64 bit support


platforms:
from windows xp up to windows 10 (32 and 64 bit)
                                        

















screenshot

 












vista start menu has been in development as an attractive and efficient alternative to the start menu in windows xp and windows7
 i have always found that the start menu in previous versions of windows to be hard to use. with windows 7, they have made it more attractive but, more cumbersome!
now there is an alternative! 
dennis nazarenko,developer of vista start menu































© copyright ordinarysoft. all rights reserved. privacy policy



















start menu 10
start menu x
windows 8 start button






contacts
forum
information
start 


















