





swedish tracing paper – makers of swedish tracing paper




























































 









		skip to content













					swedish tracing paper
				

 






 













home
store
contact us
my account
 



 








$0.00


 










 










					swedish tracing paper
				

 






 
















$0.00


 








main menu

 















 









we are the makers of swedish tracing paper
new!swedish tracing paper now comes in 2 different lengths.  



30 foot length
 



90 foot length 



no need to cut your patterns!
trace them with this durable, see-through and "drape-ably" soft pattern paper! 






shop now


















 




							premium quality						


						swedish tracing paper has been relied upon for 30 years. tried and true.					













 




							true shipping savings						


						honest pricing that results in the lowest total cost.					













 




							100% money back						


						if the item doesn't suit you.					














if you have not tried our tracing paper yet, you don’t know what you have been missing.
 

every pattern company has their own idea of how to size patterns. now you can make short work of this guessing game by tracing your own patterns onto swedish tracing paper. 
cut it out, baste it together, and try it on. mark changes easily right on the paper by using a felt tip pen, ink pen, or a pencil. remove your basting and pin to your fabric for cutting. 











our product 



swedish tracing paper is commonly used by dressmakers. they trace their expensive paper sewing patterns into multiple sizes to improve fit. it is durable, yet soft and translucent which makes it ideal for copying the finest detail from existing patterns.  










 








 




home
store
contact us
my account
 










 

					shopping cart					


 







swedish tracing paper 



quick linksvisit store
let’s connect
 



 



get in touch with us for the best quality tracing papers 
 









copyright © 2025 swedish tracing paper
 



powered by swedish tracing paper
 


































