






online journal - home and gardening news












online journal - home and gardening news





































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebaronline journalhome and gardening newssearch this website
home
buyer guides
privacy policy
contact us
say hello
how to remove iron from well water
march 28, 2022 by jerry leave a comment 
iron may get into your well water through seepage, which happens when rainwater or melted snow flows down into the soil and into the well water supply. it generally appears as reddish-brown stains in your showers and faucets, although it is not hazardous.
if you have concerns about iron in your well water, this article will guide you in determining whether or not it’s there. most homes will find that testing for iron in the water is simple, and iron-free water may be obtained using one of several purification techniques.
what are the effects of having too much iron in your well water?
while iron in small quantities is not dangerous, too much of it can cause health problems. large amounts of iron in your water supply can lead to:

stomach pain
constipation
diarrhea
black stools

clogging of pipes
iron is one of the most common elements on earth, and it can cause problems in your plumbing if it’s not removed from your water. over time, iron will build up in your pipes and fixtures, causing clogs and reducing water flow. in extreme cases, it can even cause pipe failure.
skin and hair issues
if you have iron in your water, you may notice that your skin and hair are drier than usual. this is because the iron is robbing them of moisture. in addition, your hair may take on a reddish tinge, and your skin may develop a rash.
laundry issues
iron-heavy water can cause stained clothing, particularly if you have hard water. these stains will be more difficult to remove, and your clothes may not look as bright and white as they did before.
discolored water
one of the most obvious signs of iron in your water is discoloration. when you turn on your faucet, the water may be red, brown, or yellow. this is because the iron has oxidized, or rusted.
tastes and smells bad
another common symptom of iron in your water is that it tastes and smells bad. the water may have a metallic taste, or it may smell earthy or musty.
what causes iron in well water?
several factors can contribute to iron in your well water. these include:

runoff from iron-rich rocks or soil
corroding pipes
old well water pumps
seepage from surface water sources

how to test for iron in your water
the best way to determine if you have iron in your well water is to have it tested by a professional. however, there are also home testing kits available. these can be found at most hardware stores or online.
to test your water for iron, simply follow the instructions that come with the kit. you will usually need to collect a sample of your water in a clean container and then add a testing agent. the agent will change color if iron is present in the water.
if you test your water and find that it does contain iron, don’t worry. there are several ways to remove it.
types of iron in well water
there are three forms of iron in well water:

ferrous iron
ferric iron
bacterial iron

the type of iron in your well water will determine the best method for removal. the two most common types of iron are ferric and ferrous.
ferric iron
ferric iron is the most common type of iron found in well water. it is also known as oxidized iron because it has been exposed to oxygen, which causes it to rust. ferric iron is typically found in water that contains high levels of dissolved oxygen, such as surface water sources.
ferrous iron
ferrous iron is also known as reduced iron because it has not been exposed to oxygen. this type of iron is usually found in deep wells where there is little or no dissolved oxygen.
bacterial iron
bacterial iron is a type of iron that is produced by bacteria. this type of iron is usually found in water that contains high levels of organic matter, such as surface water sources.
how to remove iron from your water
the most common way to remove iron from water is with a water filtration system. these systems are designed to remove impurities from your water, including iron. there are many different types of water filtration systems on the market, so you’ll need to choose one that is designed for iron removal.
water softeners
another option is to use a water softener. these devices work by exchanging the magnesium and calcium in your water for sodium. this process also removes iron from your water.
chemical treatment
finally, you can also remove iron from your water using a chemical treatment. this involves adding a chemical oxidizer to your water, which will cause the iron to precipitate out. once the iron has settled, you can then filter it out of your water.
no matter which method you choose, be sure to follow the instructions carefully to ensure that your water is safe to drink.
iron in well water is a common problem, but it can be easily remedied. by testing your water and using one of the above methods, you can remove iron from your water and enjoy clean, safe drinking water.

filed under: info 5 simple steps to finding the best whole house water filter
november 16, 2020 by jerry leave a comment 
the inner workings that run our homes behind the scenes are something that we rarely think about… until we absolutely have to. say a water main breaks and suddenly we are boiling water. or we come home to a massive leak and we don’t know what might have seeped inside.
and then? it can sure feel like a daunting task.
today, we wanted to take a few minutes to help you find the best whole house water filter in five simple steps. ready?
…here goes
what type of water filtration system: point of use or whole house filtration?
there are two types of water filtration:

point of entry, or poe, systems filter all water coming into your home
point of use, or pou, systems filter water beneath your sink

 

 
1. decide how you want to filter your home water.
while it seems to be best to filter with both a poe and a pou, the choice on filtration depends on your needs as a family. deciding this may take some research and discussion in the home – but you once you reach a conclusion, the other steps are easy.
2. ask yourself if you are on city water or well water.
while the city water has regulations for safety and can be much safer than well water, there are still some contaminants that are not regulated by the epa. there are also typically several boil water advisories throughout the year in various counties. while it doesn’t always happen, it can and this can be a very daunting task when you need water for cooking and drinking. it can turn a simple few days of water consumption into a real hassle and a stressful experience.
as for well water, studies suggest that 40% of wells contain the containment e.coli. (it’s just as gross as it sounds.) depending on what containments are found, there are a variety of options for treatment. however, a filtration system can make all the difference in filtering out microorganisms that can be harmful to your families health. uv purification systems are a great start for those with well water consumption.
3. think about the number of bathrooms in your home.
to determine the water output and size of filtration system you might need, it is a good start to think about the amount of bathrooms in your home. think of it like this, while someone is showering, maybe someone else is washing their hands and flushing the toilet. meanwhile, the dishwasher may be going. the garden hose may be in full force in the backyard watering your prize-winning roses. water consumption size and the amount of flow that is going into the home can help you decide what size of system you need to keep your water clean and healthy at all times no matter how much flow is entering your home.
4. how many members of your household are you accommodating?
some filtration methods are based on the amount of water flow that goes into the home on a 24 hour basis. this tells you almost exactly how much water is leaving into your home on consistent time line. generally, the number of people in your home can help you to consider the right filtration system for the size of your family, ensuring that your entire family is covered with healthy drinking water.
5. learn what is in your water.
wherever your water is supplied, there should be a place on their website for you to learn what is exactly in the water. for instance, some city water systems may have found a little lead through the year and they will publish a general report called an “annual water quality report” that will tell you what microorganisms and other containments may have been found throughout the year. this will help you to pinpoint what filtration systems you need to rid your home of the exact containment in your water.
every city is required to put out this report yearly. while not many know about it, knowledge is power and it can be the difference in overspending and/or simply finding a filter that takes care of everything that you need for your family to be healthier.
these five basic questions can really give you a great jumping off point to discovering what filtering system might work best for your family and your home. while these simple starts are a great way to get going, not every filtration process is so cut and dry. having an expert to help you find exactly what you need can make all the difference in the guess work and being certain that your family is covered at all times – no matter what.
from uv filtering systems to ro systems, an expert will help you to decide exactly what you need both for your price range and your family. don’t hesitate to reach out to your local water filter experts who can help you to navigate the sometimes simple… and sometimes tricky… world of keeping your family safe every single day and providing the healthiest water possible for the people that you love the most.
filed under: info primary sidebar



recent posts


how to remove iron from well water


5 simple steps to finding the best whole house water filter



copyright © 2025 · metro pro on genesis framework · wordpress · log in






