







lee asher playing card & sleight-of-hand magic trick expert





































































read

read about magic & playing cards
date your playing cards
creating playing card magic
are playing cards worth collecting?
who was the first magician in canada?
six alternative performance venues
how does three card monte work?
jerry's nugget playing cards
making real connections
harry potter was real
internet magic connections
break in playing cards
why are there two jokers in a deck of cards?
- - - -
see all articles


store

buy great magic
playing card history timeline
asher twist
witness
thunderbird
losing control
three stylin
catch 33
- - - -
see all products


 magic consultant

contact













hi, i'm lee asher.

					i'm a playing card expert & sleight-of-hand artist. learn my secrets to award-winning card magic and impress your friends, improve your dexterity, and feel like a star. transform yourself into a playing card connoisseur. start your card magic journey now. 
love playing cards 
learn card magic 















magic expert

					i'm a second-generation magician developing original sleight-of-hand magic based on my life experiences as a playing card expert.
				


♠ hypnotic sleight-of-hand creator
♠ magic consultant tv & theatre
♠ playing card expert & historian
♠ president of world's largest playing card collectors club


i've traveled the world twice over, sharing my brand of magic & spreading the love for playing cards.

					"lee asher's free downloads about collecting playing cards or paid tutorials on original sleight-of-hand magic are beyond excellent!!" - sid. p (memphis, tn)
let's learn some magic 











collect playing cards

					together we can turn your random assortment of playing cards into the most beautifully curated collection.let me guide you in the right direction.


collect playing cards 









love playing cards



purchase collectible cards


					a substantial playing card collection should always have at least one of these decks of famous brands like fournier, bee, tally-ho, ascal & more.
				
see all playing cards 



read awesome cards articles


					you've been playing with them forever, but do you know that you’re holding a piece of history in your hands? discover mind-blowing facts about your playing cards.
				
read all cards articles 



tools for the card collector


					gain access to free tools that help you identify, date, categorize, grade, & valuate your playing cards. with the help of these tools, become a smarter collector.
				
get all your tools 










master incredible magic from an industry expert

					lee asher only shares his secrets with the best magicians from around the world. be part of that selected group now!


start learning from lee asher today 









magic card tricks



purchase cool magic tricks


					are you looking for easy card tricks to amaze your friends? or are you trying to find a difficult piece of sleight-of-hand to add to your repertoire? either way, there's something of interest here for everyone.
				
discover your next amazing magic trick 



read articles about magic


					learn to make smarter magic decisions, rethink current approaches & improve your performance abilities. no matter if you're a beginner or already a professional performer,  you're guaranteed to learn something new!
				
read all magic articles 



tools for the magician


					gain access to free tools that guide you in the right direction when trying to master sleight-of-hand. it's not easy to navigate through the good and bad, but with the help of these tools, become a better magician.
				
get all your tools 








light-speed shipping ⚡ direct to your door!










asher's announcements





						join the inner circle and get exclusive access to magic tips, special deals, and insider card info. like the thousands of others who are part of this particular group, immediately start receiving quality mailings. i guarantee 100% privacy, as your information is sacred.
					
i want to join immediately! 











					lee asher's site provides free tips, quality information about card magic, playing card collecting, plus paid tutorials on his authentic material designed for rising magicians & hobbyists alike. learn more.


playing cards | magic

 are playing cards worth collecting?
 jerry's nugget playing card info.
 how to date your playing cards.
 break in your playing cards.
 harry potter was a real-life magician?
 more playing card & magic articles.



important info

 have shipping questions?
 browse through the magic store
 need a magic consultant?
 privacy policy
 terms of use



contact lee asher

					5472 nw 42nd way
					coconut creek, florida 33073
					united states of america
				

 lee@leeasher.com

 leeasher.com









© 2025 lee asher - all rights reserved

































