


pratt center for community development

























































 
about us
our work
resources
news
get involved
contact



























we work for a more just, equitable, sustainable new york city.




director's update (february 2025)

a note from alexa kasdan 


participatory research report for better bus service on flatbush ave.

research informed by 1,800 riders, co-authored with riders alliance


report on toxic home flipping in nyc neighborhoods of color

learn about the effects of small home speculation on low-income communities


report on the growth of community land trusts in nyc

the community land trust movement is helping new yorkers fight gentrification


energyfit affordable small homes

learn about how we're retrofitting small homes for low-income new yorkers


basements data dashboard

new tool counts basements in nyc


 
close

    websites are invisible consumers of energy, and crisp, clear images consume the most. by default, our images load in low resolution to lighten our website's energy load. to see an image in full resolution, or to toggle between lo- and hi-res modes, click the icon at the top right hand corner. 
    

    bypass lo-res images altogether by selecting “load all full-res” here or in the footer of any page on the site.

load all full-res











































 



            by default, our images load in low resolution to lighten our website's energy load.
            to see the same image in higher resolution, click the icon at the top right hand corner to toggle between modes.  reset low-res images by selecting “load all low-res” below.
 use all low-res
 

            by default, our images load in low resolution to lighten our website's energy load. 
            click the icon at the top right hand corner of any image to see it in high resolution. bypass lo-res images altogether by selecting “load all full-res” below.
 load all full-res
 

          © pratt center for community development 2025
 


          identity/creative direction by yeju choi

          site design/development by graybits


