
      max credit union | central & east al accounts | loans | insurance
      
















 homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.  close alert   all max locations will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025 in observance of the presidents day holiday. access your accounts 24/7 using online banking or the app.  dismissmax credit union max credit union max credit union go to online banking login from within menu close menutoggle site search‹ back

borrow


borrow landing page

personal


vehicle loans

credit cards

mortgage

home equity lines of credit

personal loans & lines of credit



business


business credit cards

business loans





spend


spend landing page

personal


checking accounts

member rewards

digital banking

sidekick for teens

card manager

24 hour banking

debit cards

international travel



business


business checking accounts





save


save landing page

personal


savings accounts

certificate accounts

iras

round up

wealth management



business


business investments





insure


insurance services

vehicle insurance

home insurance

life and ad&d insurance

other insurance



connect


connect landing page

who we are


our story

annual reports

careers

news



who we serve


who we serve

locations & atms

member benefits



community matters


max4kids foundation



learn


security center

sidekick financial wellness





rates



customer service


learn about ben, our 24/7 assistant

online & mobile device security

applications & forms

locations & atms

contact us

atm services



go to get started modal from within menu +toggle search modal for full site get started + login to online banking from desktoptoggle menumax credit union  close search dialogsearch the full site.what are you looking for? start a full site search max credit union go to online banking login from within menu close get started dialogget started.open an account account finder apply for a loan enroll in online bankingswitch to max get an insurance quote view rates max credit union  close online banking dialoglogin to online banking here.online banking loginlogin id password forgot/unlock login id forgot passwordenrollsubmit online banking login

additional logins


pay loan or credit card from a non-max account



max credit union from auto, home, and life insurance coverage to protection for your pet and much more, we have insurance products that fit your needs.





safeguard against scams


the financial community is seeing an aggressive increase in phishing and scams which include imitating or "spoofing" legitimate business phone numbers and website addresses. max will never contact you unexpectedly and request sensitive personal or account information such as card numbers, pins, passwords, or usernames. be cautious and avoid clicking on unknown links. click to learn more about common scams and how to protect yourself.


learn more








  




no wait. no fees. a better way to pay friends.
 




pay a person makes it even easier to send money to other people. this user-friendly way to transfer funds allows you to send money to anyone in the u.s. quickly, easily, and securely - and it's free! 

learn more







  




find your next car



that new car smell is calling your name! browse local inventory and find your next car. get pre-approved for a loan, take a virtual test drive, and check out the special offers from several of our preferred dealers. 


get started









 click here to stop the slider's autoplay feature click here to start the slider's autoplay feature  smart money, made simple. smart money, made simple. smart money, made simple. smart money, made simple.smart money, made simple. smart money, made simple. smart money, made simple. smart money, made simple.   let's make your finances easier.
managing your money from anywhere should be simple. that's why we've made secure mobile banking a priority.    mobile bankingmobile banking whenever from wherever you are.

        card manageran app that is the perfect pair to your max app. stop fraud before it happens. download the card manager app today to take control of your credit & debit cards.    
quick loan paysave time when making your max loan payment online using a non-max debit card or account.

pay your loan online
  featured products  card manageran app that is the perfect pair to your max app. stop fraud before it happens. download the card manager app today to take control of your credit & debit cards.  with products and services to fit every lifestyle and life stage, we are ready to help you manage and grow your money with ease.   

auto loans for the win.

apply today for a loan with great benefits. 
auto loans

  

checking accounts for all.

checking accounts that fit your family's needs.
open account now

  

home loans that feel good.

feel confident with the perfect loan for the perfect home.
apply now

  
build credit, gain rewards
find the perfect credit card that will help you reach goals
credit card offers  our specialties  let's venture in what interests you.
max has you covered for any financial need. from saving for a rainy day to borrowing for your new home and everything in between, we have the tools to make managing your money easy.    spend.    save.    borrow.    insure.  community matters    play community matters.
we are committed to making the communities we serve even better places to live, work, and play.
the heart of max is our communities. the people we serve are not just customers; they're families, friends, and neighbors. we realize every day is an opportunity to invest in our communities, and we work hard to help them thrive.
learn more    9,470
community hours given    $427k
dollars donated    204
volunteers in action    42
organizations supported  




make your business successful.
get a head start and see what we can offer to keep your business running smoothly and on track
business checking

  




secure what matters most.
insure what is important to you and keep peace of mind when it comes to your investments.
get a quote

  sign up for emails and keep up with the latest from max. * indicates requiredemail address * first name subscribe community events  bringing the community together.  max sponsors many events throughout the year and participates in many more in each of the communities we serve.    max4kids 8th annual clay shoot  april 16, 2025 - lower wetumpka shotgun sports club
 
register today              ready for a change? make the move to max.   close online banking dialog  back to the top

get in touch


contact us

locations & atms

news

careers



resources


get started with max

max preferred dealers

financial calculators



social


facebook

linkedin

twitter

instagram

youtube

tiktok



routing number: 262275958

privacy statement

account disclosures

applications & forms

max credit union is a full-service financial institution serving central and east alabama, including montgomery, al; auburn, al; opelika, al; prattville, al; wetumpka, al; millbrook, al; tallassee, al; and troy, al.local: 334.260.2600 - toll free: 800.776.6776p.o. box 244040 - montgomery, alabama 36124-4040 - corporate office: 400 eastdale circle, montgomery, al, 36117your savings federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the united states government.national credit union administration, a u.s. government agency.equal housing lender. federally insured by ncua.nmls 410580 

©  max credit union. smart money. made simple.®, mymax®, max insurance services®, smartfolio®, max4kids foundation®




