








home - greater high desert chamber of commerce





















































































 
 















skip to content






 







 

search


 







 



 member login 

menu 











 



join now!














catalyst.
convener.
champion. 

covering cities/towns of adelanto, apple valley, hesperia and victorville, the greater high desert chamber is the catalyst for business growth, a convener of leaders and influencers and the champion for a strong community. 




 
join the chamber














 




business directory 






 




workforce development 






 




business advocacy 






 




events calendar 






 




resource hub 






 




campaigns 










 
 






real stories, real impact 

member testimonies 







discover how our community is making a difference through the voices of those who know it best. watch our testimonials to hear firsthand experiences, inspiring journeys, and the positive changes we’ve helped bring to life. click below to see how we’re impacting lives every day. 




 
watch our stories
















 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 







 

 














 


upcoming events 




 
view all events







 



valley morning insight – accolade awards 


december 4, 2024 

- 7:30 am 




 



valley morning insight 


january 8, 2025 

- 7:30 am 




 



valley morning insight 


february 5, 2025 

- 7:30 am 




 



26th annual ‘an evening affaire’ 


march 2, 2025 

- 5:00 pm 



















 



welcome 

to the greater high desert chamber of commerce 







as a member of the ghdcc, you will have access to a wealth of resources, tools, and networking opportunities to help your business thrive. we believe that a strong business community is the cornerstone of a healthy and thriving community, and we are dedicated to making that vision a reality. 




 
about ghdcc







 








 





 





sh❤️p hd 

shop local and show your love for the high desert 







shop hd is a celebration of the diverse and vibrant business community in the high desert region. through shop hd, we encourage residents to choose local retailers, restaurants, and service providers. by doing so, we can create a ripple effect that benefits everyone. whether it’s grabbing a cup of coffee from your local café, buying gifts at a boutique, or getting your car serviced at a local auto shop, every purchase you make helps strengthen our local economy. 




 
about sh♥p hd














stay connected  

sign up for our monthly newsletter 







get the latest updates, news, and stories delivered right to your inbox! our monthly newsletter keeps you informed about upcoming events, community highlights, and important initiatives. stay in the loop, celebrate our shared achievements, and never miss an opportunity to get involved. sign up today and be a part of the journey! 



 



our latest insight issue 

 

check out our latest issue of insight magazine for a message from our chair of the board, legislative update, listing of our newest members, and much more! 




 
view all issues












 




 



 



 






would you like to see your ad here?  






 



 



 






would you like to see your ad here?  







get in touch 

we love to hear from people, so if you'd like to ask a question, get some info or just want to say hi, drop us a message below. 









								name							




								email							




								phone							




								message							
 

 



submit









 





2024-2025 chairman's circle 

platinum sponsors 





 





 





 





 





 











 





 




 




 





 





 












 



 



©2023-2024 greater high desert chamber of commerce | all rights reserved  




facebook
 



instagram
 



twitter
 



tiktok
 



linkedin
 



youtube
 







 


sitemap
blog
insight magazine
terms
privacy
opt-out
 

sitemap
blog
insight magazine
terms
privacy
opt-out
 



 


v1.5.50 




 








manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 






facebook
 



instagram
 



twitter
 



tiktok
 



linkedin
 



youtube
 







 


 


 


 


 


 


 

































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset






sitemapsitemap 



helphelp 



feedbackfeedback 







