





home - torqhoist











































 
















shopping cart


0 items – $0.00 


no products in the cart.

 






home
about us
choose a hoist
order form
contact us
 












material handling equipment









product categoriesbattery lifting beams
building/construction rigging attachments
chain slings
coil handling
concrete grabs
confined space rescue systems
drum handling equipment
dura-lite composite lifting beams
dynamometers, crane scales, load indicating devices
dynarope tensionmeter
fall protection kits
fork beams
fork lift booms
fork lift rams & extensions
griphoist tirfor rescue kits
griphoist tirfor wire rope hoist
guardrails & safety gates
harnesses
height safety equipment
hoist rings
hoists parts/accessories
ingot and slab handling
jibs & gantries
lifelines
lifting magnets
lifting products - blocks
load leveling slings
load limiting devices
manual hoists
mill duty coil handling
mill duty lifting beams
minifor portable electric hoists
non marring clamp
pipe & manhole handling
posi-leveler motorized load leveler
pull clamps
ratchet lever hoists
renfroe veritical lifting clamp
rig-release® load releasing hooks
roll lifters
rotating crane hooks
scaffold systems
scafor manual scaffolding hoist
shackles
sheet and plate handling
special purpose slings
specialty grabs
specialty lift tongs
specialty nets
spreader beam systems
structural shapes clamps
synthetic slings
tirak traction man riding hoists
trolleys
uniclamp hold down clamps
utlilty slings and products
warehouse & dock equipment
winches
 






a leading distributor of material handling , hoisting and rigging equipment
torqhoist is a leading distributor of a wide variety of material handling equipment. we stock electric, air and manual hoists in a variety of sizes and configurations. we offer the torqhoist griphoist rescue kit used by many fire departments and municipalities. torqhoist is also your source for a wide variety of below-the-hook products for your material handling needs, lifting magnets, chain and synthetic slings and many different lifting apparatus. we pride ourselves on our knowledgeable and friendly staff who have the ability to get you what you need in the most timely and efficient way possible. read more..









atlas-copco air hoists


  


the derope controlled…


  


the powerful  griphoist


  


safety


  










          the torqhoist family and friends successfully completed           
          the warrior dash             




          torqhoist recognized as one of          
          dla land and maritime best suppliers           

for the third consecutive year torqhoist has received the bronze recognition for excellence award from dla land and maritime.



this recognition means the firm has supplied products the government can be confident in using. firms that qualify as automated best value system award winners have met the stringent quality and delivery requirements established by the defense logistics agency.


torqhoist, established in 1951, is a small woman owned business located in cleveland, ohio. torqhoist is a global distributor of specialty material handling equipment and supplies.








attention federal buyers; thousands of our items are available to purchase on








product showcase




hoist replacement parts
torqhoist maintains an extensive replacement hoist parts inventory in warehouses throughout the usa.

our inventory...
view details





adjustable lifting beam

versatile lifting beam had adjustable spreaders and lifting bail standard to allow for handling of a wide range of loads...
view details





griphoist first responders rescue kits
the griphoist tirfor hoist is essential equipment in fire, police, highway patrol and civil defense...
view details













choose a language to translate this page!



select language
chienese
netherlands
francis
german
greek
italian
japanese
korean
portuguesee
russian
espanol




google map 



home
about us
choose a hoist
order form
products
 
3558 lee road, suite 4, shaker heights, ohio 44120, usa
phone : 216-292-5585 , 800 765-1847
fax :  216-292-5551

copyright © 2022 torqhoist. all rights reserved.











homeabout uschoose a hoistorder formcontact us  























