






ambassador college & university








































			skip to content		




ambassador college & university








home 

for information about:

ambassador college (pasadena, ca; big sandy, tx; and bricket wood, england)
ambassador university (big sandy, tx)
imperial schools

these academic records are maintained by grace communion international. for the above-mentioned educational institutions, you may use the contact information below for

academic transcripts
education verifications

please click here to download our transcript request form, sign it, and mail it to us.
mail all requests for transcripts to: 
ambassador college registrar
3120 whitehall park drive
charlotte, nc 28273
our phone number is 980-495-3978;
fax: 844-350-3419.
email: registrar@ambassador.edu
u.s. federal law requires that requests for all transcripts be submitted in writing and signed by the individual whose records are being requested. please submit $10.00 (us) for each transcript requested. checks should be made payable to grace communion seminary. former students living outside the u.s. should use an international money order or pay by credit card.
if you have questions or concerns, please contact us using the phone number or email address given above.
thank you.
georgia mckinnon
registrar





gci educational programs grace communion international offers two distinct educational programs for biblical and pastoral studies. in australia, ambassador college of christian ministry offers an undergraduate biblical studies program. this program is managed entirely in australia.
ambassador college, a california corporation, in cooperation with grace communion international, continues to do business as grace communion seminary (gcs) providing graduate-level pastoral educational programs. gcs is directed and administered out of the california office. our programs are open to academically qualified men and women who desire to expand their education in biblical studies and theology and their service in pastoral ministry.
grace communion seminary is accredited by the distance education accrediting commission (www.deac.org), which is listed by the u.s. department of education as a recognized accrediting agency.

 



about ambassador  ambassador college began operations in 1947 in pasadena, california, as a unit of the worldwide church of god. it was a privately supported christian school in the liberal arts tradition. a second campus opened in 1960 at bricket wood, st. albans, hertsfordshire, in the united kingdom. four years later a third campus commenced operations in big sandy, texas. as graduates began outnumbering employment opportunities within the worldwide church of god, the campuses consolidated in pasadena: bricket wood in 1974, and big sandy in 1977.
in 1981, to meet increasing enrollment demands, the big sandy campus reopened. in 1990, ambassador college, at pasadena and big sandy, consolidated operations in texas. in 1994 the college became ambassador university and was granted full accredited status as a liberal arts institution by the southern association of colleges and schools. 
ambassador concluded its mission to liberal arts education in august 1997, having awarded 9,362 degrees, closing its doors as a fully accredited institution.
for 14,732 young men and women, from 1947 to 1997, ambassador was instrumental in the preparation of lives of service to jesus christ and his church. its students and faculty continue  to be “ambassadors for christ.”

 



© copyright 2025 ambassador university
ambassador college & university

					proudly powered by wordpress				
















