



music














skip to content








i am a current studentadmitted studentfaculty/staffparent/familyalumniindustry partner

events
news
ways to give



toggle menu


























                              													apply now
                              												

                              													visit us
                              												

                              													request info
                              												





academicsexpand submenu
explore all programs
academic departments
courses & registration
education abroad
internships & co-ops
co-curricular programs
academic support
devereaux library
museum of geology


admissions & aidexpand submenu
undergraduate admissions
graduate admissions
international students
tuition & fees
financial aid & scholarships
visit mines
contact admissions


student lifeexpand submenu
living on campus
opportunity center
health & safety
support & services
campus points of interest
get involved


research & innovationexpand submenu
research
research facilities
innovation & entrepreneurship
industry engagement


athleticsexpand submenu

aboutexpand submenu
accreditation
state authorization
mission, vision, & values
strategic plan
campus points of interest
history & traditions
points of pride
university leadership
offices & administration
safety & security
faculty & staff directory
policies & compliance 







i am acurrent studentadmitted studentfaculty/staffparent/familyalumniindustry partner

events
news
ways to give






toggle search













searchsubmit












expand actions

                  									apply now
                  								

                  									visit us
                  								

                  									request info
                  								



 


music at south dakota mines




section menu


home
academics
academic-departments
music






section menuclose navigation menu

academic-departments
south dakota mines music center

ensemblesfaculty and staff









music at south dakota mines

here at the south dakota mines music center, you will feel challenged, inspired and
                     fully prepared for your career in engineering while make music on a weekly basis. our expert faculty—accomplished musicians devoted to developing your talent—will
                     provide guidance in the large ensemble setup. at the south dakota mines, music is interwoven into the science and
                     engineering curriculum, allowing students to flourish in a diverse environment rich
                     with talent, knowledge, and passion. music-making sparks the imagination, demands
                     innovation, develops rigorous self-discipline and intellectual flexibility - skills
                     integral to success in every field.






salzburg choir tour



the quality of music-making here at south dakota mines is evident in the 300 students
                                 in our music program. faculty here at the music center continually strive to give
                                 our students the best musical experience possible. this year our south dakota mines
                                 concert choir is honored to have been invited to perform in the festival choir at
                                 the 2025 salzburg international choral festival. we certainly can't achieve this without
                                 your generous support of our students. 
donate now








2025 sweetheart dinner & dance



the 2025 south dakota mines sweetheart dinner & dance will be a fun evening of celebration
                                 and support for the music program. all proceeds will go toward supporting the students
                                 of the music program. you will be treated to live music by our musician engineers,
                                 together with a  3-course meal. tickets are $75 per person. 
date & location
date: friday and saturday, 14 & 15 february 2025time: 5:30 new location: music center at south dakota mines
purchase tickets





upcoming events





cathedral concert i
december 7, 2024 • 7:30 p.m.our lady of perpetual helpfree admission
 
 





cathedral concert ii
december 8, 2024 • 2:30 p.m.our lady of perpetual helpfree admission
 
 





sweetheart dinner & dance i
february 14, 2025 • 5:30 p.m.south dakota mines music centerpurchase tickets
 
 





sweetheart dinner & dance i
february 15, 2025 • 5:30 p.m.south dakota mines music center
purchase tickets
 
 





battle of the bands
april 13, 2025 • 2:30 p.m.south dakota mines music centerreserve tickets
 
 





spring choir concert
april 25, 2025 • 7:00 p.m.south dakota mines music center
reserve tickets
 
 





spring orchestra concert 
may 2, 2025 • 7:00 p.m.south dakota mines music center
reserve tickets
 
 




 




scholarships
apply now





                                 								music scholarships
                                 							
music scholarships are available to any full-time student at south dakota mines.





                                 								criteria
                                 							



at least their 2nd full-time semester
at south dakota mines registered fulltime in a degree-granting program
involved in a music ensemble at south dakota mines
cumulative gpa of at least 2.5






                                 								application process
                                 							








the south dakota mines music center offers a variety of scholarships. to apply, you'll complete the music scholarship application form online and then submit
                                 an audition video. deadline 7 february 2025



apply now















faculty and staff









ensembles









more information

 
expand allcollapse all


music scholarships at south dakota mines

the music program offers a number of scholarships specifically for undergraduate students
                              who is participating in music ensembles during their time here at south dakota mines.
                              these scholarships are designed to support your studies at south dakota mines and
                              reward excellence in both the ensemble playing and the community.
the number of scholarships and the amount awarded is based on two factors:1.the monies available to be awarded, determined by the south dakota mines foundation,
                              which handles music scholarship investments.2.the number and quality of the applicants, which varies from year to year.
view each scholarship listed below for more information about application requirements
                              and award details.
 




south dakota mines music scholars award
 


this scholarship attempts to identify and reward students who are leaders in music
                                          ensembles on campus. it was established by director of music, dr. james d. feiszli,
                                          using funds generated from donations at the annual holiday choral concerts.
 




charles hallstrom memorial scholarship  
 


the charles hallstrom memorial scholarship award was established in 2013 in honor
                                          of charles, or chuck, who tragically lost his life in 1970 while fighting in vietnam.
                                          hallstrom was a south dakota mines student who actively participated in the singing
                                          engineers, the top vocal group on campus at that time. 
 




larry huisenga music scholarship  
 


used to further music activities at south dakota mines, the larry huisenga vocal music
                                          fund was established by tamera j. nelson (mete86) in honor of her father, who was
                                          a lifelong singer.  it may be used as a scholarship award in any year at the discretion
                                          of the director of music. 
 




eileen heilman scholarship  
 


 
 




margret macintosh music scholarship  
 


this scholarship was established by dan (che' 77) and nancy carlson in honor of dan's
                                          aunt margret. it is to be awarded to a student who is active in the university music
                                          program. 
 




ronald f. & eunice a. miller memorial scholarship
 


awarded to a student of good academic standing who is involved in a vocal ensemble
                                          and comes from south dakota, the miller memorial scholarship was established by kenneth
                                          miller (ee75) in memory of his parents. 
 




karen whitehead scholarship
 


the karen whitehead music scholarship fund was established in honor of former provost
                                          dr. karen whitehead to assist students who share her love of music. the whitehead
                                          scholarship is awarded to any student involved in the music program upon recommendation
                                          from the music director.
 




music supporters in concert scholarship
 


 
 




arjun ayyangar music scholarship  
 


established by narasimhan (vijay) ayyangar (m.s.che89), this scholarship honors his
                                          son arjun ayyangar, an accomplished multi-instrumentalist, and his musical ability.
                                          award recipients may not receive this award twice. they may, however, audition again
                                          for a different award.  
 




string theory scholarship  
 


 
 




charles snyder & lucille reilly music scholarship  
 


 
 




 
requirements and criteria
music scholarships are awarded each year based on competitive auditions to students
                              who:1) are in at least their second full-time semester at south dakota mines2) are registered in a degree-granting program3) have been involved in a music ensemble at south dakota mines4) have a cumulative gpa of at least 2.5award winners may audition again during their award year for the following academic
                              year. instrumental award winners are expected to enroll in university orchestra, university
                              band, wind ensemble and/or jazz band for the academic year and perform a leadership
                              role in one of those ensembles. vocal award winners are expected to enroll in university
                              choir, concert choir and/or master chorale, assuming a leadership role in one of those
                              ensembles. keyboard award winners choose to audition for either band or choral awards
                              at the time of application. keyboard award winners will thus be expected to be involved in
                              the ensemble(s) of that category at the discretion of the appropriate director.
before you apply, read these thoughts about music scholarships at south dakota mines.
                            back to top


alumni 

being part of the south dakota mines music family continues after graduation. our
                              music alumni maintain close ties, creating professional and personal networks that
                              continue to benefit them.eight alumni singers accompanied the south dakota mines choirs on their first european
                              concert tour in 1989, and the tradition has continued ever since. in 1993, 1996, 2001,
                              2006, and 2009 choirs composed of both students and alumni performed in rapid city
                              and on tours to germany, switzerland, italy, and ireland, winning awards and acclaim.in 1999, the alumni and friends choir, a vocal ensemble open to alumni, spouses, and friends of south dakota mines music,
                              was formalized and has developed a set of repertory that they have since performed
                              at campus reunions, spring choral concerts, and special performance events in the
                              u.s. and abroad.
a&f choir performances
2013: rapid city, sd - 80 alumni performed at the spring concert in celebration of
                              dr. feiszli's thirty years at south dakota mines2004: bellevue, wa – meydenbauer center2002: minneapolis, mn – westwood lutheran church2002: rapid city, sd – south dakota mines spring concert2001: fort collins, co – st. joseph’s catholic church2001: italy – concert tour2000: denver, co – moses hogan festival2000: rapid city, sd – south dakota mines five-year reunion
the high energy machine (them)
established in 1984 as a 1950s do-wop music group, them was soon performing in nearly
                              every venue available from the governor’s hunt club banquet in pierre to european
                              festivals. them now soldiers on as an alumni ensemble, appearing in european tours
                              and maintaining an active social network.
back to top


facilities
situated at the southeast entrance to the campus green, the music center is home to
                              teaching studios, classrooms, music labs, practice rooms, and a student lounge offering
                              a stunning view of campus. the center also houses a harpsichord and steinway pianos
                              dating as far back as 1859. seating 450, the performance hall boasts acoustics and
                              technical capabilities that support a variety of musical performances, from intimate
                              chamber recitals to symphonies.but music did not always have its own home on campus. for nearly 50 years, the gymnasium
                              was the bustling center of campus life, housing concerts, theater performances, sporting
                              events, dances, and commencement. when the king center was constructed in 1976, athletics
                              moved into the new complex, and so too did music. the space was then occupied by paleontology
                              until a new paleontology building opened in 2011.in the interim, music activities rapidly expanded, outgrowing their space in the king
                              center. with the old gymnasium now available, the space was repurposed and renovations
                              began. today, the music building is a thriving hub of concerts, rehearsals, lectures,
                              meetings, and classes. yet much work remains to be done: developing the lower floor
                              into classrooms, adding audio infrastructure and performance lighting, extending concert
                              hall seating and the stage, and renovating rooms into a recording studio and control
                              room.to achieve this vision of creating an exceptional performance facility for south dakota
                              mines and the region, funding is needed. you can help make this dream come true by
                              donating today. contact dr. armstrong to learn more.back to top


travel




our music ensembles have toured throughout the region, nation, and european continent. until
                                       1984, south dakota mines music ensembles prepared annual concert tours for high schools
                                       within south dakota and the surrounding states, even performing once in mexico under
                                       the direction of charles thielen. in the mid-1980s, the focus shifted to us performance
                                       venues that presented educational opportunities such as state and regional conventions
                                       of the american choral directors association; the music educators national conference
                                       in anaheim, ca; grand teton choral festival in jackson hole, wy. the south dakota
                                       mines master chorale was chosen to represent south dakota at the national cathedral
                                       in washington dc during its dedicatory year in 1991. 
in the fall of 1988, the concert choir embarked on the first european concert tour.
                                       since that time, south dakota mines ensembles have traveled abroad every three to
                                       four years to austria, germany, switzerland, italy, and ireland where they took three
                                       first-place awards in the association of irish musical societies choral competition. 
                                       in spring of 2016, the choir returned to europe for a sixteen-day tour. 



2016
italy & germany
  


2010-2011
switzerland & germany 
   


2006 
ireland
  


2003
austria, germany and switzerland 
      


2001
italy
  


1996
germany & italy  
    


1996
switzerland & germany   
    









back to top




 
 



back to top

















501 e. saint joseph st. rapid city, sd 57701

(605) 394-2511
admissions@sdsmt.edu





                     										consumer information
                     									

                     										directory
                     									

                     										careers at mines
                     									

                     										campus map
                     									

                     										sustainability 
                     									





















©  south dakota mines
site design by ifactory





 


 ©






