      penn state university press                                menopause is a new york times best graphic novel of 2020 menopause: a comic treatment, edited by mk czerwiec, is included on the new york times best graphic novels of 2020 list. reviewer hillary chute called the anthology “eclectic and often humorous.” read more here.       contested treasure wins ajs jordan schnitzer book award thomas w. barton’s contested treasure: jews and authority in the crown of aragon has been named best 2017 book in the category of medieval and early modern jewish history and culture. read more read more here..         robin e. jensen’s infertility honored by osclg infertility is outstanding book of 2017  professor robin jensen's latest book, infertility: tracing the history of a transformative term, was named the outstanding book of 2017. . . . read more here.      where honeybees thrive on wpr’s “central time” author heather swan discusses her new book heather swan, author of where honeybees thrive: stories from the field chats with wisconsin public radio’s “central time” about honeybees and their declining populations. listen here.     





cart (0)

search










books

featured
keystone books
eisenbrauns
graphic mundi
browse

by subject
by series
catalogs



ordering
exam copy requests
books staff


journals

browse
pricing and subscriptions
catalogs
permissions
advertising
policies
publishing with psu press
staff


unlocked

browse all
newly unlocked
featured unlocked

about


resources

authors

proposals
manuscript guidelines
marketing
ordering books


librarians

journals
books
psu press unlocked



instructors

exam copy requests
subject lists
series

course orders


booksellers

sales representation
wholesalers
review copy requests
metadata feeds
new title notification
schedule an event
bulk & special sales
contact


rights & permissions

permissions
subsidiary rights
accessibility
author's own work


review copy requests 




about

contact
mission/history
staff
meet our editors
employment


donate

support the press
patrick h. alexander memorial




                            featured books      collective couragea history of african american cooperative economic thought and practice jessica gordon nembhard       atlantic crossroads in lisbon’s new golden age, 1668–1750 cacey bowen farnsworth       cervantine blackness nicholas r. jones       praying to portraitsaudience, identity, and the inquisition in the early modern hispanic world adam jasienski       william penna radical, conservative quaker j. william frost       cartographies of exclusionanti-semitic mapping in medieval england asa simon mittman       love and degradationexcessive desires in queer-feminist art william j. simmons       religion on the marginsembodied moravian pieties on the edges of atlantic world empire benjamin m. pietrenka       democracy and the politics of silence mónica brito vieira       becoming la razanegotiating race in the chican@ movement(s) josé g. izaguirre iii       struggle for the citycitizenship and resistance in the black freedom movement derek g. handley       hurricanes of coloriconic rock photography from the beatles to woodstock and beyond mike frankel and foreword by kenneth womack       at the crossroads of the sensesthe synaesthetic metaphor across the arts in european modernism polina dimova       art, power, and resistance in the middle ages edited by pamela a. patton       ribera’s repetitionspaper and canvas in seventeenth-century spanish naples todd p. olson      featured journals  
hiperboreeaed: mihai dragnea


hungarian studies reviewed: maya jean lo bello


journal of african developmented: evelyn f. wamboye


journal of africana religionseds: danielle n. boaz, sylvester a. johnson


the journal of jewish ethicseds: jonathan k. crane, emily filler


journal of minority achievement, creativity, and leadershiped: fred a. bonner ii


methodist historyeds: naomi annandale, ashley boggan d.


palestine/israel revieweds: sonia boulos, atalia omer


philosophia africanaanalysis of philosophy and issues in africa and the black diasporaed: kibujjo m. kalumba

   unlocked      passing to américaantonio (née maría) yta’s transgressive, transatlantic life in the twilight of the spanish empire thomas a. abercrombie       kimbanguisman african understanding of the bible aurélien mokoko gampiot, translated by cécile coquet-mokoko       genius envywomen shaping french poetic history, 1801–1900 adrianna m. paliyenko       literary obscenitiesu.s. case law and naturalism after modernism erik m. bachman       viscous expectationsjustice, vulnerability, the ob-scene cara judea alhadeff       career storiesbelle époque novels of professional development juliette m. rogers       journal of william pennwhile visiting holland and germany, in 1677 william penn    journal of austrian-american historymichael burri   journal of information policykrishna jayakar, amit schejter, richard taylor   palestine/israel reviewsonia boulos, tamir sorek          catalogs                                        spring/summer 2025                                      mailing list   subscribe to our mailing list and be notified about new titles, journals and catalogs.        psu press news             


the pennsylvania state university presscontact the pressaccessibility


8 university dr., usb 1 suite cuniversity park, pa 16802-1003








   