







mandala yoga center for healing arts







































































































cart
















0
















            on demand
          

            mandala gives
          

            healing arts
          

            instructors
          

about




              schedule & classes
            

        login/sign up
      





back


              our story
            

            new students
          

            sign up questions
          

              newsletter archive
            























































cart
















0











on demandmandala giveshealing artsinstructors
about

our story
new students
sign up questions
newsletter archive









mandala




schedule & classeslogin/sign up









scroll















reiki & restorative yoga with alex & noah
a deeply immersive experience on february 22nd










turning up the love this month!
take advantage of this limited time discount










expression session - dancing. helps!
with jane parkes on march 1st













— you are at the center of the mandala —mandala holds space for yoga classes, workshops and healing arts in amagansett.

 

we have a new studio location!scoville hall - 17 meeting house lanehaving trouble finding us? click here.

by embedsocial 


























classes










workshops & events










healing arts











  


    schedule & classes
  

  







  



— newsletter signup —
receive news updates





first name



last name




email address






sign up





thank you!




































































    follow us on instagram
  



testimonials




“i had my very first (ever) yoga session today with kate rab and i’m hooked.  it’s now a couple hours later and i feel great.  my body feels loose and energized.  i must have released a ton of tension all over my body.   i will sleep very well tonight and look forward to the next session.  i also love the artfulness of the studio itself.(1 month later)  i’ve now done several sessions with several instructors at mandala.  i love the place, and the practice.  can’t recommend yoga enough.”

— jazzy g. (yelp)




“just wanted to say how amazing sheryl’s workshop was!!  my core feels like someone made me do 200 sit-ups with a 10pound ball on my gut. lol.  i definitely needed it and love the feeling that i did some good work for my body with out going to a dreaded gym.  i was so impressed with knowledge of anatomy & the intertwining of philosophy! i am hoping i can take a piece of the anatomy / philosophy  teacher training. will teachers be able to do separate modules? feeling sore and grateful! plan to bring some of it into my class tuesday. ”

— roey ficaro, yoga teacher 




“this is a great studio with a huge menu of styles and choices; whether you are a beginner or an advanced practitioner; whether you have an at-home practice or or practice periodically, you will find something to meet where you are at. your yoga, your practice, guided by seasoned teachers. i love classes with the live accompaniment by jean carlos. workshops are great,too. recently i went to the bandas workshop with sheryl and it was very helpful in deepening my understanding of the ‘locks’, often referenced in various classes.  mandala is my go-to studio in the hamptons. ”

— anne w. (yelp)




“i used to go here years ago when we lived on the hamptons. cozy studio sweet memories wonderful support inspiring even now i remember with thanks”

— paula t. (yelp)




“the instructors are unbelievable.  the shop has great product.  the atmosphere is clean and chill. the staff is super friendly. ”

— robert s. (google)



presseast hampton star - october, 2023mandala on the move - read more →goop city guide - january 2021the hamptons guide - read more →east hampton star - september, 2022a gift for the givers: free yoga classes - read more →

  






1



3 options



2



3








 

say helloinfo@mandalayoga.com

 

visit us at our new address!mandala studio: 17 meeting house lane, amagansett, ny 11968google map



follow us instagramfacebook



massage & ayurvedic treatments  ｜  yoga & wellness blog  ｜   general inquiries |    gift cards





mandala yoga center for healing arts
10 amagansett square,
amagansett, ny, 11930,
united states
info@mandalayoga.com


hours
mon 7:30am-6:30pm
tue 7:30am-6:30pm
wed 7:30am-6:30pm
thu 7:30am-6:30pm
fri 7:30am-6:30pm
sat 7:30am-6:30pm
sun 7:30am-6:30pm













  view schedule & buy classes →



