


  


riba marketing pvt. ltd





































 









breaking

hand bag collection
menu
table cloths
napkins
floor coverings
throws
window dressing
some of our selections
table mats
table cloths



search




 


















navigate 


riba group
riba exports
products

bath linen
bed linen
kitchen linen
table fashions
floor coverings
window & throws


process & practices

work  methodology
infrastructure  strengths
quality


export focus
contact us
 

 






the riba group


the riba group is a diversied group of companies having interests in manufacturing, real estate, retail and exports. founded in 1986 as a manufacturer and exporter of home furnishing products, riba has progressively expanded to add mulitiple products and services in its portfolio over the years. riba has always belived in adoption of new technologies and methods in order to not only stay ahead of its competitors but also provide new and latest products to its customers the world over.





riba group of companies



 riba exports





riba started its business in the year 1986. specialising in home fashions where the indian antiquity & tradition have been combined with modern interior design and furnishings, riba has grown tremendously since its inception and today, our products are being exported to some of the biggest and most coveted brands & retail chains around the world.learn more


pure incense private limited





pure incense private limited is a group company involved in the manufacturing, exports, distribution and retailing of world class aromatherapy products. these products are made in our state of the art facility with perfumes imported from france. the fully mechanized facility has been developed keeping in mind the growing need of these products in our daily lives and the endeavour to deliver top notch quality.learn more


black garlic





black garlic is the super food of the century. fermented and marketed by our group company pure incense private limited, we are the first to develop and market the product in india. after extensive research, this product has been developed to fulfil the nutritional supplementation needs of the ever on-the-move millennial generation. the garlic is sourced directly from the farms in the northern hilly regions of india and fermented by the experts at our state of the art facility.learn more



riba real estate





over the years, riba has proudly delivered more than 500,000 square foot commercial real estate space and counts some of the best companies in the world as its clients. our clients include siemens, mitsubishi, co-cubes, coinmen consultants, hdfc bank and many morelearn more


riba retail





riba retail is the division of our group which has been conceptualised to cater to the growing consumer needs of india. from expanding the domestic footprint of the company’s products to launching international brands in india to developing private labels in various categories, riba retail aims to be the pioneer in retailing and distributionlearn more






 
 




 welcome to riba

ideation, the determination to convert innovative ideas into reality...and the success is yours. this is the magic formula that has helped riba drive innovation and business growth since its inception in 1986. 


 register






enter your email here to subscribe






select categoriesselect categories
select category
bag collection
bath linen
bed linen
floor coverings
kitchen linen
menu
napkin collection
table fashions
window & throws



 







copyright © 2020 riba marketing pvt. ltd. all rights reserved. 


twitter
facebook
linkedin
pinterest
rss
youtube
google+
instagram





 















