


the uncoveror: revealing what they don't want you to
know. it's the real news!







the uncoveror


revealing the things they don't want you to know. it's the real news! 





beijing's rumored earthquake machine is real

rumors have been swirling for years that the chinese were developing a horrific weapon of mass destruction: a machine that can cause earthquakes. 
it is no longer just a rumor, they have now used it twice. the rumors have stated that this device can attack over short ranges and long ranges by sending energy 
through the earth itself to any target, making no place on the globe safe from attack. a short range attack struck taiwan on april 3 causing a temblor of 7.2 on 
the richter scale.

 read more



aliens escape hangar 18 after tornado

on wednesday, february 28, 2024 tornadoes struck southern ohio including dayton. wright-patterson air force base and its museum were not spared. 
damage was extensive. the national weather service describes it as a direct hit. many historically significant aircraft were damaged, and may be beyond repair. 

while this is a sad development, it gets worse... 

 read more


is putin the third antichrist?

nostradamus, the 16th century french astrologer who many have considered a prophet, is said to have written of three antichrists. 
those who interpret his writings to be true predictions say the first was napoleon, the second was hitler and the third is someone 
yet to appear who would come from the east. there has been chatter on the internet since putin invaded ukraine that he is the one nostradamus foresaw. 
while i personally do not put stock in such notions, many do, so i reached out to famed new orleans psychic madame sophia laroque.

 read more

aliens assassinated kennedy

many 
records about the jfk assassination that were previously classified are now 
available to the public. they were released by the national archives first in 
july of 2017, then in october, november and december. a new suspect has emerged 
that previous theories had not considered, and it is something out of this 
world.

on may 25, 1961 president john f. kennedy gave a speech to a joint session of 
congress and said. "first, i believe that this nation should commit itself to 
achieving the goal, before this decade is out, of landing a man on the moon and 
returning him safely to the earth...
read more
 

what war on christmas?

right wing talk radio, fox news and a lot of angry, foaming 
at the mouth people egged on by them would have you believe that there is a war on christmas. 
they insist that the greeting, "happy holidays" is part of a plot to ban the 
observance from public life. one of the targets of their rage has been 
starbucks. apparently their cups in red and green, traditional christmas colors, 
aren't catering enough to christmas lovers. i decided to visit a starbucks store 
myself. a real starbucks store, not just the coffee aisle at a supermarket. have 
a look at what i found!
to please the anti-christmas conspiracy, they blatantly 
made a coffee called holiday blend. no, wait! they didn't at all. it is called 
christmas blend.
read more
 


that fast food burger you ate probably was not beef


did 
you enjoy the burger you just ate at your local fast food joint? did you think 
it was 100% usda certified beef? it might not have been beef at all, but 
meatelle. what is that you ask? a new meat substitute the industry is adopting 
that many will find alarming. i recently spoke to a representative of its 
manufacturer, substitech. i did not like what i heard.


"meatelle is the wave of the future," says  mortimer a. 
smith, a company spokesman. "it does not require the raising and slaughter of 
livestock, nor the growing of crops, so it does not tax our overstretched supply 
of farmland. we manufacture it in a facility near cincinnati ohio, and ship it 
to our clients from there. a single site is all we need."



manufacture? that seems a strange way to describe producing 
something people will eat...
read more



how the cubs goat curse was broken


i was 
really surprised to see the chicago cubs win it all this year. after all, they 
were supposed to be cursed, and had not even been there since the curse was put 
on them in 1945. back then, william "billy goat" sianis who owned the billy goat 
tavern wanted to bring his mascot, a live billy goat named murphy, into wrigley 
field with him. they were kicked out because, in the words of cubs owner p.k. 
wrigley "the goat stinks". sianis became enraged and cursed his once beloved 
cubs. not only would they lose the 1945 world series to the detroit tigers, but 
they would never be back to it. never, until 2016 that is.



i wanted to learn more about what made this possible, so i contacted my favorite 
expert in the supernatural and paranormal, famed new orleans psychic madame 
sophia laroque. she explained how it was made possible.


read more


get ready for halloween


it is 
almost time for halloween, and our staff have lots of ideas to help you be 
ready. first, you are probably asking "what candy should i hand out?" here is 
all you need. smarties and dum dums have been packaged together. you can pass 
judgment as you pass out treats. see a really well done costume or hear a really 
clever turn of a phrase? give smarties to that kid! see a poorly done costume, 
or worse, no costume at all? hear something mindless? here, kid. dum dums for 
you! in most neighborhoods these days, expect to have smarties left over. 

read more

 

 


an open letter to stan kroenke


dear 
mr. kroenke;

i know you and the rams are unhappy in st. louis, and ready to move away. with 
renovations to the edward jones dome cancelled, and the ultimatum that playing a 
home game in london would constitute a violation of your lease, who can blame 
you? but i must ask you to consider whether los angeles is really the place to 
go. instead of that, bring the rams back to their original home on the coast of 
lake erie; cleveland ohio.

...you may say that we already have a team, but they barely qualify as a 
professional football club, and aren't the real browns anyway. 
read 
more


elf on the shelf sells surveillance state to our kids


there 
is a recently invented trend its pitchmen hope to make a tradition, the elf on 
the shelf. he is a scout who will report back to santa claus whether children 
have been naughty or nice. is this just an innocuous little add-on to the legend 
of st. nicholas? hardly! the elf on the shelf is designed to make current and 
future generations of american children used to being watched at all times. it 
is a plot from big brother to make the surveillance state seem normal.
...they have a goal of making us forget about privacy and 
personal security, and it has nothing to do with protecting us from crime or 
terrorism. it is only about power. they invented this diabolical little imp they 
would have children believe is one of santa's helpers. do not be fooled.
read more


google building army of killer robots



google's 
alleged motto is "don't be evil." they would have us believe that they are the 
good guys, and don't intend to do any harm. i don't believe this hollow slogan. 
they must be saying that with fingers crossed behind their backs, as a recent 
patent filing reveals a plot that is evil on par with any hollywood or comic 
book madman, hell-bent on world domination ... google has been obsessed with 
robotics in recent years, buying out companies like boston dynamics, the makers 
of the bigdog and atlas robots, and any patent they can find related to robots. 
google has even started a program where inventors who want to sell their patents 
can easily pitch them called the patent purchase promotion.

patrick moorhead, an analyst with moor insights & strategy says "google is 
building a stash of patents, like an arms dealer collects weapons." this quote 
is very telling.

read more



survey shows those avoiding gluten don't know what it is



 

"gluten free" is the current craze among shoppers seeking healthier food, but what does 
that mean? do people really know? this was the subject of a survey recently done 
by the helvetica institute. surveyors asked hundreds of people in grocery stores 
and on the street two questions: "are you avoiding gluten in your diet?", and 
"what is gluten?"
"gluten? i don't know what it is, but all my girlfriends 
tell me it's bad so i ain't having none of that." said a women who declined to 
give the surveyor her name.

read more
 


madame sophia laroque repudiates new zodiac

i was 
curious about the "new zodiac" and "new astrology" that has the internet buzzing 
lately. though my managing editor, m. grant winston laughed at me, and i had to 
plead with him to do this story, i got it done. i went to new orleans to ask 
famous seer, madame sophia laroque what she thought.

"colleen, my darling, there is nothing new about this so-called new astrology. 
sidereal or eastern astrology has been around over a century. i do not 
understand why people want to hear about it all so suddenly." she went on to 
say, "this thirteenth sign, ophiuchus or "the serpent bearer" has no bearing on 
people. feel free to ignore it."

read more
 


wal-mart wants to bankrupt the girl scouts


do 
you look forward every year to girl scout cookies? i know i do. tagalongs and 
especially thin mints are irresistibly delicious. i must have them! when some 
people jokingly refer to thin mints as cookie crack, i get it. wal-mart is now 
making rip-offs of those two great cookie recipes. they will be sold under the 
great value line, and will probably be cheaper than the genuine article. buy 
them, and the money goes to an evil mega-corporation sending jobs to china, and 
selling american consumers dangerous and lead-tainted chinese products, not to a 
charitable organization that has helped raise our daughters to be good citizens 
for generations.

read more

 
high school students confused about moon landing

a 
poll was recently taken just before the end of the past school year about the 
upcoming fortieth anniversary of the apollo 11 moon landing. i met a student who 
thought he knew about it, and even gave a presentation to his class. he repeated 
the presentation for me...
"the moon landing. back in the hippie days of the sixties, not 
everyone was protesting and getting high. we actually put two men on the moon. 
that was real cool!...their names were stretch armstrong and buzz lightyear."
read more


 

all stories:
aliens escape hangar 18 after tornado
is putin the third antichrist?

aliens assassinated kennedy
what war on christmas?
a good guy is making raspberry pi cases
that fast food burger you ate probably was not beef
how the cubs goat curse was broken
get ready for halloween
an open letter to stan kroenke
elf on the shelf sells surveillance state to our kids
google building army of killer robots
new microsoft browser has an official name
survey shows those avoiding gluten don't know what it is
cape comedy is a crime thriller with many twists and turns

beware of foolery this easter
editorial: 
net neutrality foes want to double dip
editorial: 
why mitch mcconnell must go
xp updates on april 9. were they just blowing smoke?
update: want march madness? better have cable.
jesse ventura is not as off the grid as he thinks
kim jong un attacks santa claus
thanksgiving parade renamed black friday parade
microsoft to bury surface tablets in desert
guest writer: obama buys flip_flops in preparation for attack
guest writer: go mad then get madderer...
area 51 declassification no big deal
dark side of the moon visible in august
updated:is sonicwall blacklisting your website
burger king to introduce whopper senior
unrestful spirits caused super bowl power outage
windows 8 picture passwords hacked
new google technology will read minds
do not legitimize "infotainment"
jesus pez dispenser is offensive
android tablets are a pain
nbc to air porn olympics
rebuild brent spence with corporate sponsorship
pretenders call themselves champions again
just make some cheese and pepperoni
time to update the pledge of allegiance
person of interest is propaganda for big brother
new post office slogan leaves us scratching our heads
what is the cloud?
hurricane bearing down on us mainland. is obama to blame?
"tom tagger" defacing covington
more bizarre happenings at red river gorge
madame sophia laroque repudiates new zodiac
new kids on the block changing their name
no cable tv? no bowl games for you
losing team calls themselves champions
mcdonalds becoming increasingly unfriendly to the poor
paranoid teabaggers won't answer census
rama ho lama says iceland must sacrifice
don't blame it all on tiger woods and jesse james.
the supreme court has killed democracy
is the nfl rigged?
vince mcmahon makes elizabeth lambert an offer
wal-mart wants to bankrupt the girl scouts
high school students confused about moon landing
guest writer: super fan
bush does not understand what all the fuss is about in iran
guest writer: he likes me -- doesn't he?
guest writer: first encounters -- not a time for fairy tales
man wins ncaa office pool with help from psychic
emergency services are not important, the idiot box is
oliver booth is a load of laughs
guest writer: resolutions,they're not just for the other guy 
guest writer: divas,they're just like you and me 
white noise generators making brown note
guest writer: long john silver for president

guest writer: which candidate would make a 
better pirate?
nuclear light bulbs to make cf obsolete
six degrees of baloney
guest writer: lawyers and pirates
guest writer: somalia, long john silver and the u.n.
attack of the killer tomatoes to become a broadway musical
poll finds majority of americans think electoral college is a school
new airport scanners allow tsa perverts to see us au natural
yet another mars probe hoax
who is the idiot who came up with glossy screens?
mother's day is not wives day
mccain announces his running mate: dick cheney
editorial: handicapped shopping carts are being abused
we are all going to die! killer asteroid to hit earth in 2036
new york giants are the cheater defeaters
religious beliefs on display at republican debate
madame laroque's psychic predictions unsealed
congress bars nasa from mars missions
china's war on us without firing a shot
paris hilton's release saddens author of "crucify paris hilton" petition
new host of "the price is right" gilbert gottfried
academy's snooty snobs snub snakes
britney spears has cooties
cincinnati bengals unveil new uniforms
geraldo rivera to open saddam hussein's vaults
the uncoveror has been joe jobbed
republican playbook stolen from whitehouse
professor would move christmas
elmo busted for smuggling meth
ed e. druckman says what others won't
stop the right wing war on halloween
bush declares september 25 through 28 cubic time day
ice geysers on mars or zhti ti kofft exhaust vents?
tony snow explains why iraq is not a civil war
trix rabbit 1958-2006
trusted computing is a plot by chinese spies
bush will dispatch national guard to stop gay marriage
uncoveror exclusive: saskra not extinct. surviving specimen found 
		and cloned.
new nintendo portable to be called "weewii"
free second dip leads to violence at ice cream parlor
american idol rigged! votes counted on diebold hardware.
bush visits india
and pakistan. greets indian prime minister with "how kemosabe".
new sport of bobsled curling ends disastrously
angry about unsuccessful hunt, cheney shoots friend.
seven dead and dozens injured in black friday riots
the case against intelligent design
star trek fans disappointed in new fox show "bones"

editorial: angels paul byrd
throwing spitballs

editorial: does nancy zimpher want
a whiter university of cincinnati?
an xmas card from uncoveror to fark
updated! what were the supreme court thinking?
that was no virus
paris hilton ditches "that
stupid dog"

editorial: copyright lawyers
bullying the uncoveror
canada and denmark at the brink of war
pirate's treasure hidden in cincinnati park
bush will nominate judge wapner to supreme court
"perverto" gonzales strips lady justice
life coaches assembling army of "manchurian candidates"
new usda pyramid scheme will ruin our health
the robotic subwaymen: robots making music
prince charles regrets not being able to kill reporters
alabama fried chicken?
president bush drops first dog barney
miniature cows: america's latest pet craze
older stories archive
current sponsor messages: 


forex trading 

editor's recommended links:

how 
dangerous is black  friday? look at this infographic.

the uncoveror supports the oatmeal's call for a tesla museum

stop acta!
save the internet!

humorvolcano.com

atlanta center for policy analysis
unconfirmed 
sources




about the uncoveror
for free printable
copies of our newsletter, click here.
if you have
uncovered something, let us know. send e-mail to:


to fight spam, that is not a link. you will have to type it.

our old address was hijacked by spammers. please update your
address book.
add a link to the uncoveror to
your site.

