




a creation seminar









 



  

 

 








thank you for visiting our website. we have included
      information to teach you more about god's creation and introduce you to
			  the ministries the lord has given to us.
a creation seminar will teach you and your family who you are, to god.



thank you for your interest in this ministry.  your continued financial support of this 
          ministry through future donations is greatly appreciated. god has given us an amazing creation. he has told us specifically what he did and how he did it. we are here to help you more fully understand what he did and how he did it.
			
we have traveled extensivly across this country, full time, for 29 years. we have been in every state many times over. our country has much to offer. we dig for fossils, tour old homes, ghost towns, buinesses. we love our 4x4 adventures. we have been to death valley 28 times. yellowstone, devil's tower, off the beaten path in utah, arizona, california, maine, washington, and dozens of more states.
			  
			  
			we are steve, dana and paul grohman and we travel all over the us teaching about creation verses evolution. 
the lord laid this ministry on our hearts and our desire is to tell the creation account to people all across the country. the lord has led me and my family to serve him by teaching others about his creation so as to strengthen their faith and knowledge in his word. we have devoted our lives to full-time ministry by means of presenting creation conferences. i speak in churches, public and private schools, on and radio (including international), and a variety of other special functions. the conference series is viewed worldwide. our goal is to travel wherever the lord opens the door for us to present our creation seminar so that people can be aware of the misinformation which has permeated and is permeating our society in a demonic attempt to lead men to deny god's word. 
				the conference is a fundamental "bible revival!" 



upcoming
      conferences




		
	 2025

		  
		
		   february 2 - 5 testimony, acs
		midland, texas
		  
		   february 9 - 14 acs
		odessa, texas
		    
		   february 16 - 19 acs
		lovington, new mexico
		  
		   february 21 -23 acs
		alamogordo, new mexico
		  
		   march 2 acs
		las cruses, new mexico
		  
		   april 6 - 9 acs
		las vegas, nevada
		  
		  may 11 acs
		fort collins, colorado 
		  
		 may 25 - 28 testimony, acs
		blackhawk, south dakota

 
steve grohman speaks all across this country on creation vs. evolution in churches,
		  public and private schools, youtube, facebook, podcasts, camps, tv, internet, and radio.














complete  conference schedule




donate
    now



support us through paypal



creation resources


call 603-616-8907 
	  or complete the online order form: 
	  order now!



  about
  our videos . . .
  the 12 lessons are excellent resources for your family, church, small groups, sunday school, and youth department. studies show that six out of ten young people are walking away from church and god. one of the primary reasons is the lack of trusting in the bible. the main reason for this is the way evolution and humanism are taught as fact and the bible is usually taught as stories. the confusion starts in elementary school. these videos answer crucial questions and concerns. 








"these books are a fantastic resource."


dana grohman has three travel books. they are a three-part series on their travels across the lower 48.
the first book presents the eastern
edition of the u.s. 
this second
book presents the central edition of the u.s. 

 this third book presents the western edition of the u.s.
 







call 603-616-8907 to order this great gift idea. or order
online. $18/each 

one of my favorite things to do is take
landscape photographs, especially of the desert. many people ask me what is my
favorite state. the answer is . . . california, utah, arizona, and nevada.




 



 
we have traveled to many churches  throughout the lower 48. a trip to the church 
in stehekin, washington
required a  seven-hour barge ride one way from chelan  across lake chelan. we,
along with  our motorhome and tahoe, skimmed across  the 1,500-foot deep
lake. 

view  sample
  videos 















god bless your
        ministry! - if only you knew how much it has impacted by life! i am
        greatly encouraged in my walk for the lord. the blessings of this
        ministry have brought my family closer to our great creator,
		  jesus.  
			r. s. family, las vegas, nevada
		  
