


sea island realty - edisto island real estate






























about us |
bailey island | beach homes | beach lots | commercial lots |
mls listings |
pre-qualify | bank owned properties 
	 



 




wyndham | acreage | island homes | island lots | deep water | surrounding area | 
	complete mls search









click here to 
			download the current  comprehensive edisto property list



142 jungle road . p.o. box 40 . edisto island, 
	sc 29438-0040 . phone: 843 . 869 . 3163 . 
	email 



edisto, pronounced ed-is-toe, is an island along the coast of south carolina, surrounded by lush, ever-changing marshlands, fishing creeks, bays, and rivers. the south edisto river (the longest black water river in the country), embraces the west side of edisto island and flows into the atlantic  ocean beside edisto beach. 
real estate
once famed for sea island long-staple cotton, today edisto 
		island is home to farmlands, plantations, and a thriving family oriented beach community. 
        off the beaten path, almost between charleston and beaufort on scenic u.s. highway 17, south carolina highway 174 begins it's winding way through spanish moss draped ancient oaks, passing antebellum plantations, well preserved churches, and rich farmland.  once you cross the dawhoo bridge over the intracoastal waterway, you have entered the island called edisto. 
real estate  real 
		estate listings
 

      edisto island is a rural, unspoiled island, one of few on the atlantic coast.  residents remain committed to moderate, controlled growth to retain the ease and charm of island life.  edisto beach is a family beach, encouraging a quiet return to the childhood joys of the more natural way of being. 
real estate
      this gentle growth process mirrors a concern for combining history and progress.  edisto island 
	's community includes historic plantations, large state and county parks, condominiums, and conveniences for residents and tourists which include a boat launch, a post office with a  shopping center next door, a marina with a ship's store, several excellent restaurants  offering a variety of low country fare, gift shops, convenience stores, a storage facility, 
	two full service banks, a bi-lo supermarket, and a garden center.  a physician and 
	a dentist, attend to local medical needs, and a professional office building is located near the bank. 
	real estate 
 

 



 






















        	 



web administration








