




evian water | evian bottle | evian® - evian natural mineral water
















































our waterour waterwater qualityproductsproductsevian sparkling ✨33cl1lprestige range33cl50cl75cl1l1.25leveryday range33cl50cl75cl1l1.5lglass bottle range33cl75cllimited editionpharrell williamskids bottlesbuzz lightyearwoodysullivanbooremylinguinilabel freelabel-free bottle40cl(re)newour sustainability actionsour sustainability actionssource protectionpackaging & recyclingclimate journeybottles made from bottlessustainability dashboardabout evianabout evianour storyevian & sportsnewsmountain of youthinternationalinternationalfrancebelgium (fr)belgium (nl)switzerland (fr)switzerland (de)germanyusajapanrussiaunited kingdomcanada (en)canada (fr)


our waterour waterwater qualityproductsproductsevian sparkling ✨33cl1lprestige range33cl50cl75cl1l1.25leveryday range33cl50cl75cl1l1.5lglass bottle range33cl75cllimited editionpharrell williamskids bottlesbuzz lightyearwoodysullivanbooremylinguinilabel freelabel-free bottle40cl(re)newour sustainability actionsour sustainability actionssource protectionpackaging & recyclingclimate journeybottles made from bottlessustainability dashboardabout evianabout evianour storyevian & sportsnewsmountain of youthinternationalinternationalfrancebelgium (fr)belgium (nl)switzerland (fr)switzerland (de)germanyusajapanrussiaunited kingdomcanada (en)canada (fr)









please enable javascript in your browser

javascript is required in order to view this website.

















                            evian is water the way nature intended.
                        

it’s a uniquely sourced mineral water that’s always naturally hydrating and refreshing, with nothing added for taste or enhanced with extras - so you can reach your natural peak.















evian x pharrell williams x humanrace
pharrell re-imagines the age-old concept of the fountain of youth for evian through the lens of humanrace, bringing it to life in a way only possible through this unique three-way partnership. as symbols of youthfulness and well-being, the bottles are the perfect addition to tablescapes, adding a touch of joy to the festive season.​
learn more

















in 2024, evian reignite its iconic live young signature inviting everybody to prioritize their self care regardless the age. embark on a joyful journey to discover the 'mountain of youth’, part french alps and part mystical land, where inhabitants are invited to adopt a youthful and optimistic mindset by giving priority to their well-being.
discover the campaign














sports limited edition
discover our limited edition bottles, a celebration of summer sports - inspiring wellness and embodying evian’s brand promise to live young. we’ve selected three iconic sports : golf, tennis and sailing. to create our images, we’ve worked with pietari at studio posti. his work shares the key traits of our brand personality. and there’s no better time to launch it than in the summer of 2024 where prized partnerships sporting events like wimbledon, the us open and the amundi evian championship.
learn more











                            *evian is pure and natural as all natural mineral water. now in a new version with added sparkles.




we’ve added sparkles
experience the freshness & pure taste of evian natural mineral water, now for the first time available with light, fine added sparkles.
learn more









 our products
                    

from conveniently sized on-the-go formats that fit in your bag to limited edition designer bottles that elevate any occasion, there’s an evian product to hydrate you any moment in your day
learn more




























view prestige range





























view everyday range














view glass bottle range



















view limited edition bottle





























view kids bottle range
















                        
                        our water
                    
a long 15 year journey through the french alps  naturally gives evian its low mineralized composition and that distinctive cool, crisp taste.  we collect what nature gives us at the source so you can enjoy evian natural mineral water anytime, anywhere.
learn more









                            photo credit: hervé schmelzle
photo credit: hervé schmelzle





                        
                        our story
                    
we’ve been proud to share evian natural mineral water with the world for over 230 years, but old age doesn’t mean we’re settling down and sticking with the status quo when it comes to our products or our mission. from sustainability innovations to exciting designer collaborations, we’re always thirsty for fresh challenges and creating new solutions to benefit today and future generations.
learn more














our sustainability actions
we owe everything to nature and we’re committed to preserving it through long-lasting sustainability initiatives and innovative partners. our priority is to bring you hydrating, refreshing, natural mineral water with less environmental impact.
learn more













discover our latest innovation
introducing our label-free bottle, our latest innovation in packaging and sustainability as our first circular designed bottle. it is a major milestone in our ambition to become a fully circular brand by 2025. two years in the making in our innovation lab, the design of this new bottle is created using 100% recycled* and recyclable plastic.
learn more









get socialwith us
stay hydrated, stay in touch. connect with us and share #evianwater




















































































our water







water quality






products







evian sparkling ✨




prestige range




everyday range




glass bottle range




limited edition




kids bottles




label free




(re)new






our sustainability actions







source protection




packaging & recycling




climate journey




bottles made from bottles




sustainability dashboard






about evian







our story




evian & sports




news






mountain of youth




our company







privacy policy




legal mentions




cookie statement




faq




careers




cookie settings













international



international




france




belgium (fr)




belgium (nl)




switzerland (fr)




switzerland (de)




germany




usa




japan




russia




united kingdom




canada (en)




canada (fr)


































































