










home - east tennessee realtors®




























































 
 
















skip to content



























					flexmls login				








					etnr cre login				








					member dashboard				














facebook





instagram





tik tok





linkedin





youtube






































menu 
joinabout staff leadership committees benevolent fund community involvement rooted in community contact us eventsrealtors® support professional standards member logineducation education calendar online educationmarket data & research state of housing research reports market pulse newsletter subscriptionadvocacy advocacy agenda the realtor® party making a difference city council at-large referendum candidate vetting process corporate ally program rpac submit an issueresources nar settlement realtor® directory affiliate directory realtor® office directory media forms bylaws mls information supra key & lockboxes standard idx/vow feed news barney thompson scholarship








 





















































 
east tennessee realtors®609 weisgarber rd
knoxville, tn 37919
865-584-8647


learn more


 


 
upcoming classeswe offer ce classes in person and virtually. check the events calendar to sign up for a course!


view calendar


 


 
thank you rpac investorssince 1969, the realtors® political action committee (rpac) has promoted the election of pro-realtor® candidates across the united states. the purpose of rpac is clear: voluntary contributions made by realtors® are used to help elect candidates who understand and support their interests. these are not members’ dues; this is money given freely by realtors® in recognition of the importance of the political process. the realtors® political action committee and other political fundraising are the keys to protecting and promoting the real estate industry.


get to know rpac


 


 
forewarnleveraging powerful analytics and a massive data repository, forewarn solutions enable real estate professionals to gain real-time knowledge so they can verify identity, search for criminal histories and validate information provided by potential clients such as financial and asset information – all from a phone number or name.
this is a complimentary service for all east tennessee realtors® primary and secondary members. for more information, email teresa. 



email teresa for more info.


 






























founded in 1912, the east tennessee realtors® has served the real estate interests of our members and the public for over 100 years. the purpose of the association is to unite and serve its members, to enhance the ability and opportunity of its members to conduct their business ethically, professionally, and successfully, and to promote the preservation of the right to own, transfer, and use real property.
















					member dashboard				







					continuing education				








					search properties				








					commercial properties				








					forms				








					news				



















for information about the recent nar settlement, visit etnrealtors.com/settlement.














mark your calendar










view all events

































learn more
















 
market pulse newsletter 
subscribe to the market pulse, a data-driven newsletter providing a rundown of local policy news and the latest housing market research and analysis, courtesy of east tennessee realtors®.


subscribe


 














 
benevolent fund 
the east tennessee realtors benevolent fund provides assistance to association members and their families, who can demonstrate severe financial hardship due to prolonged illness, catastrophic event or accident, or similar occurrence beyond their control.
learn more 














 
professional standards and code of ethics 
not all real estate practitioners are created equal.  there is a big difference between a real estate licensee and a realtor®.  only a practitioner who has agreed to accept and abide by the code of ethics of the national association of realtors® can call himself/herself a realtor®.
learn more 










 












© 2025 east tennessee realtors®
 | 
site by growthzone












serving the real estate interests of our members and the public since 1912.

















east tennessee realtors®













609 weisgarber road knoxville, tn 37919 














(865) 584-8647 














staff@etnrealtors.com 










facebook





instagram





tiktok





youtube





linkedin



















 © 2023 east tennessee realtors. all rights reserved 








 



















