




      famsi - foundation for the advancement of mesoamerican studies, inc.

    

































mesoamerican pottery  bibliografía  reports  maya writing   

                 mesoamerica introduction   schele drawings   2012 event   lacma





famsi @ lacma
the los angeles county museum of art (lacma) is honored to announce it has assumed stewardship of the foundation for the advancement of mesoamerican studies, inc. (famsi). famsi's dedication to research and online collaboration over the past two decades has made it an invaluable tool for pre-columbian studies internationally and the principal source for research of ancient cultures. by adding famsi's significant scholarly resources to lacma's important pre-columbian collections, lacma looks forward to an exciting new future for the art of the ancient americas.
famsi.org will continue to function as in the past. lacma will announce plans soon for more innovative collections-based research, seminars, and training opportunities. as planning continues, updates will be posted. 


for questions or more information, please contact tomas garcia at

 .









mesoamerica


                        the term "mesoamerica" refers to a geographical area occupied by a variety of ancient cultures that shared religious beliefs, art, architecture, and technology that made them unique in the americas for three thousand years – from about 1500 b.c. to a.d. 1519 – the time of european contact.

                      


                        mesoamerica is one of our planet's six cradles of early civilization. many aspects of the ancient cultures of belize, el salvador, guatemala, honduras, and méxico continue to the present and several of these cultural inventions and traits have spread throughout the world.   read more...







                      click to view area maps.





 famsi en español














photographs © justin kerr
click for more information











              to get the most out of these pages, please be sure java script is enabled.

                any comments, suggestions or technical problems please contact the 







                text links to all pages at this site are available at the famsi index







