


carlos aguilar mares home page











               carlos aguilar mares home page



                  |  
                contact  
            


home






tools


code translator
webchart control
windows live writer code colorizer plugin
iis 7 mru module
codecolorizer
iis 7 reports
xgrid
x-map editor
excelxmlwriter
dbdiagrams
forum colorizer
umldiagrams
drawing board




powerapps


powerapps connectors reference




articles


enable cors in iis using url rewrite
creating your own vs template
configuring com+
writing simple matrix add-ins
generating charts in asp.net
writing data add-ins for matrix
writing code builders for matrix




whidbey


webparts connections
intranet sample
some faq
another webparts sample
catalogpart webpart sample
connection transformers




games


new!!! sudoku
domino
backgammon
connect4




windows mobile


new!!! sudoku mobile
new!!! tetris mobile
new!!! backgammon mobile
new!!! connect4 mobile




home


home
my blog
about me















this site is just intended to share some of the things i've developed, some source code, articles and some samples i've wrote.
things that are interesting in this site:

new!!! powerapps connectors reference
code translator: online free service to translate code from vb.net to c# and from c# to vb.net. new support for converting typescript
new!!! powerapps connectors reference pdf
new!!! windows live writer plugin to insert colorized code.: free plugin for windows live writer that allows you to insert colorized code to your blog
new!!! tetris for windows mobile.: free games for windows mobile (pda, smartphone, etc).
new!!! backgammon for windows mobile.: free games for windows mobile (pda, smartphone, etc).
new!!! connect4 for windows mobile.: free games for windows mobile (pda, smartphone, etc).
new!!! sudoku for windows mobile.: free games for windows mobile (pda, smartphone, etc).
new!!! sudoku: free sudoku game for windows.
new!!! iis reports: reports module for iis 7.0 manager that gives you a few reports of the server and site activity.
mrumodule: sample extensibility module for iis manager
updated version.webchart: control for rendering charts in asp.net and winforms application
xgrid: ie behavior to render xml as a grid with filtering/paging/sorting support in the client-side
x-map: html map editor, application to create html maps.
forumcolorizer: simple application to generate the markup to add posts in the forums at www.asp.net so they look like vs.net .
updated version. excel xml writer: library to generate excel workbooks in .net.
new!!! excel xml writer: now includes a code generator that will create the code for you.
new article on how to create your own visual studio .net project template.
new articles for webpart in visual studio 2005 (whidbey beta1).
codecolorizer application to colorize your code for web sites.


disclaimer:

be aware that all the information and binaries provided in this website are my personal
view of things, no company including microsoft supports any information, code or binaries in this web site. all material is provided as-is.
 
however i do my best in fixing bugs for any binary you use provided a 'repro'.

my controls can be used and distributed for free without any fee. 
i do appreciate if you can add a link or mention to the web site or the author (me ;) so other people can find the binaries and other tools.





microsoft is not responsible for, shall have no liability for and disclaims all warranties whatsoever, expressed or implied, related to the site, including without limitation any warranties related to performance, security, stability, or non-infringement of title of the site (including site content) or any controls downloaded from the site. 


 








        carlos aguilar mares © 2017
        











