



seattle's best karaoke/sbk: home of  private karaoke party & karaoke system rental in seattle






 


home
rental
rooms
song lists 
about
contact






karaoke system delivery 
from $270




private karaoke room 
from $20 per person for up to 2 hours




reservation is recommended




get banquet permit online 
apply for it online
	either at sbkor at your home




you can bring food and drinks to sbk
please get a banquet permit
if you bring alcoholic drinks.





karaoke for kids 
no age limit 




 






private karaoke rooms in downtown seattle
we deliver karaoke system to your home
let us deliver a complete karaoke system to your party location.
we bring our complete karaoke system with a professional sound system to your party location. we set it up and teach you how to use it. then we pick it up after the party.
you don't need a dj to run your karaoke party with our system 
we don't provide a dj service when we deliver our karaoke system. in most cases, you don't need a professional dj to run your karaoke party with our karaoke system.
we use only professional  sound equipment, and our sound system naturally  sounds great. you should also use it for the pa system for your party. for example, many of our customers have used our karaoke system for not only karaoke but also announcement and playing music in their wedding parties.
you can save hundreds of dollars by not hiring a dj and/or renting an additional sound system.
23000 english and 12000 japanese songs as well as  latin   songs 
in addition to our extensive english and japanese song collection--we have more than hundreds of latin songs.
 indian  songs using meragana.com
please sign up at meragana.com before you come to sbk if you want to sing indian songs. subscription is only $4.95 per month. with your own subscription, you can sing an unlimited number of indian songs at home as well as at sbk.
you will play indian karaoke songs using meragana.com at sbk. you can use both our karaoke system and meragana.com simultaneously.
other foreign language karaoke songs
our karaoke system at sbk is connected to the internet. if you know where to find your favorite foreign karaoke songs on the internet, you can sing them at sbk. it's simple and easy. 


© 2024 seattle's best karaoke




