


a-1 network - heart and soul - a totally free online resource center
dedicated to the heart and soul of mankind!



































 starlight










heart & soul network(please scroll down)


heart & soul (music)













 



press 1st button to play the musicnote: if you cannot see the player between the two speakers, it is okay
to click on  "options" at the top of this page to "allow blocked content"





























a totally free online resource center
dedicated to the heart & soul of mankind!























this is a very unique and special website!divinely-inspired, with hidden treasuresand pearls of wisdom within.may you find them all!(please scroll down until you see the juggling jesters)











click on any title,or image, below
note: if images are not aligned correctly on any page,please set your screen resolution to 800 x 600and your text size (view tab) to smaller.

if you can't find it here, you can't find it anywhere!















find out who your ideal sun-sign partner is,and who else you are most compatible with.

















trying to find your soulmate?place or answer a (free) ad today!






get in shape for that date!

 
a simple three-day diet that really works! thisfad diet, also known as the birmingham hospital diet,claims you can lose up to 40 lbs in a month! good luck!

 if you don't like eating alot of tuna, or become bored with the diet above,here is another structured fad diet that's been around for 30 years. thisone is a very simple 1-day diet (repeated for 12 days). it offersa better variety of food to eat for a longer period of time. 




why spend money on cards and postage when you can send afree greeting card? there are hundreds of cards to choose from, andfor every occassion imaginable. why, you can even use your own photo images!


note: please make sure your screen resolutionis set to 800 x 600 in order to view this page correctly.
online atlasonline dictionaryonline library of great booksgov. documentsmedical encyclopediaarea codeszipcodescrafts & projectsset your computer to the exact time!download a neat prg about plants. have you everwondered what a certain breed of dog looks like? just click on the appropriate images.


(click to enlarge)









find someone










































can you name the seven continents?would you like to see all the fifty state flags?do you know where aruba, jamica, bermuda, fiji, hawaii,the virgin islands, and the bahamas are? how about some tourist information and maps to plan your next vacation?all the very best free online games are here also!
















(click here)

there are 28 links here to check out. some are really neat!





















did you know, for example, that with internetexplorer 5 or 6 you can scroll up or down
using your up and down arrow keys on yourkeyboard rather then your mouse?if it doesn't work, you may need to "prime it"by just clicking once anywhere in your window.if you wish to get rid of those annoying linesunder every link, go to "tools" at the top of thiswindow (i.e. browser), select "internet options"at the bottom of the menu, then click on the"advanced" tag and scroll down to "underlinelinks" where you have three options: "always","hover", and "never". choose either "hover" or"never".
click here for more computer/internet tips






if you haven't done so already, please click here toget internet explorer 8 and/or critical updates.internet explorer 8 is awesome! check it out! 















be sure to check out the cartoon characters sectionof the art gallery. there are alot of neat surprises there.included are links to free online comics, cartoons, andgames.you can also print-out 210 free cartoon cards!



(click here)or click here to buy incense
click here to buy bath salts















the above link is for those who have come tothis site looking for the heart & soul metaphysicalshop, which, unfortunately, does not exist online.


the american "sleeping" prophet who could tap into an unknownsource of knowledge to heal people physically and spiritually.included are 22 topics of great interest from his readingsand a link to all of his readings as they were recorded.

















(click here) genuine, non-denominational,and universal "food" for your spiritual body.if you are thirsting for "the real thing", this is it!




this page has detailed-website links to dr. phil, gary zukav, oprah,tony robbins, father leo, leo buscaglia, deepak chopra, edgar cayce, and more. 















learn how to truly love from your heart and soul.






















online spiritual tools


(before clicking on them) please hover your cursorover the two books above to learn more about them.




check out this awesome book!hover your cursor over the angel above.



















click on any booth to go to a very realistic shooting gallery.for sound effects, be sure to check-mark the box at the top under the "restart" button.when you get through shooting, please come back and scroll down for even more fun below!
kiddie land
for some really neat online activities for youngchildren, or the kid in you, click on the carousel.to go to the next page of this website:save this page, then click on the door below.



 
or better yet:
click here to make this page your homepage!








(click on the jester)







(click on the jester)







(next page)








tell a friend about this site!(click here)
















