





stephen bulger gallery






































































stephen bulger gallery


skip to main content



menu

about
artists
exhibitions
events
publications
contact













home





opening reception: saturday, january 25, 2-5pm
guided tour of the exhibition with eldred allen: saturday, january 25, 3pm
exhibition dates: january 11 – february 22, 2025
 
stephen bulger gallery is pleased to present “scenes from labrador,” our first solo exhibition of work by eldred allen (b. 1978, rigolet, nunatsiavut, nl). allen, an inuk photographer from rigolet, has garnered attention for his expansive and stunningly lit landscape and wildlife photography. his artistic journey began in 2018 with the purchase of his first camera. as a self-taught photographer, allen captures views of landscapes, wildlife, and human activities, using both a handheld camera and uav/drone perspectives. after establishing a successful photography business connected to commercial services, allen was driven to create more expressive photographs and was a quick study in transforming ordinary scenes into extraordinary ones.
 

for more information click here. 

 
hours
 
tuesday – saturday: 11am to 6pm
 
 
 

 
 
 
join our mailing list














stephen bulger gallery
1356 dundas street west
toronto, on canada m6j 1y2
 


+1 416.504.0575
info@bulgergallery.com
 
 
we’re always open with inventory for sale on ffoto.com


facebook, opens in a new tab.instagram, opens in a new tab.join the mailing listsend an emailview on google maps





                    copyright © 2025 stephen bulger gallery
            


manage cookies

                site by artlogic
        









this website uses cookiesthis site uses cookies to help make it more useful to you. please contact us to find out more about our cookie policy.

manage cookies
accept

















cookie preferences
check the boxes for the cookie categories you allow our site to use




cookie options

 strictly necessary
required for the website to function and cannot be disabled.


 preferences and functionality
improve your experience on the website by storing choices you make about how it should function.


 statistics
allow us to collect anonymous usage data in order to improve the experience on our website.


 marketing
allow us to identify our visitors so that we can offer personalised, targeted marketing.



save preferences













