
















city of sanford, nc | official website









  















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    government      services      our community      how do i...      resident resources  


 

 

 

 





 












 














alerts & notifications








make a payment










 
 
 



 














permits








alerts










 
 










 



agendas










 
 














employment










 
 
 

























 














news & announcements
 






  
 
 















ncdot seeks input on 2026-2035 transportation improvement plan 


sanford residents encouraged to join public input on transportation's future.			






remembering link boykin, sanford's most prominent builder 


in celebration of black history month, the city of sanford is sharing the story of one of sanford's early businessmen.			






sanford to plant 150th tree to celebrate 150 years 


tree donors will receive a special certificate and recognition.			






city seeks proposals for lawn maintenance services 


the ideal candidate will have experience with municipal lawn maintenance.			






city moving forward with park renovation 


the parks department seeks proposals from firms to manage the process.			






registration for sanford 101 now open 


the program provides an inside look at local government.			






collazo named chief of sfd’s new risk reduction division 


collazo was also promoted to fire marshal.			






stephens promoted to financial services director 


stephens began serving in the role as of january following the retirement of glenda rosser.			






inspections division streamlining building permit process 


the new process will go into effect on tuesday, january 21, 2025.			






site selected for mobility hub; next phase of planning begins 


get involved and follow the hub's progress on our projects hub.			






abc board now accepting submissions for $3,500 scholarship award 


the deadline to apply is april 18, 2025.			






sanford parks department planning a fun – and busy – new year 


the department has developed a variety of offerings to keep you outside all year.			






christmas tree recycling: curbside pickup for sanford residents 


give your natural christmas tree a different purpose after the holidays.			






sanford prepares for the future with fire station #5 


the facility is strategically located to provide fire protection to the northern parts of the city.			






public invited to participate in fair housing workshop 


the workshop will be tuesday at 6pm at the dennis a. wicker civic center.			






city of sanford announces ribbon cutting for fire station #5 


the ribbon cutting will be on december 4 at 3945 colon road.			






sanford starts downtown transformation with marketplace groundbreaking 


anticipated for completion in 2025, the marketplace will act as a gateway to the future sanford central green.			






city of sanford named one of the triangle’s healthiest employers 


the program recognizes organizations that put their people first by investing in the health of their employees.			






marketplace awarded tobacco trust fund commission grant 


commission members presented the check prior to the marketplace groundbreaking on november 21, 2024.			






groundbreaking set for agricultural marketplace 


the groundbreaking will be held on thursday, november 21 at 2:30 p.m.			






sanford to merge utilities with siler city, chatham county 


the utility assets from siler city and chatham county will transfer to sanford on july 1, 2025.			






appearance commission seeks artist for southern lee mural 


proposals must be submitted by january 17, 2025, at 5:00 p.m.			






city offers multi-day workshop for public input on mobility hub 


the workshop will offer the public a chance to make and see recommendations in real time.			






city joins 'operation green light' this week 


the city of sanford will light the sanford veterans memorial green today through monday.			






partners break ground on historic water facility expansion 


the expansion project is anticipated for completion in 2028.			






partners to break ground on water facility expansion 


the facility expansion will ensure reliable access to water for the central north carolina region for the next 20 years.						read on...







sanford considers siler city, chatham utility merger 


should a merger take place, it would be effective july 1, 2025.			






city earns excellence award for financial reporting 


this is the city’s 44th consecutive year being recognized for governmental accounting and financial reporting.			






city, partners work together to accomplish big goals with marketplace 


partners moving closer to sanford agricultural marketplace groundbreaking.			






city awarded $230k grant to improve walter mcneil jr. park 


the parks and recreation trust fund grant will be official in early november.			






visit sanford announces 2023 visitor impact for lee county 


visitor spending in lee county increased by 8.6 percent to $104.59 million in 2023.			






rhodes selected for state legislative policy committee 


rhodes joins 64 members from across the state to represent the needs of north carolina's residents.			






city clear to complete sanford central green 


the city can move forward with its vision for an innovative public space following a settlement in a lawsuit over the singer property.			






mayor rescinds state of emergency declaration 


the declaration of recension goes into effect on saturday, august 10 at 8 a.m.			






150 trees to celebrate 150 years 


the sanford appearance commission hopes to plant 50 more trees before the end of the year.			






sanford water utility services now provided by tririver water 


the transition went into effect on monday, july 1, 2024.			






sanford fire chief earns executive designation 


chief matt arnold has graduated from the national fire academy's multi-year executive fire officer program.			






utility service rate increases to take effect july 1 


sanford water users will see a 6% increase for both water and wastewater services.			






proposed municipal budget for fy 2024-2025 now available 


sanford city council has set two dates to discuss the budget as proposed.			






prince motel demo clears way for downtown’s next chapter 


this momentous occasion for our city and turning point for downtown was truly a team effort.			






tririver water faqs now available 


tririver water will provide all water services for sanford and pittsboro starting july 1, 2024.			






city adds robots to grounds maintenance fleet 


the goal is to use emerging technology to provide residents with the quality of service they have come to expect, despite the challenges of a growing city.			






introducing tririver water: an innovative solution to regional water needs 


the city of sanford will provide water and wastewater services as tririver water starting in july.			






proposed udo amendments final draft now available 


there are three opportunities for the public to learn more about the proposed amendments.			






kyowa kirin selects sanford for new facility 


kyowa kirin will acquire 75 acres for a new state-of-the-art manufacturing facility at helix innovation park at the brickyard in sanford.						read on...







city of sanford to test mass notification system 


the test will begin at 8am and will only affect city of sanford water customers.						read on...







honoring captain donald quick, the city of sanford’s first black fire fighter 


in celebration of black history month, the city of sanford is sharing the story of the first black fire fighter to join the sanford fire department.						read on...







rosser promoted to financial services director 


glenda rosser joined the city of sanford in august 2009 and most recently served as financial services manager.						read on...







sanford central green set to transform section of downtown 


the vision for a downtown community greenspace will transform the area for generations to come.						read on...







city of sanford announces organizational changes 


victor czar and beth kelly have been promoted to the newly added assistant city manager positions.						read on...







city of sanford recognized as an official bee city 


the designation is given to cities, towns, and counties that have committed to the conservation of native pollinators.						read on...







depot park to close soon for building renovation 


depot park will soon close to the public as the city of sanford renovates the depot building.						read on...







sanford breaks ground on new fire station 


the groundbreaking ceremony was held on tuesday, august 29, 2023.						read on...







ncdot publishes transit oriented development study 


communities along the s-line rail corridor now have plans and strategies to prepare for transit oriented development.						read on...







sanford fire department receives $338k fema grant 


funds are earmarked for emergency response needs, such as protective gear, emergency vehicles, and/or training.						read on...







city earns excellence award for financial reporting 


the recognition was awarded for the city of sanford's annual comprehensive financial report.						read on...







sanford and pittsboro sign historic utility merger agreement 


the city of sanford and the town of pittsboro have agreed to merge utilities.						read on...







city set to expand water filtration facility with partners 


sanford, fuquay-varina, holly springs and pittsboro will form a regional partnership to meet each municipality’s water needs.						read on...







city credits team effort for cleaning up the prince 


after years of battling crime and blight at the prince downtown motel, the city of sanford and its community partners have worked together to stop its nuisance activities -- permanently.						read on...







downtown sanford inc awarded msd management contract 


the downtown sanford msd management contract takes effect july 1, 2023 and runs through june 30, 2028.						read on...







sanford and pittsboro consider utility merger 


if both the merger is executed, pittsboro’s assets would be transferred to sanford no later than june 30, 2024.						read on...







city residents donate to sanford cares utility assistance program 


the contribution will help residents struggling to pay their water and sewer bills.						read on...







remembering the late jackie pearce 


in celebration of women's history month, the city is highlighting jackie pearce, the first woman elected to sanford city council.						read on...







former mayor recognized as 'main street champion' 


former mayor chet mann was nominated for the award for his contributions to the economic development of downtown sanford.						read on...







city launches project hub 


the hub is a central location for residents to learn about current and ongoing projects.						read on...







remembering the late walter mcneil, jr. 


celebration of black history month by remembering the late walter mcneil, jr.						read on...







tjcog awarded $250k to study road safety in sanford 


award includes improvement plans for broadway, lee county, and morrisville.						read on...







city offers options to avoid lengthy mail processing times 


to accommodate slowed postal delivery, the city of sanford offers several payment options to help customers to avoid mail.						read on...







ting internet installing fiber in sanford 


all locate paint marks, flags, and digging will take place in the public right of way.						read on...







city awarded $5.8 million for affordable housing initiatives 


the funds will be used for two neighborhood revitalization projects.						read on...







city commits $4.2m for affordable housing, downtown transformation 


initiatives will leverage grant opportunities and partnerships to 'jumpstart the next wave of revitalization.'						read on...







city of sanford celebrates completion of 226 linden avenue 


the project yielded 5 permanent, affordable housing units for families who live below the poverty line.						read on...







piedmont blues celebrates sanford’s musical heritage 


mural showcases sanford's connection between piedmont blues music and rock band pink floyd.						read on...







$3.4m grant awarded to s-line mobility hub planning project 


the grant was announced tuesday at a media event at depot park.						read on...







sanford launches revamped municipal website 


the site underwent a comprehensive redesign process by civicplus, a leading government website provider.						read on...







city council approves system development fees 


the fees will apply to all newly connecting water and wastewater customers, effective september 1, 2022.						read on...







sanford hires new fire chief 


chief matthew arnold will fill the vacancy left by chief wayne barber in january.						read on...







sanford ag marketplace awarded rural transformation grant 


the city of sanford has been awarded $900,000 to develop the marketplace in downtown sanford.						read on...







youth council donates 900+ books to local schools 


the donations were made possible by funds from the race to read 5k, last held in 2017.						read on...







sanford's vision leads to historic economic development deal 


historic transformation started with innovative water and wastewater projects helmed by the city of sanford.						read on...







public works department recognized as main street champion 


the recognition is awarded by the n.c. department of commerce.						read on...






customer service department gives gifts to nursing center 


the city of sanford’s customer service department delivered gifts to residents at a sanford nursing home today.						read on...







city projects recognized for excellence in engineering 


two sanford projects have received excellence awards from the american council of engineering companies of north carolina.						read on...







city of sanford fire chief recognized as hometown hero 


chief wayne barber of the sanford fire department was honored by the nc automobile dealers association.						read on...







three benches donated to the city of sanford 


shook construction has donated the benches for use at kiwanis family park						read on...







street pianos coming to downtown sanford 


the pianos have been hand painted by local artists.						read on...







free wi-fi now available in downtown sanford 


lee county government, the city of sanford, and downtown sanford have partnered to provide free wi-fi.						read on...







pilgrim’s to build sanford agricultural marketplace with hometown strong funds 


pilgrim’s will contribute $505,000 to establish a permanent home for the sanford agricultural marketplace in downtown.						read on...







ncdot awarded grant for passenger rail in sanford 


the funding will help sanford and five other communities develop plans for areas around s-line stations.						read on...







sha, city collaborate to offer housing for homeless families 


the project will develop five units to house homeless families.						read on...






charlie watson remembered at street rededication 


read on...






charlie watson lane rededication planned for wednesday 


read on...







sanford named tree city usa 


read on...







sanford one of nc's best places to retire 


read on...






benjamin moore to start work in sanford 


read on...






sanford welcomes downtown's new public space 


read on...






new lot kicks off downtown revitalization 


read on...






voters pass bond referendum 


read on...






public art finds permanent home in new downtown parking lot 


read on...






benjamin moore agrees: sanford's main street matters 


read on...






help paint sanford red (or blue or green) 


read on...







residents to vote on city's development future 


read on...







sanford pd adds csi vehicle to its arsenal 


read on...






depot park train gets a brand new look 


read on...






local leaders join forces to assess the scope homelessness 


read on...







greenway forum recap 


read on...







city to host meeting for homeless service providers 


local agencies and organizations invited to share challenges and needs.						read on...






spd offers pill drop box 


read on...







city saves $145k thanks to donated generator 


local business helps the city turn tragedy into a triumph for taxpayers.						read on...







city seeking comments on greenway extension 


read on...







spd offers virtual access to reports 


new website gives citizens quick access to accident and incident reports and arrests.						read on...







sanford is becoming even more playful 


read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














city calendar
 






  
 




 meetings
 events




 meetings










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




 
 
 
 
 
 
01

02
03
04
05
06
07
08

09
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 












tue, feb. 18



sanford city council regular meeting




sanford planning board









mon, feb. 24



historic preservation commission meeting








view all events




/calendar.aspx





 events










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




 
 
 
 
 
 
01

02
03
04
05
06
07
08

09
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 












sat, feb. 22



big rig adventure








view all events




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 



 














government








utilities










 
 














waste services








golf










 
 
 














parks








art










 
 














special events








current projects










 
 
 



 













police to citizen (p2c) portal 

use this online services portal to search for and print public safety incidents, crash reports, arrests, and access other useful information. these features are intended to provide convenience and greater ease of use.				look up reports










/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







the city of sanforddirectory225 e weatherspoon streetp.o. box 3729sanford, nc 27331monday - friday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
 






  
 







quick links







about us



why sanford?



downtown sanford



economic development



visit sanford nc



city events









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







using this site







accessibility



site map



translation



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 










     





 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




















  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









