







praise broadcasting network













































































































            podcast
          

        listen
      

            donate
          

            our mission
          

            blog
          

            contact
          










































































podcastlistendonateour missionblogcontact







the most beautiful music this side of heaven.











scroll








welcome to pbn radiothe most beautiful worship music this side of heaven.at praise broadcasting network we believe god has given us this station to send god's good word, and love across all nations. worship with us. let us know how we can pray for you. our station is free for anyone listening world-wide.

 


    how to listen
  



browse our podcast episodes









 

pbn radioprograms & schedulespraise broadcasting network is a 24hr live broadcast featuring hand picked worship music and the best in christian radio content. see below for network schedule and program listings.

  












praise until dawnlive show hosted by pat rutherford, president and founder of praise broadcasting network.listen to the podcast













a time aparta time apart was birthed long ago, yet it is just now making its debut. recognizing that none of my gifts involve teaching or preaching, claudia and i have wanted to have a single broadcast dedicated to testimonies, teachings and preaching that have specifically touched our hearts deeply. these broadcasts have been hand-picked by us in order to help you grow to become the man or woman god has called you to be. "a time apart" airs 10am & 10pm et, 7 days a week, and it can also be found in our podcasts designated with "ata" before the title.listen to the podcast

 






our missiontaking the uncompromising gospel of jesus to the world is one of the most important missions in this life. most use preaching and teaching. jesus has led praise broadcasting network on a different path: playing the most beautiful, intimate worship music this side of heaven 24 hours a day.




    donate today
  

 

















 

multiple ways to listenyou can find praise broadcasting network on many of your favorite platforms for streaming radio. we have gathered info around how to listen through each of these avenues.




    view ways to listen
  








support our stationdonate to pbn

 

we are a small family owned ministry. the only way we are able to reach the world, share god's word, and broadcast the most beautiful worship music this side of heaven is by your support. sign up to donate and support the mission of pbn radio today!

    









home



home - programs



home - our mission



home - listen other ways



copy of home - our mission












hours




listendonateour missionpodcastblogcontact




praise broadcasting network, inc. p.o. box 2468 asheboro, nc 27204









