








tullamarine airport parking | yoga health & wellness

























 

 






  



 


  menu

skip to content
home
information
privacy
contact



 





 






					how to relax – ideas for relief when you are stressed out				


 by  6yhdalpo9 |  october 25, 2021  - 5:38 pm |october 25, 2021  uncategorized  
comments off on how to relax – ideas for relief when you are stressed out 



the parasympathetic nervous system is the part of your autonomic nervous system that controls how you feel when you are at rest. it helps to regulate many bodily functions, including heart rate, digestion, and sexual arousal. one way it works is by slowing down the body’s reactions to stressors in order to promote relaxation. this can be helpful for people who have high levels of anxiety or depression because it allows them more time to process what they are feeling before making a decision about their next course of action. the fight or flight mode is when we are ready for action or ready to run – the opposite is rest and digest – when we should be relaxing and energizing after eating or activity.
when you’re stressed, take deep breaths. focus on your breathing and tell yourself that everything will be okay. when you get tense, try to loosen the tension with some stretches or gentle yoga moves before continuing with whatever task is stressing you out. you can also try humming or singing gently.
quiet down your inner “monkey mind” by placing something in front of it – like an art project, video game, book… whatever absorbs your attention for extended periods of time! listen to calming music where ever possible. sit outside when the air is fresh and brisk so you can feel invigorated by nature’s energy forces (and sit still!) practice mindfulness meditation, which helps train your brain to focus only on the here.
a lot of people can’t put up with life’s everyday hassles and they find themselves at the mercy of stress. a high cortisol level is often the result, perpetuating a cycle that’s tough to break out of.
5 tips to give you some relief when you’re feeling stressed out.

don’t neglect yourself – take time for yourself- spend quality time with good friends or family, get in some exercise every day, go on vacation if possible, take care of your health through proper nutrition and sleep habits (eight hours each night). easier said than done sometimes? yes it is! but taking care of the mind and body are important not only for relieving stress but also in maintaining a healthy lifestyle in general.
think about what you have going for you in life. everyone has challenges, but if we were all limited to talking about the negative things that happen to us every day then there would hardly be any happiness or humor in this world. so think of who loves you and who is proud of you and how much goodness is packed into your days when compared with bad stuff. what have been your biggest triumphs? who are your loved ones that you cherish the most?
listen to calming music (think classical) and go on a walk by yourself somewhere because screens make it too sedentary and social media.

relaxation tips after work

take a walk after work to clear your mind from any stress from work.
take a bath with some epsom salts and lavender essential oil or candles.
listen to relaxing music.
read a book or watch a movie to spend some quality time.
practice mindfulness meditation and deep breathing exercises.

relaxation tips during work
1) get up every 20-30 minutes. the key to relaxation is movement. even if you walk around your office, this will increase circulation and give you a break from the tedium of sitting all day.
2) look at pictures or call loved ones for 5-10 minutes. this tactic helps foster closeness while providing another form of stimulation that will keep your brain active and thus relaxes your mental state, creating an internal “vacation”.
3) take deep breaths for 10 seconds in between tasks to allow your body’s natural relaxation hormones (e.g., dopamine, endorphins) time to begin flowing again). when we feel stressed or anxious our breathing becomes short and shallow; by consciously.
4) give yourself 5 minutes to daydream about things you are looking forward to in your personal life. it’s the equivalent of counting sheep, but it’s less monotonous.
5) take a mini walk break for 5 minutes every hour or so. the fresh air may help clear your head and you’ll likely be calmer when returning to your desk after this break.
6) plan time away from work–once a week if possible–even if only 15 minutes at lunch so that you can use this time away from work as an opportunity to recharge both mentally and physically without feeling like you’re taking more time off than necessary (3 hours per day is not unreasonable).
7) breathe.
8) stretch your muscles.
9) change your environment or activity if possible.
10) play calming music or low level noise in the background. 5) take a five minute break every hour to do something unrelated.
11) breathe!!! again! remember to breathe! relaxing is largely done by rejuvenating rather than exhausting oneself, so take breaks when you need them!
 







					melbourne long term airport parking				


 by  6yhdalpo9 |  may 4, 2016  - 2:33 am |january 10, 2018  airport parking  
comments off on melbourne long term airport parking 



parking in major airports is usually a nightmare to any traveler owing to the limited availability of space as well as the exorbitant fees that have to be parted with. melbourne airport is undoubtedly not an exception to this somewhat universal rule. 
being perfectly aware of this unfortunate predicament, the management of the airport has developed a lower priced alternative option for long term parking melbourne airport options that are exclusively designed for long-term travelers who choose to leave their cars parked at the airport precincts throughout the entire duration of their travels. get more details here – https://www.unitedairportparking.com.au quotes and prices may vary according to the season, and spots cannot always be guaranteed due to seasonal and capacity factors.
this parking scheme’s finer details such as eligibility, services on offer, duration, billing, and directions form the subject of the proceeding review: 
eligibility
any traveler is basically eligible for this parking option. however, a height limit of 2.5 metres is imposed on all vehicles which mean that only saloon cars and sporting utility vehicles may be accommodated. owners of buses, lorries, shuttles, and other larger vehicles are thus technically left out. 
services on offer
this parking scheme is accompanied by several parking-related services that are aimed at facilitating the entry into the airport terminal within the airport’s premises. these allied services include disability services that are geared towards the comfort and welfare of the lame, the mute, the dumb, the blind, and the crippled, among others; and airport transfer shuttles that ferry the passengers to and from the car park and the airport terminal.
duration and billing
for the purposes of billing and also owing to the limited availability of parking lots, parking duration is highly regulated. the three main maximum time slots within which cars may be parked under this scheme are 2 days, 7 days, and 21 days. they cost $18.00, $48.00, and $99.00 respectively. parking duration may still be tailored to the unique needs of the car owners. 
directions
there are two main ways through which the long term parking lots may be accessed by any would-be visitor. the first way is through the tullamarine freeway via city link. drivers are to exit the freeway at the mercer drive exit after which they are to enter the long term car park. 
the second way is through the sunbury road. drivers are to exit the road at the melbourne airport exit and get into the centre road under the freeway. they are then required to stay in the left lane and continue across the terminal drive intersection. they are finally to join left onto the airport drive after which they are to enter the car park which is located around 300 metres to their left.

the airport’s website has a special page that is entirely dedicated to its long term airport parking facility which also provides would-be clients with all the necessary pieces of information such as terms and conditions of references and pricing details they naturally require to get started. as a general rule, the earlier a parking lot is booked, the cheaper it is. would-be clients are thus strongly encouraged to book online prior to their utilisation of the airport’s parking facilities to save on costs.
 







					airport parking – what are your best options in melbourne?				


 by  6yhdalpo9 |  may 6, 2014  - 11:56 pm |may 7, 2014  airport parking  
comments off on airport parking – what are your best options in melbourne? 



best airport parking options in melbourne
if you live in melbourne, and you are going to fly out of australia on a trip for a week or two, one of the worst decisions that you could make is to park your car at the airport. the cost of airport parking melbourne has skyrocketed in recent years, making it a very unaffordable choice for most people. it’s as if they simply don’t want people parking there, or they know that some people have no choice but to park, and therefore want to get as much money out of them as possible. this is true for many companies that offer parking including baseball, football or any other type of stadium or business where patrons need to use their parking facilities. as a result of this, people are trying to find different ways to avoid parking at the melbourne airport, and there are quite a few options. here are a few tips on how to save money on airport melbourne parking, helping you to save money the next time you have to fly out of melbourne airport.
check out the long-term carparks
one of the best ways to save money, if you have no other option but to park at the melbourne airport, is to look at the long-term parking options that they offer. for instance, if you park for just one day, it’s going to cost you around $40. however, if you are going on a weeklong trip, the total cost is about $100, making each day of parking about $15 a day. you are essentially getting a $25 discount everyday by using the long-term options. however, $100 is still a lot of money, and it’s even more if you were gone for a couple weeks. in order to avoid these outrageous parking fees, here are a few options to consider.
airport shuttles to melbourne airport
you can contact one of the many shuttle services in melbourne that offer shuttles to the airport itself. if you are traveling through melbourne, you more than likely have a free shuttle at your hotel that will take you to the hotel once you arrive, and take you back to the airport when it is time to depart. you can also get shuttle service which will cost far less if you simply want to save money on parking for a couple weeks. there is another way that you can also save money on parking which is by contacting one of the many taxi services.
taxis to melbourne airport
if you decide to take a taxi, this is something that many people do. even people that have arrived in melbourne that are going to a hotel that does not offer shuttle service will use a taxi service. the cost can be up to $50, even more, depending upon how far you have to drive. as a result of this, it might be a better option to get a ride to the airport.
ask friends and family for a ride
the best option of all is to make sure that friends and family know that you are going to be flying out of melbourne airport. if you can coordinate with one of these individuals, it can save you the cost of parking there, or the cost of a taxi ride. hopefully, they will also be able to give you a ride back to your home once you get back to melbourne. this is the cheapest way to save money on your travel itinerary, especially when it comes to parking.
these simple suggestions for saving money on airport parking should allow you to not spend too much in getting to the airport, and getting back home. although taxis and shuttles are available, and you can also save money with melbourne airport long-term parking, it’s better to talk to people that you know to get a ride for free.
 

tagged find the best rates to park near melbourne airport






					how does off-site melbourne airport parking  work?				


 by  6yhdalpo9 |  february 18, 2014  - 7:42 am |june 1, 2019  uncategorized  
comments off on how does off-site melbourne airport parking  work? 



have you ever booked into an online airport parking service? you may be wondering how it works? well, i am glad that you asked because it is really quite simple. all you need to do is go online to their website and follow the easy to navigate instructions. there are a variety of airport parking websites in australia where you can easily book online.
the first thing that you will notice when you start the procedure is that the site will show you all of the available options. this will include a variety of time saving pieces of information such as the prices, the distance from each of the terminals, how often the shuttle bus comes and goes, the different services that are available and as a bonus, customer reviews from real customers, both positive and negative.
you make the final decision on which is the best airport parking lot to park your vehicle. then you choose your reserved parking stall. finally, you forward a small, refundable deposit to our site and we will secure your discounted price and your spot.
we then send all of your information to the appropriate parking in time for them to prepare for the day of your arrival. when you arrive at the parking lot, just remember to bring a copy of your reservation number. this confirmation will verify that you are the person that has paid for this spot. many companies operate differently with regard to the way they do their bookings, but most require a credit card when you book.
it may seem simple and in reality it is. it is just that easy to do. the advantage of using this service is that it eliminates the many frustrations of where to park when arriving at the airport. we all know that with the advanced airport security, we cannot allow anything out of the ordinary to occur that will cause us to miss our flight. that is why it is a good thing to book a parking spot ahead of time.
however the best way to save money and have peace of mind is to use off-site airport parking in melbourne at http://www.bestmelbourneairportparking.com  – don’t park at the terminal – park near the airport and catch a shuttle bus to the airport instead. its cheaper and secure, and you won’t have to catch a taxi! we hope you have gleaned some excellent tips for your next holiday or business trip.
 







					information about search engine optimisation for melbourne businesses				


 by  6yhdalpo9 |  february 17, 2014  - 2:09 am |january 10, 2018  search engine optimisation, uncategorized  
comments off on information about search engine optimisation for melbourne businesses 



how to select an seo company in melbourne
most people finding out about seo will often ask – what is seo? this is a very common question, and can be answered as simply as – helping websites get more traffic online!
you want to make more money and ranking on the first page of google is a sure fire way to earn more money. unfortunately, you don’t really know the nuts and bolts of doing seo and how to rank a site. sure, you might have a layman’s understanding of what http://topspotseo.com.au is about but you have never done it. right now it is just a set of ideas that you have read about. you have an intellectual understanding about it but no practical experience. you are like the girl who has never been kissed but who has read 100 romance novels. it is a fantasy for you. seo companies are reality dealers, they are a group of people who make their listing getting people on the first page of google. the first page of google = where the money is made. you want to get there and you need to hire and seo company to help you get there. there are many companies competing in this field – and it is tricky to find the right company for you.

the problem: too many seo companies in melbourne
if we were not good at what we did, then this would also be our problem. we would be crying, “oh noooo too much competition.” but we aren’t doing that, are we? we are great at what we do so we don’t have to worry about the competition, we don’t even have to worry about writing an article such as this one that might lead you to another company because we know that all seo roads in melbourne lead right back to us.
what a cocky thing to say, right? success and know how do that to people, plus we are nerds and this is one area where we thrive. it’s our niche and it is where we are the kings.

what you need to know
you need to first know that not all seo companies are created the same. there are great companies and ones who suck. we will teach you how to find a great company.
look for companies who can provide you with proof of their work. the lesser companies won’t do this. their excuse is that they don’t want to disrespect their clients and share information with people who might be competing with their clients. on the surface this sounds great, stand up and respectful. underneath the deceit this is a lie! any seo company should have a host of sites that do not belong to their client that they should be able to show you without sharing client information.
 






 

february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« oct
 
 
 tullamarine airport parking | yoga & wellnesshow to relax – ideas for relief when you are stressed outmelbourne long term airport parkingairport parking – what are your best options in melbourne?how does off-site melbourne airport parking  work?information about search engine optimisation for melbourne businesses

recent posts


how to relax – ideas for relief when you are stressed out


melbourne long term airport parking


airport parking – what are your best options in melbourne?


how does off-site melbourne airport parking  work?


information about search engine optimisation for melbourne businesses


archives

october 2021
may 2016
may 2014
february 2014

categories

airport parking

search engine optimisation

uncategorized


 





 







		tullamarine airport parking | yoga & wellness | powered by mantra &   wordpress.	
 






