

















discover more - cypress diagnostics






































english
français
português
русский
español



distributor |
                                                      sales |
                                                      
                                                          login
                                                      




















downloads


            0







you have not selected any downloads.




 







home


about


products


learn 







how to use the cyanvision


how to use the cyanelite 290


how to use the cyanhemato 380


how to check the accuracy and linearity of your analyzer


what are application sheets?


making your lab more profitable









quality 







warranty policy


market surveillance


analyzer maintenance request









updates


contact














reagents

                        cypress diagnostics is internationally known for the quality of its reagents.
                    



                        our reagents are convenient, profitable, and precise. experience the reliability you expect.
                    



                                                                                        discover more







cyanvision

                        the cyanvision is our semi-automatic biochemistry analyzer with durable led light technology.
                    



                        enjoy the 10 inch touchscreen experience and the benefit of the work list.
                    



                                                                                    discover more







cyanelite 290

                        the cyanelite 290 is the ideal automation solution for biochemistry labs that process 60 to 290 tests per day.
                    



                        the cyanelite 290 runs three times more tests per kit than a semi-automatic biochemistry analyzer. it has reagent cooling, splendid software, emergency testing, and more.
                    



                                                                                    discover more







cyanhemato 380

                        the cyanhemato 380 is our hematology analyzer, running up to 80 tests per hour.
                    



                        the cyanhemato 380 provides a comprehensive clinical assessment of hematological samples, including quantification and, where relevant, graphical displays of thrombocytes, platelets, hematocrit, erythrocytes, lymphocytes, granulocytes, and monocytes.
                    



                                                                                    discover more














the catalog









                                                                                    download







iso 13485 certificate









                                                                                    download







temperature monitoring





                        temperature.cloud is an automated digital temperature monitoring solution with numerous benefits in terms of accuracy, efficiency, and data integrity.
                    



                                                                                    download













disclaimer: this information is indicative and subject to change without prior notice. use the documentation included with the products. 
if in doubt, contact us.














contact us








nijverheidsstraat 8
2235 hulshout, belgium 








cypress@diagnostics.be





+32 15 67 67 68











cypress diagnostics


cypress diagnostics is a supplier for clinical laboratories. we give doctors objective, precise, and reliable in-vitro diagnostic results.  our products screen, diagnose, and monitor the world's most common diseases.










© copyright cypress diagnostics


all rights reserved 
                                                                |  
                                                                        privacy policy 
                                                        
                                                                |  
                                                                        disclaimer























