






comiskey – our family website




































		skip to content	



 




comiskey
our family website

  
			scroll down to content		












home


welcome!
you’ll find news about our

family
prayer needs
current ministry

joel’s books, articles, powerpoints, dissertation, tutorials, and 2024 speaking schedule are now located at joel comiskey group.
check out comiskey’s  2022 book project. if you’re interested in cell ministry and want a free monthly “cell email newsletter” from joel comiskey, click here to send in your request.
comments and suggestions are greatly appreciated.send e-mail to: joelcomiskey@msn.com or celycecomiskey@msn.com.












family


our family
we are living in moreno valley, california and have three children: sarah (31), nicole (29), and chelsea (27).
check out joel’s background and learn more about celyce.
find out about

sarah
nicole
chelsea












praise & prayer


praise & prayer
praise

for updating many of joel’s earlier books, like home cell group explosion. 
for our three grandchildren: levi, isaiah, and finn mathias.
for god’s guidance at nuevo amanecer (c&ma) in los angeles, california (pastor moises and ingrid valentin), help them transition to cell-based ministry.
for god’s continued blessing over our lives and ministry.

prayer

for god’s anointing on joel’s seminar speaking in 2024. pray for god’s protection.
for celyce she ministers as an adjunct faculty at talbot seminary in spiritual formation.
for god’s wisdom about moving from moreno valley (it seems god is directing us to move from moreno valley to the east long beach area). 
for god to provide all the non-profit support needed through joel comiskey group.
for god’s blessing and protection on sarah (and family), nicole, and chelsea.

prayer covering: god revolutionized our lives in 1995 after reading peter wagner’s prayer shield (regal books, 1992). both celyce and i  realized it wasn’t enough to send “prayer letters” to friends.  we needed to have specific prayer partners. god has given us a handful of front-line prayer warriors who pray daily for us,  while others have chosen to pray at least once per week. if you pray regularly for us (at least once per week), let us know by writing to us at joelcomiskey@msn.com, and we will stay in close contact with you.












ministries


ministries
writing ministry
writing continues to be the major passion of joel’s life.
president of joel comiskey group
the board directs joel comiskey group and holds joel and celyce accountable. support raising is also a part of the board-approved plan.
cell church coach and spiritual director
joel is coaching pastors from various denominations and apostolic networks. celyce is offering spiritual direction to talbot students and other leaders. she has been asked to be an adjunct faculty cohort leader at talbot seminary and offer spiritual direction. 
seminar speaker and adjunct professor
joel and celyce have a full schedule of seminars in different parts of the world for 2024. joel is an adjunct professor at indiana wesleyan university, tozer seminary, and  b.h. carroll theological institute









resources


available resources
joel’s books, articles, tapes/videos, dissertation and tutorials are all located at the joel comiskey group web site.
joel comiskey group is a tax exempt, non-profit organization dedicated to helping to complete the great commission in this century by  planting new cell churches and transitioning existing churches to cell-based ministry. the joel comiskey group phone number is: 1-888-511-9995. for more background on jcg, click here.












 comiskey.org
our family website

newsletter signup
sign up for free monthly cell newslettersignup here

 

navigationhome
prayer needs
current ministry
 



		proudly powered by wordpress	
























































































































































































