






oral health care & dental insurance | dentaquest





























skip to main content































english


español
























members


providers


solutions


who we serve


about


news & resources







find a dentist




login
























open menu






english


español








find a dentist




login






members


providers


solutions


who we serve


about


news & resources









login




account type

select
broker
client
member - government plans
member - individual plans
provider



select a state

select



select a plan

select




proceed to login





























welcome, members

let's get started.








welcome, members

let's get started.
























need to pay your dentaquest bill? log into your member portal




log in





















        are you a provider?
      

log in to your portal, access training and plan info or discover how to join our national dental network.


start here










        want to sell dental plans?
      

brokers can sell and earn more with dental plans designed for every customer's budget.


get appointed










        need a benefits partner?
      

as the second largest national provider of dental benefits, we have a solution to meet your needs.


let's explore































        join our provider network.
    
we keep it simple. from credentialing, authorizations and claims processing, to network training and patient engagement, we are committed to driving value for your dental practice. let us alleviate administrative hassle so you can focus on treating patients.


join us















what we offer












        dental benefits administration
    
we get dental and do it better than anyone, so our clients don't have to. we serve more medicaid enrollees than any other dental benefits administrator, and approximately 37 million members nationwide, with solutions backed by unmatched technology and proven processes.

medicaid/chip solutionsmedicare advantage solutionscommercial solutionsvision solutions


explore solutions








        individual and family dental insurance plans
    
various dental plans at affordable prices points are available on the health insurance exchange marketplace in many states, giving individuals and families access to prevention-focused, quality dental care.

marketplace planspersonal plans


browse plans
























what's new







"card 1 of 3:  dentaquest selected to administer dental benefits for california’s medicaid dmc program



press release

                        dentaquest selected to administer dental benefits for california’s medicaid dmc program
                    
nearly half a million californians to be served across all dental benefits programs




"card 2 of 3:  dentaquest sponsors free pop-up dental clinic in sioux city



press release

                        dentaquest sponsors free pop-up dental clinic in sioux city
                    
support for mission of mercy gives access to preventive and restorative dental care to individuals in need




"card 3 of 3:  sun life u.s. and dentaquest donate $145,000 to hurricane helene relief efforts in florida, georgia, south carolina, north carolina and tennessee



press release

                        sun life u.s. and dentaquest donate $145,000 to hurricane helene relief efforts in florida, georgia, south carolina, north carolina and tennessee
                    







                    view card 1 of 3: dentaquest selected to administer dental benefits for california’s medicaid dmc program
                



                    view card 2 of 3: dentaquest sponsors free pop-up dental clinic in sioux city
                



                    view card 3 of 3: sun life u.s. and dentaquest donate $145,000 to hurricane helene relief efforts in florida, georgia, south carolina, north carolina and tennessee
                









view all
















improving the oral health of all




good oral health is a human right. getting it, and keeping it, is easier for some, but nearly impossible for many. with prevention, health equity and access to quality care, we can ensure better health outcomes one smile at a time. watch the video to learn more about our mission.











play video










































preventistry pulse




the newsletter designed for anyone who wants to improve oral health for themselves, their families, customers or communities.







































we value your privacy
this site uses cookies and related technologies, as described in our privacy policy.























96 worcester street
wellesley hills, massachusetts
02481







facebook




linkedin




instagram













members




providers




who we serve
health plans
state agencies
employer groups
brokers




what we offer
medicaid/chip
 solutions
medicare advantage
 solutions
commercial
 solutions
marketplace
 solutions
dental network
vision solutions
systems and
 technology




about us
careers
news &
 resources
contact us
security




terms of use
hipaa privacy policy
notice of privacy
 practices
internet privacy
 policy
nondiscrimination
 notice
report fraud

statement about
 incentives
interoperability api










copyright 2025 dentaquest. all rights reserved.


























