

home page








site mapearth historyclimate historyresearchsoftwareorder formcreditsanimations





 

goal of the paleomap project




the goal of the paleomap project is to illustrate the plate tectonic development of
        the ocean basins and continents, as well as the changing distribution of land and sea
        during the past 1100 million years.



in the earth history section of this website are
        full-color paleogeographic maps showing the ancient mountain ranges and shorelines, active
        plate boundaries, and the extent of paleoclimatic belts.

new 
app for ipad/iphone, "ancient earth: breakup of pangea". 
          a scalable, rotatable, and completely interactive paleoglobe animation. download from the app store or visit our website, 
(www.ancient-earth.com), or search for "ancient earth" at the (app store)

3d movable paleoglobes. 
          interactive 3d virtual object - globes that you and manipulate,
          rotate, and view from many angles.  times available:  modern
          globe,  miocene (20 ma),  k/t boundary (65
          ma),  late cretaceous (80 ma), 
          early cretaceous (120 ma),  earliest cretaceous (140
          ma),  pangea - earliest
          jurassic (200 ma), early permian (280 ma).

3d
          paleogeographic animations.  a sample of the new 3d
          topographic and bathymetric models that can be visualized as stunning
          3d globes.  3d animations of the latest
          cretaceous,  cretaceous, early permian. and the
          middle devonian.



(check these out!)  animations

        you can view from your browser.  pangea  
          precambrian    paleozoic  3d-cretaceous     3d-permian  
          3d-late cretaceous   3d-early
          devonian  pacific  n. atlantic 
          gondwana    global
          tectonics   north pole 
          future  india 
          caribbean   paleoclimate   

in the climate history section is a discussion
        of how and why the earth's climate has changed through time.

future maps showing positions of continents in
        the future and formation of "pangea ultima"

paleo-globes (4" diameter spheres) 
          make your own paleoglobe ! and esh-gis 1.0 (arcview), the first earth history
          geographic information system.  



in the methods section, find out
        how these paleogeographic maps were made, what the scientific basis for the maps are, and
        what software was used to produce the maps.

the atlas has been 30 years in the making.  in the  history of the atlas section describes the who, when,
          what and
        where that went into producing the paleogeographic atlas. a  list of key references is also provided.

license information  if you would like to use paleomap
          images or 3d digital models give us a call  (888 288 0160)
          or email  us at cscotese ( at ) gmail.com.

 


research & scientific publicationsthe
    research section of this website describes the current research
    of the  paleomap project.  this research includes:


an atlas of plate tectonic reconstructions (back to 200 mya) with antonio schettino
a set of 10 maps showing plate tectonics into the far future
an animation of the evolution of the north pacific, with  warren nokleberg, usgs
          and colleagues
a revised set of paleogeographic maps (40 new maps back to 750 mya)
a global database of climatically sensitive lithofacies compiled by a. j. boucot
4-dimensional globes, that spin and animate back through time
for other interesting websites:  links






teaching materialthe
    paleomap project publishes the results of its research in a variety of formats useful for
    teaching and research:

atlases & animationsatlases & animations  showing
        the plate tectonic, paleogeographic, climatic, oceanographic, and biogeographic development
        of the earth during the last 1100 million years.



software  (win  & arcview) that
        makes maps of the past, suitable for publication or for use in  earth science labs
        and courses.

  paleo-globes
(2", 4" & 6" diameter spheres)  hold the ancient world in your hands! free stuff!  (free sample
            - pangea antenna ball)

esh-gis 2.0


esh-gis 2.0
        (arcview)   46 time slices with reconstructed shapefiles. free
        stuff!  (free sample arcview time slice)



teaching materials for
        labs, textbooks, classroom instruction, and museum exhibits.



quick time animations  illustrating plate motions and changing paleogeography.

cd-roms with digital image files, animations and
        laboratory exercises for introductory geology classes. 



special discounts for high school, middle school
        & secondary schools

free stuff! free stuff!
  (more free stuff is on it's way.   send me an email (cscotese ( at ) gmail.com) and tell me what else you would
        like to be able to download for free from this site.)





 


for more information 
email us at cscotese ( at ) gmail.com
02/02/03

