





motobecane usa





































 

 





home
category

full suspension
hardtail
fat bikes
road
triathlon
lifestyle
womens bikes
electric bikes

frame material
aluminum
carbon
titanium
high grade steel

reviews
tech
warranty




select by model coming soon
 
















the road to happiness
						





















new electric bikes learn more click here
we believe...
the road to happiness is best traveled on a bicycle






























read more reviews
large pic




fly team 29 titanium  - decline h3 publications
"the fly team(29) swoops around big sweeping, high speed turns like a train on rails and motors across minute trail debris with the same powerful locomotion...the fly team(29) seems to go faster and faster...a deal that is hard to pass up, offering a high qualty frame with a rad parts spec." 
fly 9357 - bike
"this bike is an absolute feather. you can have the lightest bike on the block for about the same price as most people pay for their wheels. the lightweight flyer screams up hills with no hint of bottom bracket flex. how does motobecane do it?"
fly team - mountain bike action
"is 19.9 pounds too light?" "how is it possible for motobecane to sell an under-20-pound (mountain) bike for a such an incredible price? one thing is certain; you'll always win in the price department with this incredible deal. the fly team makes you feel like a superstar from the git-go. the 19.9 pound fly team simply motors"
x4b 2.0 - bicycling
"four-bar suspension with 4 inch of travel at a price where most bikes have single-pivot, if any."
fly team - mountain biking magazine
xc race bike of the year! "the more we do the math, the harder it was to believe the price at which the motobecane package leaves the shop. performance of the frame and parts spec is on the highest level"
			  
century pro - bicycling magazine
bicycling magazine compares a motobecane century pro to a $10,000 merlin in a full test ride article! "the gap between cost and performance simply isn't big enough to justify all the extra cash. the motobecane delivers the goods with enough money left for a trip for two to the giro d'italia. the motobecane is a shining example of solid design with good spec and a fine ride at a great price."
fantom xc - bicycling magazine
"a light frame and good spec make motobecane's xc racer fast and fun. typically, you find these parts on bikes that cost thousands of dollars more...perhaps the only bike specifically designed for budding xc or 24-hour racers."
					
fly team ti - mountain bike action
"the tight controls and frame angles are so lively it's easy for the rider to find his zone. the fly rider will have an overwhelming desire to sprint past the front row and take the lead. in or out of the saddle, the 20 pounder retains complete steering precision on ultra steep grades without a hint of bar wagging or over-steering."





 



[usa] | warranty & legal | carbon fiber care | privacy policy |  contact
 © 1986-present motobecane usa.  all rights reserved. * pricing is set by motobecane usa retailers and does not include freight, import duties or taxes for retailers outside of the us.





>