

























paperworld: business platform for paper, office supplies and stationery products





skip





back


close navigation



home






paperworld dates
all paperworld dates at a glance




contact







conzoom circle














close search

search




overall search










overall search





search














close


                    share
                




facebook





x





linkedin





xing





whatsapp





line





recommend page by email





copy to clipboard






















menu


search















en




                    de (de) - deutsch
                



                    en (gb) - english
                




































paper, office supplies and stationery






paperworld, as a business platform for paper, office supplies and stationery, offers trade fairs in dubai, mumbai, shanghai and hong kong. in frankfurt you can find the paper and stationery sector at ambiente and the parallel trade fairs christmasworld and creativeworld.







paper and stationery in frankfurt


paperworld middle east


paperworld china


paperworld india


hong kong international stationery & school supplies fair










paper and stationery in frankfurt
at ambiente you can expect an attractive mix of brands and a comprehensive range of stationery, school supplies and gifts.
the leading trade fairs christmasworld and creativeworld, which take place at the same time at the frankfurt exhibition centre, complete the globally unique spectrum and offer thematically matching product groups, including ribbons, packaging, and creative materials.












ambiente working & giving
the world’s leading consumer goods fair for dining, living, giving and working.









christmasworld
leading international trade fair for seasonal and festive decorations.









creativeworld
leading international trade fair for hobby, handicrafts and artists’ supplies.










paperworld middle east
















11 – 13 november 2025, dubai, united arab emirates
paperworld middle east is the most important trading platform for the paper, office supplies and stationery sector in the near and middle east and in the african catchment area. here contacts are established, new markets opened up, and innovative products, trends and developments showcased.









        more information on paperworld middle east
    







date: 11 – 13 november 2025

venue: dubai international convention and exhibition centre

contact
syed ali akbar
show director, messe frankfurt middle east gmbh
phone +971 4 3894 500
paperworld@uae.messefrankfurt.com













        go to website
    









paperworld china













21 – 23 november 2025, shanghai, china
paperworld china is the perfect networking platform in the business hub of shanghai. paperworld china is a professional one-stop platform, presenting a comprehensive range of products, from writing materials to office supplies, to corporate gifts and craft supplies.









        more information on paperworld china
    







date: 21 – 23 november 2025

venue: shanghai world expo exhibition and convention center, china

contact
red ke
show director, messe frankfurt (shanghai) co ltd
phone +86 21 6160 8555
 pwc@china.messefrankfurt.com














        go to website
    












paperworld india













26 – 28 february 2026, mumbai, india

paperworld india brings key buyers and sellers of the indian stationery and writing instruments industry together under one roof. the show is organised by messe frankfurt trade fairs india pvt ltd.









        more information on paperworld india
    







date: 26 – 28 february 2026
venue: bombay exhibition center


contact
vaidehi zatakia, project head, 
messe frankfurt trade fairs india pvt. ltd.
phone +91 22 6144 5986
info@paperworldindia.com













        go to website
    









hong kong international stationery & school supplies fair













12 – 15 januar 2026, hong kong
the hong kong international stationery and school supplies fair is one of the most important purchasing platforms in asia for office supplies and school requisites. it is organised by messe frankfurt jointly with the hong kong trade development council.









        more information on hong kong international stationery & school supplies fair
    







date: 12 – 15 januar 2026

venue: hong kong convention and exhibition centre

contact
mandy lip
show director, messe frankfurt (hk) ltd
phone +852 2238 9951
stationery@hongkong.messefrankfurt.com












        
    
        go to website
    

    















all dates at a glance
here you will find all upcoming paperworld events.













contact
you want to contact us? you will find your contact person here.













conzoom circle – the global network for lifestyle goods
further trade fair dates in messe frankfurt‘s consumer goods portfolio.































        imprint
    



        privacy
    



        contact
    


© messe frankfurt exhibition gmbh













