






home








































about us 

products/services
livery fundcommercial liabilityworkers compensationloss control

find a broker
claims center
insurance fraud
online payment
contact us
careers
broker login













   
            
        



servicing the new york transportation industry for over 20 years
 

servicing the new york transportation industry for over 20 years
 

servicing the new york transportation industry for over 20 years
 




previous



next






hereford insurance company provides the next
generation in insurancewelcome to hereford insurance company. we service the for hire transportation industry in new york with their insurance needs. we provide tlc required commercial auto liability, workers compensation, and physical damage coverage. 
hic specializes in tlc insurance for drivers of all major app companies (including via, uber, lyft, juno, gett, etc.), black cars, car service, livery, yellow taxi medallions, green cabs, paratransit and more.
since its inauguration, we have been the exclusive insurer of the new york independent livery drivers benefit fund.

we partner with excellent brokers and vendors throughout the new york area. our staff is multi-lingual and we pride ourselves on providing a professional customer service experience to our clients.

we look forward to continuing to provide the best service in the industry.









our products/services
livery fund
commercial liability
workers compensation
loss control









 

 
find a broker
 
find a broker

 








          claims center
having an accident resulting in property damage or injury can be stressful.  we will do our best to make reporting a claim an easy process for you.  feel free to either email or fax forms to our attention.



to file an auto related claim
 

click here to file claim



to file a workers compensation related claim


click here to file claim

download employee claimant information packet form
download employer report of injury form
download employer return to work form














contact information
hereford insurance company
36-01 43rd avenue, long island city, new york 11101
p: (718) 361-9191 or 1-866-hereford
f: (718) 937-5918
www.herefordinsurance.com
info@herefordinsurance.com









help us spread the word
follow, like or post . we would love to interact with you










insurance fraud

                                    insurance fraud is a crime punishable by 
                                    fine and jail to report insurance fraud
                                
call 1-866-hereford





















home
company
broker login
claims center
contact us
online payment
faq's 
forms 
privacy policy
careers

© 2025, all rights reserved.









