
















counseling and development center, lake county fl

















home
 about
 services
 therapists
 group programs
 videos
 forms
 links
contact









  
all of us at counseling & development center are dedicated to helping others in times of choice, challenge, and need. that is why we offer services for growth and development as well as traditional therapy programs. our services include: individual and family therapy, psychological and psycho-educational testing, neuropsychological testing and groups.

we understand that while everyone is unique, we share many problems and challenges. our therapists appreciate that we are physical, emotional, and spiritual beings and that each of these facets require recognition, nurturing, and encouragement.
our methods are based upon the recognition of the uniqueness of the individual, along with an understanding of the stages we all go through, whether it be in a crisis situation or just an opportunity to learn about ourselves and grow.
our approach combines sensitivity and caring with years of clinical experience.
our center has been a part of the community for over 21 years, offering a full range of services from traditional therapy to testing and evaluations. our methods are based upon experiences and scientific principles developed overtime and proven effective.
our therapists are dedicated to helping individuals, couples, families, and organizations, including courts, legal, and medical communities.
each of our services are designed to meet the unique needs of each person and help them on the road to growth and wellness.

patrick j. ward, ph.d
owner/director
 

our therapists (click each image to learn more)






patrick j. ward, ph.d.
			owner and director 







brian boyd, ph.d.



deina brignoni, lmhc



karen estill, ph.d.





julie smith, lcsw



m. leigh smith, lcsw



tracy rand, lmhc




 


 


 














      ©  counseling & development center - all rights reserved.

website design by b&j graphics






