





general contractor | bob moore construction | bob moore construction























































 










about
portfolio
media
news
contact
817.640.1200












about
portfolio
media
news
contact
817.640.1200
 



















experienced general contractor
dallas • fort worth • houston • austin • san antonio








what it’s like to work with
bob moore construction






1st tca certified general contractor in the u.s.a.          


american concrete institute member          


agc general contractor of the year          


enr top 400 contractor          


ed mcguire ranked top 50 tilt-up influencers by tca          




business owners and leading developers  have trusted us since 1946







"our experience working with bob moore construction was great. we’ve been working with bob moore construction for more than 20 years, and we continue to do so. in fact, we’re starting another project now. our experience with bob moore construction is always very good."
tom kuhlmann, executive vice president, lincoln property company


20
commercial properties





"we have built more than 30 separate projects with bob moore construction and there is not one project that we’re not extremely pleased with. whether it’s an apartment, office or warehouse, we’ve done it all. we’re friends, and we know bob moore is a company we can trust. that has been the foundation of our relationship and key to us working together for 30 years."
steve huff, senior vp, cmc, commercial realty group


32
top rated developments





"i would recommend bob moore construction without hesitation. bmc has been in business for 70+ years for a reason—they are focused on repeat business. how do you get repeat business? by doing a great job every single time you are given an opportunity, which is what they have done time and time again."
andrew ward, vice president, mercantile partners


35
commercial buildings





"bob moore construction was very easy to work with and i was very impressed with how safety was maintained on the job site. bob moore’s team did a great job managing the project – from keeping the project on track and maintaining the pace, to coordinating the weekly meetings and all the details. we chose bob moore construction as our general contractor because we felt they could do the project right and complete it in the shortest time possible. we made the right choice."
glenn smith, president & ceo,  mouser electronics


4
high quality projects






if we build for you once, we’ll build for you again.



view all testimonials







our legacy building yours
since 1946


active projectscall centercold storagedata centerinterior / finish-outmanufacturing facilitymedicalmultifamily housingoffice buildingparking garageretail & recreationwarehouse & distribution

view portfolio







a legacy of
excellence




since 1946 bob moore construction has delivered outstanding commercial construction projects in texas and around the united states.
learn more
relevant pages

general contractor

general contractor services
commercial general contractors
local general contractors 
licensed general contractor
certified general contractors
general construction contractor
general contractor texas
construction contractors
construction companies






"our team of construction professionals are committed to partnering with our customers to deliver superior buildings."
bob moore, founder









let us build your legacy
contact us









© copyright 2001 - 2025 by bob moore construction all rights reserved.   privacy policy  |  terms of use


contact

corporate headquarters
3611 william d tate ave,
grapevine, tx 76051
(817) 640-1200
central texas headquarters
326 north lbj drive ste. 181,
san marcos, tx 78666
(830) 893-1200



social






sitemap
about
portfolio
careers
history
video
clients
awards
associations
contact
news
trade partners
philanthropy
employee portal
 


















