





the wildbranch ministry

















skip to main content


the wildbranch ministry
...thou bearest not the root, but the root thee. romans 11:18

conferences
teachings
translations
marketplace
about us











qohelet (ecclesiastes) 12:13-14let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: fear ’elohiym, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man. for ’elohiym will bring every work into judgement, with every hidden thing, whether it be good, or whether it be evil. 



wildbranch update

9 january 2025:
happy secular new year! i'm sitting back, 'eating my popcorn' (so to speak) and watching the unreal movie unfold. we know abba is in control so "no worries here!" he did say "fear not". (kinda sounds like a command to me ;-).)
i would love to hear feedback, but i guess purim is next. how many of you observe it? i admit i haven't done much but read esther, shake the thingy and say booo or yay while reading scripture. abba surely gets a good laugh off me. ha!
i have now begun to gather the information for sending out the statements to all you lovely people that still think of and love brad and his teachings through your donations. i am ever so grateful to you and the support you lend to wildbranch. i daresay i would not have the motivation were there no interest. thank you to our older generation for  passing this on to the young'uns as i see many new names as well as so many old, familiar ones. i speak of both orders for brad's teachings and donations. again, my most heartfeld gratitude for all of it. brad, i think, would be pleasantly surprised! blessings, carol.





new video:  the principle of the seed






the principle of the seed has been foundational to every one of brad’s teachings. the tale of two seeds, beginning in bere’shiyt (genesis) 3:15, the seed of the woman and the seed of the serpent: is a theme that runs the gamut of scriptures. the seed is the word of god (vs the seed, or words, of hasatan). faith comes by hearing, so we must have ears to hear what the father is saying to us. this all began through a study on the mystery of the kingdom parable. much fruit has been brought forth via this understanding.
this dvd set is the final video by brad filmed in his study at home, updated with a greater understanding of this concept. he began teaching this principle back in 1991, well before my meeting him in 1995. i am most blessed to present this to you, posthumously, in honor and memory of my beloved husband, bradford scott. may he rest in shalom.

        available on dvd video and digital download.

    


10 kings of hitgalut

july 2022


hitgalut (revelation) 17:12-14"12 and the ten horns which thou sawest are ten kings, which have received no kingdom as yet; but receive power as kings one hour with the beast. 13 these have one mind, and shall give their power and strength unto the beast. 14 these shall make war with the lamb, and the lamb shall overcome them: for he is lord of lords, and king of kings: and they that are with him are called, and chosen, and faithful."


well, seems i will never get the article written on who i think the ten kings of hitgalut (revelation) are, so i'm just going to list them. it's so obvious now to most that are awake to the times and seasons we are coming into that this will probably be rather anti-climactic. sorry, i'm just not a writer like brad was.
1. the federal reserve (which is not federal, nor is it a reserve!) / bankster cabal; 2. wall street, such a mafia they are!; 3. the military / industrial complex, just like president eisenhower warned us of; 4. mainstream media and their propoganda shills; 5. the social media "titans"; 6. pharmaceutical / medical technocracy (aka pharmakia!); 7. educational system (this includes public schools, universities and the seminaries; 8. intelligence / regulatory capture (meaning the three letter alphabet agencies and the executive, legislative, judicial branches of government; 9. agricultural / petrochemical complex (gmo, glyphosate, monoculture etc.); 10. climate change agenda which includes the davos/great reset/green agenda. i think that about sums it up. they will have their time in the sun and then we will have our time in the son!! praise yah. bless his holy name.



marketplace notes

12august 2020: 
i always had thought about posting what i'm about to say a long time ago. as there have been some questions coming in lately, i thought i'd let this be known. this is in regard to our marketplace. i ship orders out two times per week, depending on postal holidays, of course. unless you request tracking, our automated response system does not provide it. upon request, i am happy to look that up for you. 99% of the mail goes out media so it takes about a week to get to you, unless the post office is having their ususal problems. we guarantee all of our cds and dvds so if you get a bad one, just let me know and i will replace it for free. nationally, our system is set up to automatically email your links. if you do not see them, please check yoru spam folder. internation download links, for some unknown reason (i've had my webmaster check into this and he can't find the problem) do not sendautomatically, so i manually send them out when i see one come in. i do not turn on my computer over shabbat, so please be patient. please do not order on shabbat!! if you cannot find the download link, log into "my account" and all your order history is there, including the links for any downloads. the links in "my account" are only active for one week. then they expire. the last thing i can think of is this: should your computer crash and you lose all the teachings you have purchased, i will happily send you fresh links, based on your order history, for the loss you have incurred. my most favorite, very old xp computer died after an 18 year run!  i only say that because i understand the blue screen of death!! if you have other questions, please let me know and i'll update my faq list here. i send a great big thanks to all of you still thinking of my brad and his wonderful teachings.



finding brad
obituary of bradford dee scott, ph.d




born 12 august 1953 – passed on 10 july 2020
brad passed away after a valiant struggle with the “pest” (aka.
astrocytoma brain neoplasm). his faith in the god of abraham, isaac, and jacob never left him and he stood firm on the word of yahweh, our creator who is the author and finisher of life. the ministry brad labored most in was to do his small part in carrying out the great commission. “go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the father, and of the son, and of the holy spirit: teaching them to observe all things whatsoever i have commanded you: and, lo, i am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. amen.” brad has been to every state in our great nation multiple times and almost 50 countries worldwide. 2 timothy 4:7 “i have fought a good fight, i have finished my course, i have kept the faith:” may this beloved man now rest in yeshua‘.






new audio teaching:  equipping the image of the beast (5 cds)





hitgalut (revelation) 15:14 & 15
		"and deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword, and did live. 15 and he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed."
we are told in ephesians 4 that we are the gifts given to the assemblies to equip the saints. as prophets, pastors, evangelists, apostles, and teachers/parents in this generation, have we been inadvertently equipping the first beast which comes out of the sea, instead of the saints? in this prophetic series, brad expounds on why he believes that the internet, as we know it, is the image of that first beast, the one that is prophesied that we make ourselves. brad takes a close look at the prophecies of the image of the beast and the characteristics and history of the world wide web. 
    available on audio cd and mp3 download.
	





new audio:  be ye imitators of ’elohiym
		the morals, ethics, and values of yeshua‘






if yeshua‘ were walking the streets of america today, what do you think he would have to say about the plunging morals that our youth are facing? would yeshua‘ approve of homosexuality and the current gender confusion plaguing our culture? would he be for or against abortion, illegal immigration, climate change or premarital sex? what would he have to say about institutional racism and poverty? in this series, brad tackles some of the uncomfortable issues confronting our western culture. although there are many in the next generation who are well versed in the do's and don'ts of biblical feasts and dietary laws, our children are not immune to the ever-changing morals of daily life in america. please join brad in helping to teach the next generations what it means to take up their cross and follow yeshua‘.
great for home schooling!





new book:  a concordance of law in the new covenant scriptures
    a commentary on every occurrence of torah in the ncs






the relationship between law and grace has been long debated since the words of the new covenant scriptures (ncs) were first penned. virtually every discourse on this subject, from both sides, draws from a passage here or a passage there and becomes more of a pauline theme than a serious comprehensive research of the subject from the beginning. now there is one go to source that contains every occurrence of law, all of its derivatives, and a comprehensive commentary in one book. this is a must-have reference for your library.
this book is now available in soft cover copy here: a concordance of law ... and as a kindle and e-pub download version here:  a concordance of law ....





new audio teaching:  the heart of the matter: a new heart, yhvh's first work




 
in this more devotional teaching, brad focuses on the first work of yhvh, which is always the heart. using the natural creation as his usual backdrop, brad shows how all living things work the same way, which is why the word of god is living and powerful. all living things are interdependent and in order.
brad's concern is for the next generation. using the story of aaron's sons, brad illustrates how we have in many ways circumvented the brazen altar and have sent the next generation running directly into the holy place.  
    available on audio cd and mp3 download.
	



ebook resources

thanks to jay, our web designer, (and so much more!) we now have all of brad's books available in the eformat. as international postal rates have sky rocketed and is above what the market can bear, we pray this will help all of our international body of believers access his books. actually, all of the cds and dvds are also available in the download format for 25% off.



brad's powerpoints:

we have created a new category that carries all of brad's available slide shows and .pdf's created from the powerpoint presentations. you may find the link to these in two places: on the right hand sidebar and as a subcategory under the teachings section at the top of the website. 


brad's list of research tools

many of you have asked for the list of books brad uses for his research. the following link takes you to that list: names, authors, isbn numbers. research tools link these are great resources every home library should have. we also have dvds available that will teach you how to use these reference books. you can get these dvds in hard copy and mp3 format. learning research tools 1 and learning research tools 2.


















latest teachings:

cd/mp3: equipping the image of the beast 5 -  cds/mp3
book: a concordance of law in the new covenant scriptures
dvd/mp4: the principle of the seed - 4 dvds/mp4
lesson: the moral law and the ceremonial law, pt 5 04.06.2012
word study: latest words:						
						modesty, 
						patience, 
						integrity, 
						forgiveness, 
						hope, 
						joy or rejoice




search wildbranch:

 




quick links:

check out our conferences page hope you can make one!
source for all of brad's powerpoint presentationsthirteen of brad's current ones are now available, including the god particle.
research tools this is the list of books brad uses for the basics of his research for hidden treasures in the scriptures.
secret worlds: the universe within 1 minute video








print page
            font size:
            a
a
a











©1993—2025 the wildbranch ministry. | p.o. box 97, vernal, ut, 84078 | 1-435-789-3713 | wildbranch.org | designed by: d3 

home | contact us | return to the top ↑











