








home - south metropolitan fire protection district











































 







skip to content













  


search for:








about usadministration/boardoperationshonor guardemploymentstationsfire preventionkidshome safety tipspermits and formsordinancesprogramstraininggallerytributevideoscontactlinksfaq 














homenick webb2024-06-18t12:13:56-05:00 
proud to serve youit’s not just our job to enhance and protect the people in our community. it’s our passion.
contact usburn banhere to help.safety awarenessteaching you to be safe. with fire extinguisher training, fire inspections and more.
ordinance enforcementwe protect our community—and your property—by helping prevent fires from happening.
emergency responsewhen you need us, we’ll be there, fast—whether it’s a fire or a medical call. 

what is community connect?free and secure access to vital information for emergency response teams.
community connect is a user-friendly and free platform that allows you to share important information about your household or business, ensuring that you and your loved ones are safe and sound.
learn morefight fire with knowledge.it’s sad, but true. even the smallest fire can get out of control quickly. causing damage to property, or causing injury. and the sad reality is, no one is “immune” from a fire happening. fire doesn’t care about who you are, where you live, how nice you are or how much money you make. that’s why fire safety and prevention is so important. in fact, we at the south metro fire district would rather prevent fires than put them out. so we’ll help you learn what you need to know to keep yourself and our community safe. 




 
 





 

get social







 records request
 

location 341 n. conway st.
raymore, mo 64083
816-331-3008 
 

 

 
 
 





		© copyright  south metropolitan fire protection district  | all rights reserved | lovingly built by diffactory 



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link


















































































 


go to top




