monica brant fitnessaccount  homeaboutnutritionmy programs stand firmcoaching with monicagut checkspeaking & hosting events speaking & hosting eventsthe monica brant showmy favortiesshop autographed photoscameobooksfavorite productscontactlogin 
 
international fitness icon





lifestyle coach • entrepreneur • speaker & event host
 
connect & receive a free gift from monica 
 






 



monica brant
 
fitness first became a part of the bodybuilding scene in 1987. shortly after, in 1991, monica stepped into the fitness world, and by 1995 became the 1st ever ifbb professional fitness competitor, playing an integral role in the budding industry.
her name was instantly, globally recognized as she was invited to the 1st ifbb fitness olympia the same year, landed numerous magazine covers and featured articles, plus was invited to be a recurring guest on espn’s morning show, 'kiana tom’s flex appeal'.
she quickly became a household name due to the unprecedented amount of tv and magazine exposure as a cover model, featured professional athlete, and model for exclusive clothing and supplement brands.
over the years she has become a mentor to 1000s as a health and fitness educator through her personal coaching, lifestyle coaching and through the women's events she hosted for 2 decades. with a passion for sharing her style of health and wellness, she continues to push the envelope in both the niche fitness world, as well as mainstream wellness and biohacking circles.
it is a pleasure to welcome you to monica’s official online home!123
view more
 











don't miss a thing - stay in touch with the latest and greatest from monica!


by filling out the content below you will automatically receive a free pdf with '3 glute stregthening movements'connect here with monica brantlet's get social
 


hebrews 10:23 - 25
hi friends!
i would be honored to have you join me on my mission to stand firm in both body and spirit!
by signing up here on my personal substack, you will receive my personal devotionals, ‘minutes with monica’ & ‘radiant living’ podcasts, direct to your inbox.
both are meant to share truth and increase our faith as we discover god's word together!
live radiant.. today!privacy policy + terms of servicecopyright © 2025 monica brant fitness  |  powered by  