











nyc allergist - allergy, asthma and sinus specialists























































skip to content



ask a question
make an appointment
212-809-1186
patient portal



search for:



 



 

					allergy, asthma and sinus specialists				

allergists treating sinusitis, allergy, asthma and nasal polyps



    menu		
billing & insurance
about the doctor
prepare for your office visit
office information  

about my practice
conditions i treat
testing and treatment


 






breathe easy
get in touch





read about conditions we treat




									asthma								



									food allergy								



									drug allergies								



									cough								



									seasonal allergy								



									skin allergy								



									chronic sinusitis								



									pet allergy								



									insect allergy								





about your doctor





gary stadtmauer, m.d., f.a.c.p.
allergy, asthma, and immunology
dr. stadtmauer is a new york native and one of the leading nyc doctors treating chronic cough. he is a graduate of albert einstein college of medicine. he completed his internal medicine training at st. luke’s hospital and his allergy-immunology fellowship at mount sinai medical center.
read more








…bed side manner is unparalleled compared to other doctors and he is very effective at what he does.
-- jessi b




it was refreshing to have a doctor who takes pride in getting to the bottom of the issue and finding a real solution to fix it.
-- dan g




best allergist and certainly among the best doctors i’ve worked with. i’ve been a patient of dr. stadtmauer for 15 years because he is professional and thorough, and always treats me effectively for my medical conditions. i don’t recall ever having to wait for an appointment to see him when i am sick, and he gives me undivided attention when i’m in his office.
-- michael r.
































ask a question
make an appointment
212-809-1186
patient portal
 


	©2000-2025. cityallergy.com, new york. all rights reserved.

















