

















aclu of illinois























skip to main content










    call 1-855-435-7693  

    iccir hotline to report ice activity in your community   

call the illinois coaltion for immigrant and refugee rights hotline to report ice activity in your community. 











 
aclu of illinois 







about

about us

contact us

job openings

staff

board of directors

next generation society

chapters

request aclu speaker



issues

all issueslgbtq and hiv advocacywomen's and reproductive rightscriminal justice reformfirst amendment advocacypolice practices and racial justicevoting rights



our work

campaigns

cases

legislation



news

all newshow the local elected offices on your 2025 ballot impact civil libertiesthe aclu was built for this momentprotest and surveillance during the dnc

press releases

publications

talking liberties



act

events

legal help

request legal assistance

know your rights



donate

support our work

become a member

give a gift in honor or memory of

give a gift membership

recurring donations

join the next generation society

make a legacy gift

donate appreciated stock

about your donation







donate

support our work

become a member

give a gift in honor or memory of

give a gift membership

recurring donations

join the next generation society

make a legacy gift

donate appreciated stock

about your donation


































defending the civil rights and civil liberties of all illinoisans.

get our updates
email address *



zip code *






leave this field blank 


 







know your rights



support our work



join us in the fight ahead!



join or renew your membership



aclu national open letter to college and university presidents on student protests



protecting the first amendment in your community



know your abortion rights in illinois



building a firewall: our plan for a second trump administration 









from the blog: 





 

    government accountability and personal privacy  

protest and surveillance during the dnc 

the threats to our civil liberties have only become greater as surveillance technology has expanded to meet law enforcement demands.






 

2024 summer legislative update 

the 2024 spring legislative session concluded in may during which the aclu of illinois and our partners worked on legislation on a range of issues to advance our civil rights and liberties.






 

    women's and reproductive rights  

reproductive rights detained 

with expecting justice, the aclu of illinois and the wji saw the need for a deeper evaluation of the often-overlooked conditions for those who are pregnant or postpartum, and others needing reproductive... 







press releases: 





february 6, 2025 

aclu of illinois responds to trump administration lawsuit challenging state and local policies prioritizing public safety over federal civil immigration enforcement  

the trump administration filed a federal lawsuit challenging statewide and local policies in illinois that bar state and local law enforcement from engaging in federal civil immigration enforcement. 






february 5, 2025 

new aclu of illinois legal director ready to tackle challenges of trump 2.0  

kevin fee has been named the new legal director for the aclu of illinois.






january 22, 2025 

aclu of illinois responds to government officials’ attack on art display at chicago cultural center  

 a group of chicago city council members have sent a letter to the chicago mayor calling an exhibit featuring a puppet with caricatures of uncle sam and the prime minister of israel "extremely offensive/"... 










 


know your rights - protesting 

make sure you’re prepared by brushing up on your rights before heading out into the streets.

know your rights












take action






support the work of the aclu of illinois. make a gift today!


 

donate 

 




become a member of the aclu


 

join today! 

 




join the next generation society


 

join today! 

 





 








search aclu-il.org 








press
legal help
careers
donate







aclu on facebook
aclu on x
aclu on youtube






© 2025 aclu of illinois





user agreement
privacy statement
website accessibility




















