

basketball plays and basketball drills




































 










	      playbook
	  





	     plays & drills
     




	     animated basketball drills
	   




          animated basketball plays
	   




  	      play of the week
	   




	     static plays & drills
	   





	      books
	   
     





	      jes-soft
	        










	     playbook
	   





	     plays & drills
	   





	     books
	   





	     jes-soft
	   












	     basketball drills
	   




          basketball plays
	   




  	      play of the week
	   




	     static plays & drills
	   
















jes-basketball
























 connect
follow @jesbasketball


 windows
• basketball playbook 012
• playview

 macos - mac
• basketball playbook 012

 android - phones/tablets
• basketball playview
• basketball chalk
• basketball play of the week

 ios - iphone/ipad
• basketball playview
• basketball chalk

 playbook info
• screenshots
• features
• reviews







privacy statement









welcome,
this site is dedicated to the game of basketball. it is a resource of basketball information for coach, player and enthusiast.

 latest basketball plays and drills
• shooting: shooting drill #14• offense zone: dynamo xiv
basketball playbook 012 for windows and macos




  the box and the box picture are for promotional use only and not available, but the new version of the basketball playbook program is.
  to try version 012 of basketball playbook go to the download page.
with free practice plan/play viewer for  iphone/ipad (ios) and android based phones/tablets. 
  
  for a demo have a look at this how to youtube video create an animated basketball play.
  information about upgrading from version 008 - 011 to 012 can be found on the  upgrade page.
  don't forget to checkout the new screenshots and the  feature matrix.

below is a short description of the available sections.

animated plays and drills

the heart of this site, the growing collection of 
1078 animated plays and drills.
to help with the navigation this section is split up in two, one for animated drills and the other for animated plays. 
you can also search through the plays and drills with the search box on the right.
animation will be a major help in understanding the flow of a play or drill.
each animation can be controlled with play, stop and pause buttons.


basketball play of the week

every week a different animated play or drill from the basketball playbook database.


static play & drills

animated plays and drills cannot be printed, so here are all the available plays and drills in a static form.
the non-animated database now contains 
1256  plays and drills.


books

the commercial part of this site where you can find basketball books, kindle e-books, dvds, 
chalkboards and more.
this part includes the monthly top 10 based on orders made on this site.


jes-soft

if basketball isn't the only game you like visit www.jes-soft.com for football, soccer, volleyball hockey and more.




















