









daycare in roanoke, va | day care center












































 luxury fake rolex watch instruction older the watchmaking industry experts.   who invented cheap sex doll?   diamond painting en accessoires kopen?  

















(540) 344-4543













                                home                            




                                our schools                            




                                about us                                







                                about honeytree                            




                                the story of honeytree                            




                                what makes us different                            




                                meeting higher standards                            




                                curriculums                            




                                teachers                            




                                testimonials                            




                                faq                            








                                programs                                







                                infant & toddler                            




                                twos                            




                                preschool                            




                                private pre-k                            




                                after school                            




                                summer camp                            








                                parent's corner                            




                                blog                            




                                careers                            




                                contact us                            




                                we've got your back                            

 







    


























 




high quality how to detect a fake rolex could possibly meet the needs of engineering, sports and so business. 












get started
receive our rates and general information to enroll.
get more info


our curriculum
we provide a quality program in a safe, supportive environment.
learn about our programs


our difference
to be a support system for families and celebrate children.
see our unique benefits


find a school
11 convenient locations in the roanoke and new river valleys.
find your school



















					welcome to honeytree					

childcare in roanoke, va
if you’re looking for one of the most engaging daycares in roanaoke, va, and all the surrounding areas, honeytree early learning center is your best option.
honeytree early learning centers is the leading early childhood provider in the roanoke valley for children ages 6 weeks through 12 years of age. we are locally owned and operated and have been serving generations of families since 1979. we are committed to maintaining higher standards through our participation in the virginia quality initiative, so you can expect your child to receive the best-quality educational experience in the confines of our kids’ learning center.
as a parent of honeytree, you will enjoy many exciting adventures with your children and our teachers. we hope to have the opportunity to provide you and your family with all the pieces for a happy, healthy childhood!
to learn more about the number one daycare in roanaoke, va, call us today at 540-344-4543.






















announcements



may 19, 2023 - honeytree announces expansion















communicating your child’s day



benefits for parents

receive photos videos, notes by email
download or share photos and videos of your children
receive emergency alerts by text message
view your children's portfolio using our mobile application
mark your child out sick or on vacation using our mobile application

to find out more about the tadpoles e-communications system, please visit: www.tadpoles.com













before you go!!



please complete all required fields!





your name(*)



invalid input





your email(*)



invalid input





your phone



invalid input





program of interest(*)


--choose one--infant / toddlertwospreschoolprivate pre-kafterschoolsummer camp
invalid input





location of interest


--choose one--460aquatic centerlewis galeoak grovehunting hillshollinssmith mountain lakeriverwalksouth roanokesalemvinton
invalid input








send








 

x












© 2018 honeytree early learning centers. all rights reserved. facebook | youtube | google+ 



















honeytree corporate offices410 first streetroanoke, virginia 24011phone: 540.344.4543














a next generation designs solution














