


























welcome to grebel | conrad grebel university college | university of waterloo






















skip to main content











open search location 
search for 



search location
on all siteson this site
















conrad grebel university college





menu














conrad grebel university college home







                     about grebel
                    





                              about grebel
                          





                     anti-racism, belonging, inclusion, diversity, equity (abide)
                    





                     abide statement
                    





                     territorial acknowledgement
                    





                     accessibility at grebel
                    





                     abide resources
                    





                     abide committee
                    







                     faculty and leadership
                    





                     retired faculty
                    





                     board of governors
                    





                     partners
                    







                     strategic plan 2022-2025
                    





                     annual report
                    





                     history
                    





                     who are the mennonites?
                    





                     mennonite heritage week
                    







                     academics
                    





                              academics
                          





                     undergraduate studies
                    





                     history
                    





                     mennonite studies
                    





                     music
                    





                     peace and conflict studies
                    





                     philosophy
                    





                     religious studies
                    





                     sociology
                    







                     graduate programs
                    





                     peace and conflict studies
                    





                     theological studies
                    







                     course offerings
                    





                     admission
                    





                     faculty
                    





                     research
                    





                     center for peace advancement
                    





                     institute of anabaptist and mennonite studies
                    





                     institute of peace and conflict studies
                    





                     spirituality and aging
                    







                     grebel-to-go
                    





                     the conrad grebel review
                    







                     housing and student life
                    





                              housing and student life
                          





                     future students
                    





                     apply to live at grebel
                    





                     residence information
                    





                     what does grebel look like?
                    





                     student stories
                    





                     frequently asked questions
                    





                     international students
                    





                     what parents say
                    





                     meal plan & food services
                    







                     visit grebel
                    





                     tour sign-up
                    







                     living off-campus
                    





                     residence fees
                    







                     current students
                    





                     starting a new term
                    





                     online application forms
                    





                     news, deadlines, and important dates
                    





                     grebel handbooks
                    





                     fees
                    





                     chapel and community supper
                    





                     student leaders
                    





                     living off campus
                    





                     trip and volunteer opportunities
                    





                     food services
                    







                     grebel student services
                    





                     services for grebelites
                    





                     services at waterloo
                    









                     financial aid
                    





                     food services and bookings
                    





                              food services and bookings
                          





                     accommodations
                    





                     booking form
                    







                     conferences & event bookings
                    





                     food services
                    





                     catering for events and meetings
                    





                     dining at grebel
                    





                     kitchen faq
                    





                     meet the team
                    







                     wedding packages
                    







                     library
                    





                              library
                          





                     library services
                    





                     hours & access
                    





                     book a study room
                    





                     borrowers
                    





                     donating books
                    





                     contact us
                    





                     about library research
                    





                     digitized publications
                    





                     about milton good
                    







                     archives
                    





                     publications
                    





                              publications
                          





                     conrad grebel review
                    





                     subscriptions
                    





                     submissions
                    





                     calls for papers
                    





                     past issues
                    







                     grebel now
                    





                     faculty publications and presentations
                    







                     conflict management certificate
                    





                     centre for peace advancement
                    





                     alumni
                    





                              alumni
                          





                     distinguished alumni service award
                    





                     alumni address change
                    





                     alumni interviews
                    





                     reunions and events
                    





                     grad class send off
                    





                     60th anniversary celebrations
                    





                     60 stories for 60 years
                    





                     60th anniversary alumni nomination
                    







                     photo albums
                    





                     all college photos
                    









                     donors & friends
                    





                              donors & friends
                          





                     grebel fund
                    





                     grebel fund - student services
                    





                     support kindred credit union centre for peace advancement
                    





                     support library & archives
                    





                     support music
                    





                     support orchestra
                    





                     support pacs
                    





                     support ts
                    





                     support mennonite studies
                    







                     the green fund
                    





                     legacy giving
                    





                     how to donate to grebel
                    





                     residence renewal campaign: windows to the future
                    







                     music camp
                    





                              music camp
                          





                     campers
                    





                     activities
                    





                     what to bring
                    





                     testimonials
                    







                     parents
                    





                     frequently asked questions
                    







                     registration and fees
                    





                     camp staff
                    





                     image gallery
                    





                     contact us
                    







                     news
                    





                     events
                    





                              events
                          





                     lecture series
                    





                     bechtel lecture
                    





                     eby lectures
                    





                     sawatsky lectures
                    





                     special lectures
                    







                     convocation
                    





                     concerts
                    





                     spirituality and aging seminar
                    





                     alumni reunions
                    





                     past conferences
                    







                     contact us
                    





                              contact us
                          





                     directory
                    





                     careers
                    





                     faculty experts
                    





                     request for proposals: residence renewal
                    

















±
































                    seek wisdom
                   


            grebel teaches undergrad courses in arts, history, mennonite studies, music, peace & conflict studies, philosophy, religious studies, & sociology, plus grad courses in theology and peace & conflict studies.
          


























                    challenging mind and spirit
                   


            grebel's mission: seek wisdom, nurture faith, and pursue justice and peace in service to church and society.
          


























                    leadership development
                   


            students in all faculties at uwaterloo, from first to fourth year, call grebel home.
          


























                    community building
                   


            join this enthusiastic community of people who are dedicated to making grebel an amazing place to grow!
          


























                    nurture faith
                   


            stretch your boundaries, challenge your worldview, and deepen your spirituality.
          








play banner slideshow


play





pause banner slideshow


pause



















  

      
        welcome to grebel

        
      












residence
grebel is home to an enthusiastic residence community on the campus of the university of waterloo. join this friendly community of people who are dedicated to making grebel an amazing place to live and grow. meet some of grebels current students. take an in-person or virtual tour. discover leadership opportunities. apply now to live in the residence.








academics
study with and get to know professors in a community-oriented learning environment. grebel teaches within the arts faculty at the university of waterloo, administering the music and peace and conflict studies departments at waterloo, and offering additional undergraduate courses in arts, history, mennonite studies, religious studies, and sociology. grebel also offers two masters level graduate programs in theological studies and peace and conflict studies.














live in residence








music








peace and conflict studies








theological studies








mennonite studies








careers
work at grebel








donate today
support students and programs


















news
events

 news










      
                      
  friday, february 14, 2025







      
      
      
              



        
        the right destination

              



chloe shantz, a fourth-year music and english literature student at the university of waterloo shares her experience as a musician in conrad grebel university college's music program. she is a soprano vocalist and violinist who has been a highly involved member of the music department's chamber choir, instrumental chamber ensemble, orchestra ensemble, and chapel. chloe is also the vocal director of grebel’s upcoming production of the clockmaker’s daughter: the musical, which will be premiering in march.











      
                      
  wednesday, january 22, 2025







      
      
      
              



        
        seeking campus hosts to live in community 

              



beginning in summer 2025, grebel is looking for one or two people who are energized by living in a community! people who enjoy being surrounded by lots of students and who are content to stay home and play board games, binge on movies, attend coffee houses, or visit over tea will thrive in this role. the campus host(s) represents the college during non-business hours and functions as a building superintendent. in return for these services, the college provides rent-free accommodation in a one-bedroom apartment and covers utilities. the campus host role is contracted for a term of two years. 











      
                      
  tuesday, january 21, 2025







      
      
      
              



        
        right place, right time, and excellent opportunities

              



maya’s three years at grebel have been everything she wished for in an exciting university experience because of the benefits of living among an active and supportive network of individuals. “i always have good things to share about grebel: meaningful interactions, talented people, and memorable moments with not just my friends, but anyone in this residence,” she said, reflecting on her sense of belonging within the community. 




    read all news
  


 events










      
                                            




  wednesday, february 19, 2025 6:00 pm



            -
              





  7:00 pm



              






  est (gmt -05:00)

                                      
      
      
              



        
        friends of grebel community supper

              



during this hour-long event, we will enjoy a hot, homemade community supper-style meal  prepared by grebel kitchen staff (including the famous bread!). a few students will share about how grebel has shaped their university experience, and marcus shantz will give an update about the college. you are welcome to visit with other friends and alumni before and after the meal. 











      
                                            




  saturday, march 8, 2025 7:00 pm



            -
              





  9:30 pm



              






  est (gmt -05:00)

                                      
      
      
              



        
        youth night @ grebel

              



grebel invites youth groups with students in grades 9-12 to join us for a youth night.











      
                                            




  thursday, march 20, 2025 7:30 pm



            -
              





  9:00 pm



              






  edt (gmt -04:00)

                                      
      
      
              



        
        living on borrowed time? the settlement of mennonites in imperial russia after 1789

              



a public lecture with leonard g. friesen, celebrating the publication of leonard friesen’s book, mennonites in the russian empire and the soviet union: through much tribulation (university of toronto press, 2022).




    all upcoming events
  
































instagram




              instagram
          






x (formerly twitter)




                      x (formerly twitter)
          






linkedin




              linkedin
          






facebook




              facebook
          






youtube




              youtube
          











contact
conrad grebel university college
140 westmount road north
waterloo, on, canada, n2l 3g6
519-885-0220
provide website feedback








academic programs
conflict management certificate programmennonite studiesmusicpeace and conflict studiestheological studies








quick links
apply to live at grebel today's menu grebel fundmilton good librarymennonite archives of ontario








territorial acknowledgement
conrad grebel university college is situated on the traditional territory of the attawandaron (neutral), anishinaabeg, and haudenosaunee peoples.



























