










bwfa































































bwfa


brotherhood of working farriers association (bwfa)

why should i join the bwfa ??such a simple question !! andwhen a fella asks himself that question,he should get a simple answer !!!before we answer that, we invite you to take a look at the website for the  farriers’ national research center.  it’s free to look !!  no cost to you !!for the first time, you can get a look  at some of the equipment that was  used in the last 30 years of farrier research.   there will be many of your questions  answered about farrier science. ----------------------------- you may find that you are a bit smarter  then you thought you were …or… ------------------------- you may find out why 99% of horse owners think  you (a farrier) are considered to be just a  strong back and weak mind.  ------------------------------ you may find that you should be paid a lot more for trimming and shoeing horses.   knowledge will always help you“$$make more money$$  !!www.farriersnationalresearchcenter.comthen come back right here and continue learning why you should join the bwfa !!you are back….. your simple answer is…one…the bwfa is the only farrier association in the world  that uses 80% of funds to educate your clientele that you are the most knowledgeable person  about farrier science !!two…bwfa members receive a hefty discount  on this video offered…and additional access to the last 30 years of farrier science.  our how-to videos are based on documented and proven methods.threeit is no sin to belong to more than one farrier association !!!and fourremember…knowledge cost…however, it helps you $$make more money$$ in the long run ! ! by the way…..  this video is selling like hotcakes!!   so, you need to be prepared  when horse owners  start asking you… ”why are you  trimming and shoeing  my horse that way !!!” now available for our members and all horse-owning public.our newest video  (73 minutes)                “trimming and shoeing horses,             the knowledge you need to know”,               (before you even touch a horse) is now available in our store. available on dvd, as a download to your device, and also streaming. order your copy today in the bwfa store. also, coming soon are our how-to videos covering farrier topics taken from our 30 years of research in cooperation with the fnrc, that took place from 1989 - 2019  (30 years)to our members…our website is going through a complete overhaul as you read this, so look for…..other features you can expect:new farrier student membership optionsnew bwfa farrier certification study options for testingnew bwfa member renewal benefits and how to upgrade an improved bwfa members only section military veteran appreciation programbwfa veteran farrier members appreciationnew horseshoeing schools openinghorseshoeing schools that support the bwfaevents announced all across the u.s.bwfa board membership to be announced bwfa testers to be announcedplease note, all photos, videos, research references are property of bwfa, fnrc, and/or casey productions, llc. we moved all to a new business office location in 2020.  the previous location owned by the casey family retired from day-to-day teaching and sold their horseshoeing school; the name includes personal and business property where they volunteered to share offices with the bwfa for the last 30 years.  we are no longer associated with the operations at the original/old address. the casey’s remain active and are dedicated to maintaining our history and records to share with others to continue into the future.

homemembers only















