



turf type perennial ryegrass l kentucky bluegrass l tall fescue l grass seed l tmi | turf merchants



























turf merchantschoose green


contact us ›homeproductsannual ryegrassbentgrasschewings fescuehard fescuekentucky bluegrassperennial ryegrassred fescuespecialty poa trivialistall fescueapplicationsaqua wise®resourcesproduct literatureresearchindustry linkslawn maintenanceaboutinnovationwholesale distributionaffiliationsnewshomeproductsannual ryegrassbentgrasschewings fescuehard fescuekentucky bluegrassperennial ryegrassred fescuespecialty poa trivialistall fescueapplicationsaqua wise®resourcesaboutnewscontact us







choose green.turf merchants, inc. is the turfgrass supplier-of-choice for wholesale customers around the world.
scroll down

















popular varietiesperennial ryegrassview products ›kentucky bluegrassview products ›tall fescueview products ›next

reliably performing & environmentally responsiblefor more than 30 years, golf course superintendents, sports field managers and landscapers in more than 20 nations have relied on the turfgrass produced from tmi seeds for a reliably performing and environmentally responsible solution.  from sod production to overseeding, the grass grown from seeds developed by turf merchants, inc. have been proven in national trials, and more importantly, on the ground.with the industry’s most extensive selection of high-performance turf seed, our network of wholesale grass seed distributors are supplying both cool season grasses and warm season grasses that meet the specific needs of a diverse marketplace.naturally engineered for disease resistance, drought resistance, color, texture and performance, tmi has demonstrated superior product development for turf type perennial ryegrass, kentucky bluegrass, turf type tall fescue, and a wide range of specialty grass seeds to achieve virtually every requirement.each grass seed product has been designed to promote healthy turf, and responsible growing practices – which means when you choose tmi seed, you choose green.golfthrough our distribution partners, turf merchants, inc. has been ...  view application »landscapingwith a diverse range of kentucky bluegrasses, fescues and ...  view application »sportsproven resistant to wear and tear on the field of play, turf ...  view application »overseedingwhether intended to help turf look great through seasonal ...  view application »reclamationon the sides and medians of roadways and on the edges of golf ...  view application »next




germinating ideas 30 nov 2018 turfgrass seed variety production heading in different directions the first quarter results are in from the oregon ryegrass and tall fescue commissions! the oregon seed commission numbers reflect the movement of product from the grower to the dealer between july 1st and sept. 30th. the results tell the story of two ...  continue » 14 nov 2018 grass seed trials provide a tool for turf professionals virtually everyone who deals with turfgrass has heard of the national turfgrass evaluation program (ntep), but the role they play, and the limitations of their trial data in the real world of maintaining golf courses and sports field is frequently ...  continue » 15 jun 2018 a letter from a major transportation carrier the following letter is from mode transportation, one of tmi’s major carriers, outlining changes and explaining many of the factors affecting transportation policies and pricing that impact seed deliveries:transportation mid-year review ...  continue »next


turf merchantsturf merchants33390 tangent loop tangent, oregon 97389contact us  »facebooklinkedinrss










scroll up
homeproductsapplicationsaqua wise®resourcesaboutcontactnewsprivacypage top©2016 turf merchants. all rights reserved.		
	
	
















