










home - springfield regional chamber

























































 
 


























skip to content






























 
homeabout about the chamber legislative advocacy member directoryjoin the chamberevents + programs super 60 upcoming events signature events programssponsorship opportunitiesnews + updates chamber news member events member news job boardmember portalcontact us













facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram











 



























springfield






regional chamber






drives the economic vitality of the business community and the region. connect with us and we’ll connect you to the people, businesses and communities that make the springfield region much more than just a place on the map.







join today!
























member benefits











handshake icon



convene & connect 
as a member of src, you get exclusive or discounted registration to our world-class events designed to help you connect with and learn from other business leaders across the region.
 










scale icon



pro-business advocacy 
having a great business is only half the battle. to succeed, you need a favorable business environment. that’s what your src membership helps to achieve.
 













people icon



connections & problem solving 
the chamber provides a forum to make meaningful connections by linking you to the people and businesses needed to resolve issues, solve problems, make introductions, and provide fruitful personal and business relationships.
 










volume icon 



grow your business 
every business can benefit from greater brand awareness and increased publicity.
 
































 





events














view calendar












member news 

lightbulb icon


 








 

behavioral health network awarded commonwealth’s community behavioral health center designation



springfield-behavioral health network, inc. (bhn) has announced that the organization has been awarded the contract to serve as the community behavioral health center for the springfield catchment area. this designation was awarded by the massachusetts behavioral health partnership (mbhp), the single statewide behavioral health vendor for the executive office of health and human services’ masshealth…
read more












more member news




























 












© 2025 springfield regional chamber
 | 
site by growthzone
















springfield regional chamber 
(413) 787-1555
1441 main street, springfield, ma 01103
contact us
 


















© 2025 springfield regional chamber.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone








 
scroll to top



















