





welcome to the world of super-hair.



super-hair.net
celebrating 25 years of honor for the world's most beautiful, longest-lasting hairstyles.
“i am aware that i once had a famous haircut. i know this mostly because i still see it on people in new york." - 2000 super-hair wars champion meg ryan in instyle, 2017

welcome, hair fans! if you'd like to help people impacted by the deadly southern california wildfires, please consider the "super-hair to the rescue" link below.
what is super-hair? - defining what this site is all about.
super-hair city league -  a tv reporter snaps a long collegiate winning streak to take a vacant title in indiana. now our hunt for great local hair travels into a pacific summer. (finals opened 2/18/25 aest)
  cutting-edge hair news -  ultimate 50 member maria elvira salazar has grown her hair as long as we've seen it on her. does this journalist-turned-house member have your vote for change? (results updated 2/16/25)
to vote, click here...






 the 25th annual crown awards - week 2 voting!  your votes decide which women has the best hairstyles of the year. actress and model coryanne roberts has three crown nominations. (updated 2/16/25)
bmoc: best manes on campus -  seeking outstanding styles at colleges and universities. great hair like this can have "irish" eyes smiling in the midwest. (updated 2/15/25)
the hot list -  brief reviews of women with great styles. news junkies will be seeing a lot of this woman, but does she meet our super-hair standard? (updated 2/7/25)
top ten tresses -  our rankings of the world's best, updated twice a month. attorney vikki ziegler is a member of our top ten. (updated 2/4/25)
super-hair wars  - round in extra time! our classic match-ups, as top styles clash head-to-head. congratulations to victoria arlen, the 2024 champion hairstyle of the year! (updated 1/31/25)
the super-hair herald -  our monthly email newsletter, with website updates and extras we never post here. email us to subscribe for free!
super-hair to the rescue - how can you help survivors of the devastating fires in southern california? click here to donate to a faith-based non-profit that's providing assistance.
 hair pressure -  how did a head of super-hair become captured and tied down? you may jump for "joy" at the answer. watch the drama that can happen when super-hair faces unusual challenges.
ccna
tweets by @superhairnet

the ultimate 50 - our countdown of the greatest hairstyles of the late 20th century. our 2024 updates on all unbeaten styles concluded with the most "ultimate" woman of all.
the silver circle  -  we marked our silver anniversary with a 25-day countdown of the greatest hairstyles of our first 25 years. this most-wanted head of super-hair was second - so who did we place on top?
other countdowns: 20 for 20 (2000-19) project 20/10 (2000-09)
the fallen -  which heads of hair are not super-hair? we keep track, posting styles which have dropped to defeat - such as this crown award-winning journalist.
 the hair fan's hall of fame -  the best hairstyles of modern times, nominated and selected entirely by you. crystal bernard is a hall of fame member.
hair headlines -  does super-hair have a training table - in the kitchen, not at the mirror? learn about nutrients to develop a strong style, then review other articles on a wide range of hair-related topics.
 super-hair eurocup -  our most recent international tournament focused on the best hairstyles on (and off) the continent. congratulations to irmina preišegalaviciute, who won eurocup '24 for lithuania!
other super-hair cups: aaa cup (coming this march) super-hair world cup cup of the americas 
style profile -  christina applegate won a crown award with a form of a hair "b word" that isn't dirty at all. see how exciting bobs can be, and read our tributes to other outstanding styles.
hair attachments - links to other interesting web sites relating to hair, organized by category for easy reference.
super-hair q&a -  can a woman have super-hair after shaving her head and exposing her gray? this crown award winner will tell you it's possible. best silver hair champion jineen marie glover shares her secrets of tress success.
 hair watch -  in-depth studies of great hair in daily action; as mentioned on abc's "nightline".
word of warning - keep your head, as you admire these hairstyles.
the super-hair store -  now closed.
search for super-hair -  hunt down your favorite celebrity or style, from our
collection of hundreds of great cuts! 





  search super-hair.net or  the web powered by freefind








super-hair.net search
web search 


 super-hair in your language?super pelo red? super cheveux reseau? use our updated free translation to understand what we post here.

 
 your ad can be on our site, for less than you might expect! ask for details by writing superhair @ gmail.com .
© 2000-25 www.super-hair.net. all rights reserved.
free counters
counter #5 (freecounterstat) set 12/31/24; more than 1.7 million total home page hits and counting












