



ebook home








home          all books          donate


celebrating over 20 years with over 2,000,000 free ebooks distributed! 








browse the library
modern fiction
modern non-fiction
classic fiction
classic non-fiction
science fiction
children
computers
history
civil war
romance
adult themes

best site award



courtesy of web counter you are visitor number



 























welcome to the new esspc-ebooks.com
book search



   

title   
author   




<rant>for what it's worth it was, is and always will be 
				
the gulf of mexico.
				
				i fish in it every year and will never refer to it in any other way.</rant>
				





may we recommend 






      the captain of the polestarby: arthur conan doylethe captain of the pole star and other stories is an excellent collection of short stories by conan doyle. not the typical sherlock holmes mystery, but, instead, stories that excite the mind and the soul. you will freeze in the pack ice as you read the first story in this collection.


sometimes you have to blow your own horn. i not only publish books but i write them. 
	
		these three books are not found on this web site but on amazon - because i am 
	
		selling them for kindle and in paperback and hardback format 
		to help provide income in 
	my retirement. 
	please support this site by buying
	my books. 
	and, if you like them, please give me a good 
	written review.
	thanks!




fancy
			eighty-two year old frances smith, known 
			as fancy, is suffering from senile dementia. she doesn’t know it; 
			neither does her family. ten of her younger years were consumed with 
			her love for carlos, a man who worked on her father’s farm. their 
			love blossomed and grew until one fateful day.

			as an old woman, fancy spends more and more time in her past, 
			through both her dementia and her conscious remembrances of carlos. 
			she remembers how they loved to dance at fire halls and other 
			dances. she constantly asks him when they will once again dance. his 
			reply is always the same, “soon my love.”

			all the while her family tries to come to grips with her dementia.


get fancy here




centerville
sheriff john shambach is consumed with the tragedies happening, without rhyme or reason, in the nearby village of centerville. while he tries to track down the murderer of little betsy smith, two teenagers, jimmy harris and ben snyder, who live in the village, are well on the way of discovering who this evil monster is. they discover who was responsible for the horrible events at the firemen’s carnival, where betsy smith was brutally murdered and another girl attacked and nearly raped. they piece together the clues to what actually happened to patrick marks and why his pants were on backwards. and why he was found down a well. through this summer of horror they unearth the facts that the sheriff is unable find and they identify the serial killer in their midst. how does a small insular society cope with tragedy after tragedy in that hot summer?
twenty years pass and now ben snyder is a detective deputy sheriff in the same quiet central pennsylvania area where he grew up.
the peacefulness in centerville is shattered by the murder of an elderly woman who is confined to a wheelchair. ben finds it suspicious that the woman is found in the cellar with her wheelchair but the wheelchair is too wide to fit through the doorway. not long after that a local mennonite girl is brutally murdered and ben struggles with the few clues to solve either case. a sudden revelation opens things up and leads him back to his own childhood and the horrible events of the summer of 1955.			
this is an expanded second edition combining watermelon summer and ben's story into one volume. 
			material has been added, and some rewritten.
			

get centerville here





stories my mother never told me
here is a collection of short stories your mother surely never told you. you will find genres from humor to horror to science fiction.


			meet sam, the millionaire, he has almost everything. all he wants is a house of his own.

			then there is king boots, by far the best mouser at a distant spaceport. there mousers are very important.

			take a walk through the woods and the fields, but be careful what you kick.

			murder is most rare in a distant galaxy, far, far away.

			discover what strange things happen during thunder storms. you may not like thunder so much after that.

			explore a cave in a little town in pennsylvania.

			or meet your very distant cousin and learn what he asks of you.


			you see, these are stories your mother never told you, but there’s a lot to enjoy and never a dull moment.
			

get stories here






now we have not 
only microsoft reader books, but books for kindle and nook.





our books can be accessed on your smartphone, tablet or ereader. any time day or night and they are still all 
free!

none of the books published at this site will be locked down or restricted in any way. 

look 
for this logo to insure that the book you are reading is a genuine
esspc ebook.



donations to help me continue to run this site are always welcome. your help 
is greatly appreciated

you can download scale converter for android phones here
scale converter


you can download scale converter for windows here
scale converter

note that your computer may warn that it is an unknown program
or that the certificate is invalid. go ahead and download it anyway.
it won't hurt your system.





copyright © 2000 - 2024 by
kenneth mattern, all rights reserved
last updated 2/15/2025

this web site is dedicated to mr. maltie sassaman, my fourth grade teacher. when 
i entered his class i could not read. when i left his class at the end of the 
school year i was reading at a sixth grade level and i haven't stopped reading 
since. were it not for mr. sassaman, this page would not exist. 



