



nautilus yachting - bareboat & flotilla holidays | nautilus yachting



















































sailing qualifications



to skipper a bareboat charter or flotilla yacht, you need to hold a practical sailing certificate equivalent to rya day skipper practical qualification or rya international certificate of competence (icc). for charters in greece, you must now have the icc certificate. you must also be assisted by at least one competent crew member over the age of 18.
the port authorities in greece are now insisting on one of the following practical certificates: rya icc (international certificate of competence), rya coastal, rya yachtmaster, asa ipc (international proficiency certificate) or the iyt (international yacht training) passport. if you hold an rya day skipper or asa104 it will no longer be accepted and you need to obtain either an icc or ipc from the corresponding issuing body (rya or asa). if your rya coastal/yachtmaster or asa105/106 certificate is more than 12 years old and does not have a photo id, then we would also strongly advise applying for an icc or ipc. if you are a member of the rya or asa, you may qualify for a discount or free certificate, otherwise, you will have to pay. the approximate cost is £50. please use this link - rya application for the icc or asa application for the ipc.
for charters in croatia, malta and the canaries, at least one member of the crew or the skipper will also need a vhf licence.
rya qualifications can be obtained by rya sailing schools in the uk or alternatively choose from one of our overseas centres in gibraltar, greece or turkey.
for seychelles, the local authorities require an icc for the skipper of a bareboat or flotilla yacht charter.
for caribbean and tropical charters, formal qualifications are not compulsory, however, you should be day skipper standard and be assisted by at least one competent crew. a brief sailing resume should be provided to outline your experience.
for thailand a day skipper qualification is required as a minimum and you must have at least 3 weeks of skippering experience prior to your charter. a vhf qualification is compulsory.
if you don't hold the relevant qualifications then why not add a skipper?








sailing levels




level 1winds force 2-3 (4-11 knots)combined with generally shorter distances. good for beginner or intermediate sailors. line-of-sight navigation but basic knowledge of charts and ability to plot your position required.
level 2winds force 3-5 (7-21 knots)  with approximately 15-20nm per day. intermediate experience required. predominately line of sight navigation but an understanding of how to sail in open water.
level 3winds force 4-6  (11-27 knots) with mileage of approximately 20nm+ per day. ideal for experienced skippers looking to venture out to new destinations. day skipper standard but with experienced crew would be recommended.





quote me  


quick quote form














preferred start date (required):


 my date is flexible +/- 7 days
                    

holiday type?
flotilla
bareboat charter
learn to sail
crewed
skippered
cabin charter








 send





  






 +44 (0)1732 867445
mon-fri: 0900 - 1730, sat: 1000 - 1500






about us


enquiry


mynautilus login


















 yacht charter


bareboat yacht charters
greece yacht charter ionian yacht charter corfu yacht charter athens yacht charter cyclades yacht charter aegean yacht charter sporades yacht charter dodecanese yacht charter kefalonia yacht charter 
turkey yacht charter fethiye yacht charter turkish gulets turkey flotillas marmaris & orhaniye yacht charter 
croatia yacht charter split & trogir yacht charter kornati yacht charter pula yacht charter dubrovnik yacht charter montenegro yacht charter learn to sail in sibenik in croatia sibenik yacht charter 
italian yacht charter sardinia yacht charter sicily yacht charter tuscany yacht charter gulf of naples yacht charter 
 mediterranean yacht charter france yacht charter mallorca yacht charter corsica yacht charter 
atlantic & baltic yacht charter sweden yacht charter brittany yacht charter tenerife yacht charter 
caribbean yacht charter british virgin islands yacht charter antigua yacht charter st martin yacht charter grenada & st vincent yacht charter martinique yacht charter guadeloupe yacht charter belize yacht charter bahamas yacht charter crewed yachts in the caribbean mexico yacht charter st lucia 
tropical yacht charter seychelles yacht charter thailand yacht charter whitsundays yacht charter tahiti yacht charter mexico yacht charters 
hire a skipper you can add a skipper or opt for a fully crewed yacht! 
go large! upgrade to a catamaran for more space!  
 flotilla


flotilla holidays
greece flotillas ionian flotilla corfu flotilla sporades flotilla dodecanese flotilla learn to sail on flotilla saronic gulf and corinth canal flotilla 
croatia flotillas dalmatian flotilla dubrovnik flotilla split flotilla 
turkey flotillas fethiye flotilla 
thailand flotilla thailand flotilla 
learn to sail on flotilla perfect for families and relaxed sailing   
 cabin charter


cabin charter holidays
greece cabin charter cabin charter in athens 
italy cabin charter sardinia cabin charter amalfi coast cabin charter 
caribbean cabin charter cabin charter in the the british virgin islands   
 crewed 
 learn to sail


learn to sail  learn to sail in gibraltar learn to sail in croatia learn to sail in aegina learn to sail in dubai learn to sail on flotilla  
 motoryachts 
 plan your trip


planning your holiday airport parking & hotels what's onboard faqs travel insurance travelling with children why book with us testimonials useful links passports and visas booking conditions brexit  
 why book with us planning the perfect sailing holiday for over 30 years!  
 yacht ownership  blogs

  latest sailing journals corfu sailing journal by kali, nautilus yachting antigua sailing journal by helen, nautilus yachting kornati sailing journal by kali, nautilus yachting corfu flotilla sailing journal by isla, nautilus yachting south ionian sailing journal by louise, nautilus yachting volos sailing journal by helen, nautilus yachting trogir sailing journal by kali, nautilus yachting
all sailing journals
  sailing itineraries by country greece croatia turkey italy spain france sweden montenegro british virgin islands antigua grenadines    guadeloupe st martin bahamas thailand seychelles belize australasia mexico portugal martinique cuba french polynesia caribbean sailing itineraries by type bareboat flotilla cabin charter  latest blogs
 the best of the british virgin islands dalmatian flotilla in croatia - everything you need to know a sailor's guide to italy's coastal cuisine meet the skipper - harley best sailing destinations in the mediterraneanall blogs    
 
















loading your next adventure...












search & book with nautilus
trusted quality, now at the click of a button



 bareboat
 flotilla



   location

where are you going?
   south ionian   corfu   athens / saronic gulf   dodecanese   cyclades   kefalonia   split   sibenik (nr. split)   dubrovnik   kornati   pula   fethiye bay   marmaris & orhaniye   sardinia   sicily   tuscany   naples   mallorca   canaries   catalonia   cote d'azur   corsica   brittany   stockholm   montenegro   tortola   jolly harbour   grenada/grenadines   pointe a pitre   st martin   nassau   abacos   phuket   praslin   mahe   placencia   whitsundays   la paz   tahiti   rodney bay 

   duration 
how long for?
1 week
2 weeks

   start date 
 search
 




   location*
where are you going?
🇬🇷 corfu
🇬🇷 ionian
🇹🇷 fethiye🇭🇷 dalmatian
🇭🇷 dubrovnik

   duration 
how long for?
1 week
2 weeks

   start date 
 search flotillas
 




 


'
            why should you choose nautilus?








the uk's leading independent yacht charter agency with over 30 years of experience.











worldwide sailing holidays in over 20 different countries including greece, croatia, turkey and the bvi.











bareboat yacht charters, flotilla sailing holidays, rya learn to sail courses, cabin charters and crewed.











our knowledgable team working with trusted partners to provide you with the best service since 1992.













mediterranean yacht charters
discover one of the world's best sailing areas - the med offers hidden bays, waterfront restaurants and crystal clear waters. read more...









caribbean sailing holidays
it's hard to beat the laid-back attitude of the caribbean. enjoy days filled with beach hopping, snorkeling, and a rum punch or two on a caribbean yacht charter. read more...









tropical yacht charters
find true paradise with a yacht charter in one of our tropical sailing destinations. read more...









bareboat yacht charters
bareboat charters offer the ultimate freedom and a choice for over 38 sailing destinations worldwide! read more...









flotilla holidays
a fantastic week or two sailing with the support of our experienced lead crews. enjoy a sociable flotilla holiday which is fun for families, groups and couples alike! read more...









learn to sail
learn the ropes whilst on holiday by completing an rya course in one of our partner sea schools in greece, turkey or gibraltar. read more...









family sailing holidays
sailing holidays can be perfect for all ages. read our advice on the best sailing holidays for children. read more...









couples and friends
we have sailing holidays for everyone - from romantic caribbean getaways to a fun week in the med with friends! read more...









new to sailing
no sailing qualifications? no problem - choose from skippered, crewed or learn to sail holidays. read more...






inspiration and information for your next sailing holiday


 
the best of the british virgin islands
there are so many things to love about the beautiful british virgin islands. if you are planning a trip to this sailing paradise then read our article where we round up all you need to know to ensure you see and experience the best the bvi has to offer.





 
dalmatian flotilla in croatia - everything you need to know
do you fancy a flotilla sailing holiday in croatia but have unanswered questions? in this article we answer many of the most frequently asked questions on the dalmatian flotilla in croatia to give you a feel for what you can expect from a nautilus yachting flotilla sailing holiday.





 
a sailor's guide to italy's coastal cuisine
italy's coast features some of the most amazing vistas in the world, as well as the best cuisine italy has to offer. in this article we share the best and must-try coastal dishes, secret foods, and the next-level local food products you cannot miss when on a sailing holiday in italy.
























ask us for a quick quote we'll get back to you with a no obligation tailored quote within 24 hours (mon-fri: 0900-1730)



contact details






preferred date from (required)



preferred date to (required)








please click here if you would like to receive our newsletters with the latest info, updates and exclusive offers.


 send

















let's talk now


01732 867445
mon-fri: 0900 - 1730
                                    sat: 1000 - 1500
 charter@nautilusyachting.com


call our knowledgeable sailing specialists for the latest advice and recommendations on the sailing areas most suited to you.










let's talk later
arrange a call back from one of our specialists (mon-fri: 0900-1730).










asap
morning
afternoon





 send
















book with confidence with nautilus yachting




join email list

















sailing holiday destinations


mediterranean

greece yacht charter
turkey yacht charter
croatia yacht charter
france yacht charter
italian islands yacht charter
mallorca yacht charter
corsica yacht charter
learn to sail in gibraltar

atlantic & baltic

sweden yacht charter
brittany yacht charter
tenerife yacht charter
azores yacht charter
portugal yacht charter



caribbean

british virgin islands yacht charter
antigua yacht charter
st martin yacht charter
grenada & st vincent yacht charter
martinique yacht charter
guadeloupe yacht charter
cuba yacht charter
belize yacht charter
bahamas yacht charter
crewed yachts in the caribbean

tropical

seychelles yacht charter
thailand yacht charter
whitsundays yacht charter
tahiti yacht charter





sailing holiday types

bareboat yacht charter
flotillas
crewed yachts
cabin charter
learn to sail
motoryacht charter

for everyone

families
couples & friends
novice sailors
add a skipper









                         




 sitemap | 
 privacy policy & website use | 
 careers | 
 request a quote

© 1992 - 2025 nautilus yachting ltd 














