



yorkshire terrier national rescue





























home

adopt 

available dogs
adopt application
surrender application



get involved 

volunteer application
pawspice
newsletter


donate














yorkshire terrier national rescue remains active and in support of yorkies in need, and those who need to surrender, 
would like to foster, or want to adopt during covid-19.  we continue to rely on the support of our volunteers and 
donors, but during this pandemic we want to ensure that our mission supports the safety and health of our community 
at large.

in support of physical distancing, we are adjusting our intake and placement process, as not to potentially expose 
you, our volunteers, or community. we ask that you work with us in remaining safe, while also providing a safety 
net for animals in need. these are unprecedented times. please take care of yourself, reach out for support when 
you need it, contact ytnr to assist in problem-solving regarding a potential rescue or adoption, and remain hopeful 
and positive.

thank you for your compassion and dedication,
maryelizabeth dugmore
president and founder, ytnr



new items just arrived in our rescue shop!  come check them out! this is a great way to support our rescue dogs!



last line of defense


















yorkshire terrier national rescue inc. is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) charitable organization. we have been rescuing and 
re-homing yorkshire terriers since 1997. our rescues live in foster homes, are spayed/neutered, heartworm tested, 
medically cleared, vaccinated and microchipped prior to placement.

potential adopter applications are carefully screened. pre-adoptive interviews as well as in-home checks, 
personal and veterinary reference checks are conducted to ensure a loving and responsible forever home placement. 
make a donation:

ytnr will never use craigslist to advertise or sell any dog. our contact info on our web page is the only contact info for 
our rescue. please use only this site for our rescue dogs and contact.



 
about ytnr
contact
guardian angel
rescue shop
board members
members log in


get involved
happy endings
smoky awards
facebook
twitter
youtube


other links
livershunt
puppymills
collapsing trachea
legg perthes
yorkie encephalitis


support
dinks memorial fund
yorkiespice
yorkiespice list
sponsorship 





&copy2023 / ytnr
all graphics and information on these pages belong solely to ytnr.  
please don't copy or remove anything from these pages.
web design by laura's webdesign










