



santa paula times





































 













home
inside
• sports
• news
• columnists
• opinion


locales
santa paula


journalists
peggy kelly
kay wilson-bolton
mike kelley
robert cantu


about us
about us
subscribe
contact us





february 17, 2025




community highlights
 




the warning: famed santa paula statue warns passersby about covid-19!
“the warning,” the famed statue of two motorcycle officers racing through santa paula in 1928 to spread the word of the collapse of the st. francis dam, are now giving a visual warning to stay safe during the covid-19 coronavirus pandemic. the statue, located at the corner of 10th and santa barbara streets, depicts state motorcycle officer thornton edwards and santa paula police officer stanley baker on the night of the dam disaster.
photo by john nichols

read more »







latest news 
february 17, 2025


santa clara waste water site that exploded in 2014 up for auction on sept. 13 
by peggy kelly
read more »










the warning: famed santa paula statue warns passersby about covid-19!        
march 31, 2020


“the warning,” the famed statue of two motorcycle officers racing through santa paula in 1928 to spread the word of the collapse of the st. francis dam, are now giving a visual warning to stay safe during the covid-19 coronavirus pandemic. the statue, located at the corner of 10th and santa barbara streets, depicts state motorcycle officer thornton edwards and santa paula police officer stanley baker on the night of the dam disaster.





notice of trustee sale for scww property 
june 29, 2022


mk consultants, inc., one w. deer valley road, suite 103, phoenix, az 85027, 623-434-5560





thacher school releases apology, report detailing accusations of sexual harassment of students 
june 19, 2021


by peggy kelly




more news
 




experts recommend that you talk to your children about covid-19 coronavirus only if they ask, show interest or act troubled. focus on helping your child feel safe, speak calmly and reassuringly, give them space to share their fears, and talk about what people are doing to stay safe and healthy. remember: kids often worry more about others than themselves, so reassure them that you and other family members are well and will strive to stay that way. hugs are the best communication.  	







food is essential and vons is on the front line of covid-19









labor leader huerta at ag museum 
may 06, 2022


by peggy kellysanta paula times





laughter may just be the best pandemic medicine: 
april 23, 2020


by peggy kelly










site search









santa paula timese-mail news updates














most read articles

7 days
14 days
1 month



santa clara waste water site that explod...thacher school releases apology, report...obituary celia galvan castro september 1...the warning: famed santa paula statue wa...the naming of santa paula’s sports stadi...santa paula high school’s water polo t...el santo niño de atocha: arrival of icon...cardinals had a clean sweep of matches a...notice of trustee sale for scww propertya message from santa paula unified schoo...

santa clara waste water site that explod...thacher school releases apology, report...the warning: famed santa paula statue wa...el santo niño de atocha: arrival of icon...obituary celia galvan castro september 1...the naming of santa paula’s sports stadi...santa paula men’s golf club has their pr...cardinals had a clean sweep of matches a...notice of trustee sale for scww propertysanta paula high school’s water polo t...

the warning: famed santa paula statue wa...thacher school releases apology, report...santa clara waste water site that explod...el santo niño de atocha: arrival of icon...obituary celia galvan castro september 1...the naming of santa paula’s sports stadi...cardinals had a clean sweep of matches a...obituary pam fullerton december 10, 2014notice of trustee sale for scww propertylabor leader huerta at ag museum





 

subscribe
e-subscribe
call 805 525 1890 to receive the entire paper early.
$50.00 for one year.




about us | contact
copyright  2025 - santa paula times



webmaster






