






joe's lodge






































































skip to content








 




 




 




 




 




 















 
218.335.6773
 availability
 webcam
 360° tour
 weather

 



































 
home
cabins
camping
activities
fishing & boat rentals
rates

vacation packages


contact
book now
 





 

 × home
cabins
camping
activities
fishing & boat rentals
rates

vacation packages


contact
book now
 









 




















celebrating 100 years! since 2024






for family fun and fishing adventure!






welcome to joe's lodge






a northern minnesota family vacation resort on the cass chain of lakes

















on the mighty mississippi and in the heart of the chippewa national forest











​at joe’s lodge, we offer a great variety of fun, adventure and accommodations to fit everyone’s fancy - from our reunion and lakeside lodges to modern vacation homes, and lakeside log cabins. we have everything you need to enjoy a stress free family getaway – water, blue skies, lush green forests, fish and wildlife. fall asleep by the moonlit waters listening to the call of the loons, and wake up to a fabulous sunrise!













view rates and book a visit today!












































joe’s has been around since 1924, building family memories and telling fish stories.


































what you can expect from your stay

















the majority of our beautiful cabins have been replaced and the remaining have been remodeled.
















recreational activities to keep the entire family busy! the water toys are a huge draw to kids of all ages!
















our sandy beaches provide a great place for exercise or kicking back and relaxing with your favorite book.
















variety of fishing boats and pontoons for rent, protected boat harbors, and fish cleaning house.
















select cabins open year round for ice fishing, snowmobiling, crafting, or weekend getaways.
















located on 40 acres in the chippewa national forest with hiking trails, fishing dock and inland harbors.
















many great places to visit in the bemidji and cass lake area including family restaurants and attractions.




















featured cabins










































#21 northwoods reunion lodge







6 bedroom | 4 bathroom






deluxe double cabin!










































#11 itasca







3 bedroom | 2 bathroom






central location










































#20 eagle point







2 bedroom | 1 bathroom






prime lakefront point









































start your vacation










 
reunion or romantic getaway
 
 











 
great fishing on andrusia
 
 











 
 many recreational activities
 
 











 
 virtual tour & live webcam
 
 










check out our vacation packages!










 














area information






bemidji chamber
cass lake area chamber




















15228 joe's lodge drive s.e.
bemidji, minnesota 56601






call: (218) 335-6773
email: vacation@joeslodge.com









follow us










quick links







check availability
cabin info
camping
activities
fishing & boat rentals
rates
reservations
 
















© 2025 joe's lodge. all rights reserved.









 













