







powersurge worship ministries


























        powersurge worship ministries        

        training and sending individuals and teams to use the worship arts to proclaim the gospel and encourage the believer      




home

about pwm
ministry
worship education






subscribe to feed













        welcome      
…worship consists in our affections, the core part of our being that orients our mind, will, and emotions toward an object. sin has caused our affections to stray, propelling us to worship relationships, achievement, work — anything but god.
jonathan edwards
p u r p o s e
powersurge worship ministries exists to empower and assist the local church and mission agency in its worship and outreach efforts, wherever in the world that assistance is needed, with the goal of seeing vibrant communities of faith established which “proclaim the glories of him who called us out of darkness and into his marvelous light”.
to do so we train and send individuals and teams to use the worship arts to proclaim the gospel and encourage the believer.
o r g a n i z a t i o n
powersurge worship ministries is an evangelical not-for-profit global outreach ministry seeking to promote and enable a lifestyle of biblically-based worship across the christian church and the world.
it eliminates sexual weaknesses and strengthens  order viagra your reproductive organs. order levitra online discover more here one needs to remove the cause of erectile dysfunction in men. in fact 50mg generic viagra  women need to be more careful about your diet. you can enlighten molineanimalaid.org levitra sale yourself with a wide array of topics related to thyroid and other disorders as well. 
the powersurge worship band (pwb), redeemed, sonrise mountain revival and all our affiliated artists are dedicated to excellence in worship, worship evangelism, training and musical performance.
we are also committed to helping the church grow, assisting through our performance groups, training teams and affiliated missionaries.
give









powersurge worship ministries purpose is … training and sending individuals and teams to use the worship arts in proclaiming the gospel and encouraging the believer.





pagesabout pwm

prayer needs
executive director
contact powersurge …
what we believe


ministry

short term projects

projects blog


the powersurge worship band
sonrise mountain revival

upcoming smr concerts and appearances




worship education

simple outline of worship 101
why do we gather?

outline
sample lesson


musings


grand piano ministry
 



categoriescategories
select category


posts
february 2025


s
m
t
w
t
f
s




 1


2345678


9101112131415


16171819202122


232425262728
 



 
 
 
archives







  © 2008 
  powersurge worship ministries.   



 <?