












albertasource websites







 











 























 






							all sites
						









alberta heritage online
alberta heritage online is the gateway to 
									alberta's heritage resources including museums, historic sites 
									and archives. it promotes cultural tourism through 
									showcasing places to go as well as providing a directory of 
									heritage institutions and organizations.







 



elders' voices
they are the ones who remember. they are the keepers of knowledge, and 
                  the living memories of ancient cultures. they are the elders of alberta’s aboriginal 
                  communities. read and hear the stories of elders in elders’ voices, a multimedia 
                  testament to the resilience of those who have struggled to keep the old world from 
                  being completely swept away by the new.
 





 



                    alberta's francophone heritage
francophone alberta is important historically, politically, economically, culturally and 
                  socially. discover more through alberta's francophone  heritage and its telling of individual and 
                  community stories from the era of the fur trade to contemporary francophone communities confidently 
                  embracing the future.
 




alberta: home, home on the plains
to make way for western settlement and the 
									building of the railways, in the latter half of the 19th 
									century, treaties were undertaken by the government of canada 
									with aboriginal people. discover the settlement era in alberta with 
									a focus on early settlement, rural life,  farming and ranching.






alberta: how the west was young
join us as we discover the early history of 
									alberta going back 11,000 years. the site explores 
									aboriginal history from the pre-contact era through to the fur 
									trade and the métis—the people who bridged the old and new worlds.






alberta: naturally
this site explores the natural history of alberta 
									through an ecosystems approach. explore the natural regions 
									of alberta, the flora and fauna, through text, over 700 images, 
									225 audio files and a flashzone designed specifically for children 
									of all ages.






alberta's arts heritage
the heritage community foundation and ckua radio 
									network are thrilled to provide users of the world wide web 
									with a rich and dynamic resource on the arts in alberta. this 
									site provides a chance to learn about the people and organizations 
									that have contributed to development of the arts and culture 
									in alberta.






alberta's aviation heritage
this site presents alberta's contribution to 
									aviation history. barnstorming, international airfields and 
									early flying inventions come alive as you watch oral 
									histories, listen to heritage trails, and read about the 
									pioneers of flight. 






alberta's inventors and inventions
the site explores innovation and invention 
									through the patent process and provides access to thousands of 
									patent records. individual inventors and inventions are 
									profiled and the inventive spirit is seen as crucial to the 
									past and future development of the province of alberta.






alberta's natural resources
alberta's development, past and present, 
									depends on our natural resources. this site provides 
									primary information about soils and agriculture, hydrocarbons 
									and forests. as well, it explores the history of 
									resource extraction, innovation in resource use as well as issues.






alberta's political history
learn all about the political life of alberta 
									from past to present—elected officials, the buildings and 
									the stories.  topics covered  include political institutions, 
									elections, people and events.   an interactive map 
									allows you to search election records from 1905.






alberta's telephone heritage
from alex taylor to telus communications, this 
									site looks at the technology of the telephone and celebrates 
									its development in alberta. oral histories, heritage trails, 
									and a searchable database let visitors really explore 
									alberta's telephone heritage.






albertans: who do they think they are? 
explore the cultural diversity of alberta with 
									a focus on the people and issues that have helped make alberta 
									the dynamic province it is today. more than 60 ethnocultural groups are represented including their history, 
									culture, traditions and contributions.






celebrating alberta's italian community
immigrants from italy began to come to western 
									canada in the 1880s to work on the railways and in the mines. 
									explore the settlement history, culture, traditions, 
									achievements and contributions of italian-canadians. the 
									site includes profiles of individuals and organizations, photo 
									albums as well as discussions of painful issues such as 
									discrimination and internment.






city of edmonton archives - online catalogue
the city of edmonton archives is a treasure 
									trove of documents and images important to an understanding of 
									the history of the city and region.  the online 
									catalogues includes more than 10,000 historic photographs 
									spanning more than 100 years.






ckua sound archives 
the ckua radio network is canada's first educational 
									broadcaster and canada's first public broadcaster. its 
									sound archives are important to the public 
									life, arts and culture of alberta. listen to over 800 
									hours of ckua programming including arts alberta, speaker of 
									the week and current affairs.






doors open alberta
this site promotes doors open alberta—an 
									annual special event that showcases the architectural heritage 
									of alberta. visit the site to find out about our 
									architectural history and different kinds of buildings from 
									modest to extravagant.






edmonton oilers heritage
this website coincides with the edmonton oilers' 
									25th anniversary celebration marking their arrival in the 
									national hockey league (nhl) in the 1979-80 season. the site 
									commemorates the rich history and contributions of the oilers 
									to professional hockey and includes player profiles, 
									memorabilia, video and a photo database.






edukits.ca
this site is a public learning portal that 
									showcases edukits developed by the heritage community 
									foundation drawing on its educational websites found at
									www.albertasource.ca. edukits are a dynamic assemblage of educational resources 
									including lesson plans, activities, games and 
									interactive content to capture students' imaginations and 
									promote hands-on learning.






the famous 5
until the famous 5—nellie mcclung, emily murphy, 
									irene parlby, henrietta muir edwards and louise mckinney—decided 
									to challenge the government of canada, women were not 
									considered "persons" in the law. find out about these 
									five amazing women and their contributions to canadian society 
									and the advancement of women's rights.






great alberta law cases
this interactive site presents, in audio format, 
									dramatizations of 30 of alberta's most interesting, contentious 
									and influential legal battles. the site presents civil, 
									criminal and constitutional cases from when alberta was a part 
									of the northwest territories to the present.






methodist missionaries in alberta
find out about methodism in canada as an 
									aspect of the settlement of the canadian west. the 
									missionaries came to spread the faith but also became tools 
									for government policy in relation to aboriginal people. this 
									legacy, good and bad, is explored.










the métis in 
								alberta

explore the rich history of the 
							first francophone community in alberta through the métis in 
							alberta, a fully bilingual website showcasing the origins, 
							the people, and the culture of the métis who have helped shaped 
							this province into what it is today.
 




for the life of the world: the missionary oblates
this site explores the 19th century french 
									missionary order that still serves in first nations' 
									communities in western and northern canada. through three 
									small virtual exhibits find out about the vocation of these 
									early missionaries.









nature's laws
experience the culture and traditions of the 
								first nation people with nature's laws - a website 
								describing aboriginal views on the governance of life.
 




northlands park - memories worth keeping
this website  explores the long and rich 
									heritage of northlands park—a community organization—over 125 years. northlands is seen as key to the development of not only the 
									city of edmonton but also the region. explore the 
									agricultural roots; rodeo; horse racing; arts and cultural 
									events; trade shows and other economic development activities 
									from past to present.






spirit of the peace museums - online catalogue
this online digital catalogue provides access 
									to selected artifacts, archival images and records drawn from  the collections of 26 museums in 
									northern alberta (the spirit of the peace museums network). images relate to aboriginal and settlement history and include 
									natural history specimens.






st. vincent and st. paul
the era of the fur trade first brought 
									francophone fur traders to northern alberta and created métis 
									communities. missionary orders, such as the oblates of mary 
									immaculate, came next to serve aboriginal peoples to be 
									followed by settlers. join us as we examine the history and 
									dynamics of two of alberta's important french communities.






treaty 8
this virtual exhibit explores the making of 
									treaty 8 through text, historic photographs, 
									audio, video and contextual information, as well as 
									exploring the culture and lifeways of first nations people.











															volunteerism in alberta: 100 years of celebrating community
the selfless acts of thousands of albertan 
																volunteers have defined the province since the first 
																explorers entered western canada. find out about the people 
																and the organizations they formed who have dedicated 
																themselves to advancing the causes of others without the 
																expectation of being compensated. alberta's volunteers are 
																one of our most valuable natural resources, and they have 
																been improving community for over 100 years.
 




when coal was king: coal mining in western canada
this site is the first phase of a multi-phase 
									project that will result in a national website that explores 
									coal mining—past, present and future. text, images, audio 
									and video are used to tell a compelling story. the website 
									is a part of the year of the coal miner project, a major 
									education and awareness campaign involving alberta and 
									british columbia partners.






wings over alberta
find out about canadians at war and the 
									contributions made by military personnel and civilians alike in 
									world war ii. learn about the british commonwealth air training 
									plan (bcatp) and its role in canada's contribution to the 
									war effort. find out about canada's armed forces, the homefront as well as air training centres.






women of aspenland - images from central alberta
this virtual exhibit explores 100 years of 
									western settlement history from a woman's perspective 
									and includes artifacts and images from central alberta regional 
									museums network (carmn) members.  individual women and 
									communities are profiled from the contact with aboriginal 
									people in the methodist mission era through the first part of 
									the 20th century. both human and natural history 
									perspectives are included.






youth source 
this site showcases projects undertaken by 
									alberta children and youth that explore community history, 
									landscapes and environments.  it provides a resource for 
									teachers desiring to explore the historical, natural, 
									cultural, scientific and technological heritage through 
									experiential learning using web resources.






alberta heritage alphabet
this site presents an overview of the 
									historical, cultural, natural, scientific and technological 
									heritage of alberta. through the letters of the 
									alphabet, information is presented at three levels for 
									elementary, secondary and adult learners.








top


















