



dental insurance - individual dental insurance - family dental insurance plans


















 









zip code: 
 
   




 


 

 








 

individual dental insurance
    family dental insurance plans

dental
    insurance


individual - family dental insurance plan quotes






buying
    individual dental insurance or
    family dental
    insurance plans does not
    have to be a painful process because most dental insurance plans offer low
    cost monthly payment options with immediate or next dental coverage. insurancecompany.com a dental specialist in individual
    dental insurance and affordable low monthly family dental insurance and
      dental discount plans, vision and prescription coverage programs. we have
      been serving the dental insurance community since 1983, you will find our
      licensed dental insurance agents ready to assist you.


it is easy to compare family and individual dental insurance plans
    and decide which one is right for you and
    your family.
    many of the dental plans of insurance have next day benefits and services from well
      established individual and family dentists in local dental offices near you. 


insurance company offers individual
    and family
    dental insurance plans in all 50 states. dental insurance company is a
    national leader of individual dental care related products with an
    online e-market place
    to compare affordable low cost monthly dental insurance options from the nations largest
    dental companies.


    







all
            types of individual dental insurance and family dental is covered by
            affordable insurance plans and you can find a local dental office
            near you. we have dental associates that can explain the services,
            discounts, and coverage. there are over 100+ dental plans to fit
            your monthly budget. some offer a cheap price and yet have the best
            dental providers.

            



            individual dental insurance plan quotes are available on a state by state basis in
            alabama, alaska, arizona, arkansas, california, colorado,
            connecticut, delaware, dist of columbia, florida, georgia, hawaii,
            idaho, illinois, indiana, iowa, kansas, kentucky, louisiana, maine,
            maryland, massachusetts, michigan, minnesota, mississippi, missouri,
            montana, nebraska, nevada, new hampshire, new jersey, new mexico,
            new york, north carolina, north dakota, ohio, oklahoma, oregon,
            pennsylvania, rhode island, south carolina, south dakota, tennessee,
            texas, utah, vermont, virginia, washington, west virginia,
            wisconsin, wyoming. 





 
















 
dental insurance
                  plan - oral health dental care



  

individual dental insurance



  

                  indemnity dental insurance


  


  

                  types of dental insurance


  


  

                  supplement dental insurance


  

                  student dental insurance


  

                  benefits of dental insurance


  

                  dental insurance for crowns


  

                  dental insurance decisions


                  ppo dental insurance


                  affordable dental insurance


                  dental insurance for braces


                  cosmetic dentistry - insurance



  

                  dental plan coverage


  


 


                  business dental insurance



 




 


                  family dental insurance for root canals
 


                  toothache home remedies - garlic,
                  peppermint
 


                  does dental insurance cover dental
                  implants
 


                  what is full coverage dental insurance




 



                  does dental insurance cover invisalign
 



 
 



                  cleaning your teeth - does it save on
                  dental insurance  
                   




what are dental hmo's



 

hmo insurance
                  networks
                  dhmo refers to a dental health maintenance organization that
      helps you find the best...
these insurance plans, also known as "capitation plans," operate
      like their medical hmo cousins. this
      type of dental plan provides a comprehensive dental care to enrolled
      patients through designated provider office.  
a dental health
      maintenance organization (dhmo) is a common example of a capitation
      plan. the individual and family dentist is paid on a per capita (per person) basis rather than
      for actual treatment provided. 
participating
      individual and family dental offices receive
      a fixes monthly fee based on the number of patients assigned to the
      office. in addition to premiums, client co-payments may be required for
      each visit. some typical features of these plans:

- monthly premiums (some
          require you to prepay a year's worth) 

- co-payments for office
          visits 

- free preventive or routine
          care 

- you must select from an
          approved network of individual and family providers 

- may have an initial
          enrollment fee 

- annual dollar cap 

- your average monthly cost:
          $25 to $45 
- companies selling these
          plans are regulated by state insurance departments. 
                  paying the individual and family dental office

when choosing a benefits plan, it
                  is important to know who pays what to whom. dental plans can
                  be categorized into three types based on the compensation and
                  treatment provided...







understanding
          the various types of individual dental insurance and family dental insurance plans is important when trying to buy the right plan
          for you and your family.

finding the right value in
          individual dental insurance or dental plans is an important step in
          purchasing dental coverage for you and your family.

both types of individual
          dental insurance plans have advantages and disadvantages and one size does not
          fit everyone. keeping this in mind is an important rule when you shop
          for the dental plan that best fits your needs. 

we sell both individual
          and family dental insurance and dental discount plans throughout all
          50 states. here are some brief examples that may help you decide even
          in an emergency. this is helpful since some of the dental plan
          services are free which is good for you and your family.

        indemnity - individual dental insurance
this is the
        plan where you choose your own individual or family dentist. the dental insurance plan pays
        the dental office on a traditional fee-for-service basis. a
        monthly premium is paid by the client and/or the employer to an
        insurance company, which then reimburses them for
        the services rendered.  
a dental insurance
        company usually pays between 50% - 80% of the family or individual dental office
        fees for a covered procedures; the remaining 20% - 50% is paid by the
        client. these plans often have a pre-determined or set deductible
        amount which varies from plan to plan. indemnity dental plans also can limit
        the amount of services covered within a given year and pay them
        based on a variety of fee schedules. some typical features of these
        plans:



high deductibles before
            coverage begins (well-designed plans don't apply the deductible to
            preventive services) 


probationary periods on
            certain procedures that last up to a year 


annual dollar limit on
            benefits 


chose your own
            individual or family dentist 


your average monthly
            cost: $15 and up 


            companies selling these plans are regulated by state insurance
            departments.









              learning about dental ppo's


 preferred provider
      organizations
another true
      dental
      insurance plan, a preferred provider organizations ( ppo) falls somewhere
      between an indemnity plan and a dental hmo. this plan allows a particular
      group of patients to receive dental care from a defined panel of
      individual dental insurance dentists.
      this type could be used to provide dental gap insurance.
the
      participating individual or family office agrees to charge less than usual fees to this
      specific patient base, providing savings for the plan purchaser. if the
      patient chooses to see one who is not designated as a "preferred
      provider," that patient may be required to pay a greater share of the
      fee-for-service.   
a group of
      individual or family dentistry providers agrees to provide services at a deeply discounted rate, giving
      you substantial savings — as long as you stay in their network. unlike the
      more restrictive dhmo, though, you can go out of network and still receive
      some benefits. some typical features of these plans:



monthly premiums 


annual dollar cap 


you must stay within the
          approved network of individual or family dentists or pay higher deductibles and co-payments 


your average monthly cost:
          $20-25 

dental companies
          selling these plans are regulated by state insurance departments.


this site has up-to-date
          information on individual and family dental, offices, companies,
          dentists, and coverage for babies, children, kids, teenagers, young
          adults, adults, retirees and more. find the right dental insurance for
          you by entering your zip code.

family dental insurance plan is a very great way to cover your family,
          at reduced costs.  if we are unable to offer a dental insurance plan,
          we will provide a dental discount plan, if available, and clearly
          state it.  a dental insurance policy may help considerably with the
          costs, often paying 100% of the expense of preventive
          benefits.  
with individual dental insurance plans
          for you and your family, we can help make it easier to keep your smile
          healthy.  our individual dental insurance plans provide you with
          the coverage you need to promote good dental health.  
we feature a wide variety of dental
          insurance plans.  some dental plans are administered by delta
          dental insurance company, part of the nation’s oldest and largest
          dental benefits system.  












 
dental
                      insurance - how dental benefits help you






                  family dental insurance







                  delta dental insurance plan agent - get dental help
 





 
 
 

                  best dental insurance plans


 

 


                  aetna dental insurance access plans


 



 



                  find the lowest priced dental insurance
 



                  student dental insurance - buy now and save
 



  
  


understanding
                  a dental health insurance plan
 



 


                  tooth ache home remedies and dental insurance
 



                  does dental insurance cover teeth sealants



                  dentures - defraying the cost with dental insurance 

 


                  dental health - dental insurance benefits
 


                  teeth whitening - does dental insurance pay
 


                  what is cosmetic dental insurance
 


                  teeth cleaning - helps reduce insurance premiums.



 
dental
                      insurance - important dental care information


 


                  wisdom teeth

 






                  tooth decay





 
 



                  making informed choices

 
choosing an individual or family dental plan that is
                  accepted by the dental office
 dental benefits plans can be categorized by the options
                  offered for selecting one. some plans allow you the
                  freedom to choose your own...

      direct reimbursement plans
a dental
      insurance care
      plan now coming into vogue is the direct reimbursement plan. this is a
      self-funded benefit plan — not insurance — in which an employer pays for
      dental care with its own funds, rather than paying premiums to an
      insurance company or third-party administrator.  
you, the patient, pay the
      full amount directly to the individual or family dentist who accepts
      dental insurance, then get a receipt detailing services
      rendered and the cost, which you show to your employer. the employer
      reimburses you for part or all of the dental insurance costs, depending on your
      specific benefits.

      your company might reimburse 100 percent of your first $100 of dental
      expenses and then 80 percent of the next $500, and 50 percent of the next
      $2,000, with a total annual maximum benefit of $1,500. or it might
      reimburse only 50 percent of your first $1,000, resulting in a $500 yearly
      cap.
      some typical features of a direct reimbursement plan:


        some typical features of a direct reimbursement plan: 





neither you nor your
          employer pay monthly premiums 


freedom to choose any
          individual or family dental office 


typical employer cost:
          depends on the number of employees and 


benefit caps 

benefits
          usually capped at $500 to $2,000 annually.






 




individual dental insurance - plans and
      benefits
it is our pledge to provide individuals
          and families with the easiest way to compare and purchase affordable,
          quality family and individual dental insurance and discount
          protection.  how individual dental insurance works - dental
          insurance works similar to how health insurance works. 
          individual or family members
          participating in a network agree to perform services for patients at
          pre-negotiated rates and usually will submit the claim to the dental
          insurance company for you.  
our individual discount dental plans
          may be used along with
          existing dental insurance plans for even more savings on most dental
          care procedures. individual discount dental plans are dental insurance
          options that offer attractive dental care savings.  most
          people that have an individual or family dental insurance plan have it
          provided to them under an employer-sponsored group dental insurance
          plan.  
other people may have an individual
          health insurance plan in which dental insurance is a supplemental
          option available to them through the same insurance company. 
          regardless of the type of individual dental insurance you have, you
          should consider the different individual health insurance options
          available to you as either an affordable replacement to your current
          plan or a supplement for additional coverage.  
when shopping for individual, family or
          group dental insurance quotes, always review the dental plan coverage
          description thoroughly for any variations in coverage levels. 
          compare dental insurance plans and decide which one is right for you
          and your family.  we offer individual dental insurance benefit
          coverage in all 50 states.  student dental insurance is one of
          the most affordable insurance plans available.  

for your individual dental health,
          you need to take care of two things -- your daily dental teeth care: a
          well planned dental insurance plan.  we will provide you with
          that information, what are the most affordable dental insurance plans
          around, making terms such as insurance quotes, direct reimbursement,
          family discount options, financial availability and premium capitation
          a breeze.  there is a difference between traditional dental
          insurance plans and discount plans. 
dental insurance individual plan
          types: similar to medical insurance plans, dental insurance plans
          are often categorized as either indemnity or managed-care plans. 
          dental insurance functions in the similar manner to that of an auto
          insurance in providing you compensation.  dental insurance plan
          choices - indemnity plan: an indemnity dental insurance plan allows
          you to select your own individual or family dental dentist.  
individual dental insurance plans
          differ in the level of reimbursement offered for certain procedures
          and in annual dental spending caps.  dental insurance plans and
          programs dental health is extremely important for individuals and
          families and it’s financially helpful to have some form of dental
          coverage to minimize the costs of dental care.  
popular individual dental insurance
          companies - aetna, delta dental sell these plans.  root
          canals can cost a fortune and dental insurance can help reduce how
          much you pay.  understanding the various types of individual and
          family dental insurance and dental discount plans is important when
          trying to buy the right plan.  
we sell both individual and family
          dental insurance and dental discount plans throughout all 50 states. 
          this plan has several advantages over traditional dental insurance
          plans, namely, there are no exclusions for pre-existing conditions. indemnity, ppo, discount, dhmo, private full coverage quotes from
            top rated dental companies such as aetna, cigna, delta dental,
            careington, multiflex, nationwide,  standard life, blue cross,
            blue shield, united concordia, humana, are among the best in
            america.
 


















dental insurance disclosure
the dental insurance programs listed are
          based upon the zip code you entered and their availability. if we are
          unable to offer a dental insurance plan, we will provide a dental
          discount plan, if available, and clearly state it. please be sure to
          contact the plan dental office to confirm they are accepting new
          patients and they are accepting the dental plan you have selected. if
          you have any dental plan questions please feel free to
          


        contact our office during
        regular business hours. you will find our licensed insurance agents ready to
        assist you. 



our dental web site is very clear if you are
        selecting a dental insurance plan or a dental discount plan. we
        understand that there are many dental plan web sites popping-up all over
        the internet, claiming to offer "dental insurance" when in fact they do
        not and are not licensed to offer a dental insurance plan. if you find a
        site that says they offer dental insurance, they are "required" to show
        their insurance license information on the web site, as noted at the
        bottom of this page. 

if they don't, then report them to your
        local state department of insurance. if you find a dental web site
        stating they offer "dental insurance" and in fact they don't, then take
        the opportunity to report that site to the search engine you found them
        on. our
          entire staff is licensed to offer, sell and service dental insurance.
          always ask to speak with a licensed insurance agent. ask them if they
          are licensed. full disclosure is our guarantee...
  




members can save on all
dental charges and procedures including dental restorative cosmetic work
(fillings, dental crowns, dental braces, dental implant's) and dental product
related items, etc.), dental hygiene services, preventative work (teeth cleaning, x-rays,
etc).  general dentistry, dental hygienist, dental assistant, dental
assisting and all specialties where available are
covered. 

dental
insurance, dental discount plans, vision & prescription coverage


thank
you for choosing insurancecompany.com®
 we
look forward to serving you and your family... 

insurancecompany.com
is a registered trademark
 copyright 1997-2018. del amo. all rights reserved.



















this is not an attempt to
      describe the product coverage and its' contents but merely used as a sales
      tool for the purpose of product illustration. the website and its' owners
      cannot make recommendations as to whether any illustrated product may meet
      the users' particular needs. therefore, the suitability of the product is
      the final determination of the user of this website. the use of this
      website is acceptance of the sites' 

privacy statement. coverage is not in
      effect until an application is signed, transmitted, payment received and
      approved by the underwriting company unless otherwise specifically stated.
      a physical and/or background inspection may be done to verify the
      information provided. the quote(s) will be based up on the underwriting
      information you supplied and the quote(s) is/are subject to change upon
      inspection and review by the underwriting company. the underwriting
      company reserves the right to determine the final coverage, premium and
      acceptability  if you have any questions regarding the information
      collected, please 

contact the agency. all quotes are
      provided by del amo insurance services, inc,. dba:  

inscomp insurance services and/or one of
      it's affiliated agents, brokers, agencies, brokerages, and/or companies  lic: 0b93601  . commercial use by
      others is prohibited by law. no portion of any news or information from
      this website may be photocopied, faxed, mailed, distributed, transmitted,
      published, broadcasted, duplicated, or re-distributed in any manner for
      any purpose without prior written authorization of its' owner.
agents wanted to sell dental insurance.
      available in all 50 states - 

click here. 
      




      d&b verified








site map



contact



privacy
          statement



insurance
          articles



insurance
          license



find a local
          dental office






















2020-07-02t10:08:25+00:00 

