






rjm licensing














































rjm licensing



about rjm


the rainbow fish


our brands



michael miller designs
best selling
halloween
valentine's day and mother's day
christmas
easter
wine
baby prints 1


faqs


contact















about rjm/
the rainbow fish/
our brands/
michael miller designs/best sellinghalloweenvalentine's day and mother's daychristmaseasterwinebaby prints 1
faqs/
contact/





































quality brands, personalized service











about rjm/
the rainbow fish/
our brands/
michael miller designs/best sellinghalloweenvalentine's day and mother's daychristmaseasterwinebaby prints 1
faqs/
contact/































quality brands, personalized representation.your brand is your reputation. you want it handled with care and thought.  at rjm, we don't take a cookie cutter approach to handling your intellectual property; we treat each licensing program and each owner individually.  we find the right manufacturers for your product and work with them to ensure quality products and targeted distribution leads to new revenue streams.  our boutique agency offers complete licensing and marketing services for clients who appreciate a highly personalized approach.  







featured brands















in 2015, we welcomed a host of new properties to the rjm family.   explore what is new and call us to see how your company can be a part of these exciting brands.  



perennial favorites















from landscape artists to world renowned calendar creators, copyright holders trust rjm with their brand's care and feeding over the long term.     



new to licensing? 















 is it time to extend your brand?  is licensing right for you? don't know how to start?  click here for our "should i license?" check list and to schedule your free consultation.  whether it is the right time or not, rjm can help guide your decision with honest and experienced advice.  







 


 






















                                  rjm licensing, llc                         






















 



 



