


the public purpose (wendell cox consultancy)














twice a national journal top transport internet site







wendell cox consultancy
international public policy, demographics,
economics & transport





mission

to facilitate the ideal of government as the servant of the people
      by identifying and implementing strategies to achieve public purposes
                   at a cost that is no higher than necessary.


guiding principle
what government does for one it should do for all;
what government does not do for allit should do for none.









  featured content










 
housing form in australia and its impact on greenhouse gas emissions

how smart growth exacerbated the int'l financial crisis: heritage foundation





new geographyblog

western europe work trip travel times less in suburbs (20060926)
the london congestion charge: hype and reality
houston: more roads less traffic congestion: texas transportation institute data
amtrak's problem: excessive costs not insufficient revenues
world urban areas: population, land area & density
international urban areas: transport & the environment: index

wendell cox public speaking brochure



lost opportunities

us transit value since 1970: $0.07 per new $1.00


this series of charts shows how transit expenditures have risen at an inflation adjusted rate 15 times that of the increase in ridership. this more than 60 percent
 loss in productivity is in contrast to the competitive bus and airline industries, where productivity has increased 22 percent and 91 percent respectively.

united states: by far the highest public transport costs

usa transit costs 3.5 times europe, 10 times asia

international data indicates that the cost per point of public transport market share in the united states is 3.5 times that of western europe and 10 times
that of high-income asia. subsidies are also highest in the united states, also at 3.5 times western europe. the largest systems in high-income asia are
generally not subsidized, either for capital or operations (tokyo-yokohama alone carries nearly double the number of passengers each year as all usa public transport
systems combined). it can be expected that the gap with europe will increase, as competitive incentives and funding decentralization are increasingly used the to reduce unit costs and
expand public service within existing budgets.

smart growth: delusion, not vision

wendell cox closing statement at railvolution conference
wendell cox and congressman earl blumenauer (d-oregon) debated smart growth and transit at the
annual railvolution conference in san francisco (2001). wendell cox's closing statement is reproduced here.



wendell cox teaches at cnam in paris
public transport in the us: international perspective
wendell cox (principal of the public purpose and demographia) served as a
visiting professor at the conservatoire national des arts et metiers (cnam) in paris in 2002 and 2003. this french national
university has approximately 80,000 students and grants degrees to the doctoral level. it is in the core of paris
(3rd arrondissement) at the arts and metiers metro station and was established in the former abbaye de st. martin-des-champs during the
french revolution. mr. cox presented seminars on u.s. and international 
urban planning, urbanization, public transport,  
intercity rail (including amtrak), freight transport and world urban areas in paris and le havre and conducted
research on french and european demographics and transport.

link to demographia web site
detailed international and us demographic and land use information

this web site contains the world's most comprehensive data on
large urban area population density as well as specialized data from the censuses of france, japan, italy, the united kingdom, canada, the united states
and other nations. the site also specializes in urban planning and land use, with data and analysis generally critical of so-called "smart growth."








exorbitant us costs

urban rail: less to lease cars for new riders





cheaper: jaguar xj8 for new seattle riders


us dept. of transportation data indicates that the costs
 per new rider of all but one of the more than 25 proposed
new us light rail and metro systems exceeds the cost of leasing a car in perpetuity. in some cases a luxury car (such as a
 bmw 740i or jaguar xj8) could be leased for less. in virtually all cases, an economy car could be leased. the demonstrates that
urban transport policy that requires such exhorbitant costs for new ridership is unsustainable except for a small elite.famous jaguar-light rail slide.




public transport shares dropping around the world

international public transport market share trends: more than 40 urban areas

an analysis of public transport market shares from 1980 in international urban areas shows a downward trend in most urban
 areas.



wendell cox u.s. senate testimony

smart growth: more congestion, air pollution & less home ownership
the u.s. senate committee on environment and public works invited demographia principal wendell cox
to testify on 15 may 2002. in his testimony, mr. cox reviewed the national and international evidence demonstrating that the higher densities smart growth
requires are associated with greater traffic congestion, more air pollution, higher consumer expenditures and lower levels of home ownership. this latter
impact occurs because smart growth rations land and development, which inevitably raises the price of housing. the impact falls most heavily on lower
income households, which are disproportionately minority. the testimony also reviewed the conditions under which public transit can be successful, and noted,
consistent with the analysis of the international union of public transport (the international equivalent of the us american public transportation association or apta)
 that transit has little impact in the united states. this is because so little transit is provided and it is so slow.


avoiding bankrupt western policies
keeping hong kong rail expansion on the right track
this hong kong apple daily op-ed makes the case for expanding hong kong's successful passenger rail
system. it is suggested that the key to future success is to maintain a system that does not require subsidy, so that customers remain the
passengers rather than the government funding agencies.



policy statement
urban rail: uses and misuses

the public purpose has consistently found urban rail to be an expensive and ineffective strategy for
reducing traffic congestion in automobile oriented urban areas, despite unsupportable claims by
promoters to the contrary. urban rail is quite appropriate in high density, highly centralized urban areas
such as tokyo-yokohama, osaka-kobe-kyoto, new york, london, paris and hong kong. the public purpose is not opposed to urban rail. the public
purpose is opposed to waste and deception.


where rail makes a difference
urban rail success stories
urban rail is an effective strategy for controlling traffic congestion
where residential population densities are very high and where there are extremely large and dense central
business districts. examples are tokyo, new york, london, paris and hong kong.


badge of honor

wendell cox placed on sprawlwatch list
wendell cox and others are highlighted as opponents of the anti-sprawl movement. cox stated that
placement on the list was a "badge of honor." but that sprawlwatch would have more correctly
characterized those on the list as "pro-choice" with respect to urban development --- that people
should be permitted to live and work where they like.
wendell cox oped in the washington times

a straitjacket on growth
new urbanist and so-called "smart growth" policies promise to slow economic growth where implemented and could


 limit  job creation and business expansion. limitations on new "big-box" retailers
is likely to limit job growth in construction trades and related industries. the telecommunications revolution and
 the expansion of regional jet service could erode the competitiveness of larger metropolitan areas, in
combination with new urbanist and so-called "smart growth" initiatives. smaller metropolitan areas are likely
to benefit, by welcoming the growth turned away by areas engaging in heavy-handed land use regulation, like portland, oregon.




wendell cox oped in atlanta constitution

portland not sprawl free: atlanta needs other policies
despite atlanta's reputation for severe traffic congestion and low densities, wendell cox shows that the
atlanta area scores generally better on measures of public transit use than portland,
which has gained an
international reputation for policies intended to increase transit ridership and urban density. his conclusion
is that portland's policies would not solve atlanta's traffic problems any more than they have portland's.


response to report by david rusk

keeping kalamazoo competitive: the husock report
this report by howard husock of the john f. kennedy school of government at harvard university and wendell cox
challenges the findings of the kalamazoo county compact by david rusk and recommends competition based
measures to
improve the competitiveness of kalamazoo.





refuting the 6-lane myth

average light rail line carries 1/5 freeway lane
proponents often claim that light rail is the equivalent of 6 freeway lanes. an analysis of actual us data on all new light rail
systems indicates that no system carries more than 1/3 of the volume of a single freeway lane. the impact on traffic congestion is
 even less, since on average fewer than 25 percent of light rail riders are former automobile drivers.

national journal citations

2001 honor

2003 honor

in 2001 and 2003 the national journal rated transport web sites in the united states. in both years, the public
purpose was honored, along with major association and government sites (such as the u.s. department of transportation, the american association of
state highway and transportation officials, smart growth america, the sierra club and the american public transit association).


amtrak reform council finding

amtrak performance derailed, norquist casts deciding vote
9 november 2001 the amtrak reform council (arc) today made its statutorily required finding that amtrak would not achieve
operating self-sufficiency by december 2002. the finding was passed by a 6-5 vote, with clinton appointee mayor john norquist of
milwaukee casting the deciding vote after the council had deadlocked at 5-5. under the amtrak reform and accountability act, arc must
submit a reorganization plan to the congress within 90 days and amtrak must submit a liquidation plan.

amtrak reform council finding

amtrak performance derailed, norquist casts deciding vote
9 november 2001 the amtrak reform council (arc) today made its statutorily required finding that amtrak would not achieve
operating self-sufficiency by december 2002. the finding was passed by a 6-5 vote, with clinton appointee mayor john norquist of
milwaukee casting the deciding vote after the council had deadlocked at 5-5. under the amtrak reform and accountability act, arc must
submit a reorganization plan to the congress within 90 days and amtrak must submit a liquidation plan.


railigion

light rail not justified: engineering news record
the public purpose principal, wendell cox, argues that new light rail systems are not justified in the united states because
they fail to achieve their principal public objective, reduction of traffic congestion. he suggests that the present trend toward
light rail results more from ideology (or theology) than a genuine interest in solving transport problems.

 



  quick index














demographia


urban tours by rental car


the public purpose

intenet 







order



new items

demographia
urban tours by rental car






the public purpose
new items
urban transport fact book
urban rail
highway & motorway fact book
intercity transport fact book
urban tours by rental car
public transport: international
public transport; usa
urban rail
the public purpose commentary
travel advisories
demographia website







intl public transport
transport & environment index
urban area market share trends
journey to work travel times
demographia website







usa public transport
urban rail
2001 metro market share
costs by metro area
1990-2000 trends by metro
work trip share: 1960-2000
public transport: international
public transport; usa
the public purpose commentary
demographia website








usa metropolitan areas
atlanta
austin
baltimore (washington)
boston
buffalo
charlotte
chicago
cincinnati
cleveland
dallas-fort worth
denver
detroit
cincinnati
houston
indianapolis
kansas city
las vegas
los angeles-riverside
louisville
miami
milwaukee
minneapolis-st. paul
new york
norfolk (virginia beach)
orlando
philadelphia
phoenix
portland
sacramento
salt lake city
san antonio
san diego
san francisco-san jose-oakland
seattle
st. louis
virginia beach
washington-baltimore
demographia website








world urban areas
auckland
london and southeast england
montreal
nagoya
osaka-kobe-kyoto
ottawa
paris
sydney
tokyo-yokohama
toronto
demographia website








popular items
us journey to work
us downtown data 
us transit share history 
lexus lines (light rail)

c:\files\webpage\the public purpose\ut-usptshare45.htm

demographia website









  navigation & information



website map (1-stop index)
contact us by e-mail


demographia website


wendell cox biographical sketch


wendell cox resume


wendell cox photograph


  bookstore





recommended books


  free e-mail subscriptions



 periodic e-mail updates


transport policy discussion group



  transport series




transport fact book

   


urban transport fact book

       

urban rail index


       

international public transport



       

competitive tendering


       

competitive contracting



       

london public transport



       

los angeles public transport
       

lactc archives


   



highway & motorway fact book

   



intercity transport fact book

       



high speed rail


       



amtrak


   




travel advisories

   





school transport fact book

   



opposing light rail in seattle
lactc archives


  demographic series




demographic briefs


demographia web site


  public policy series




the public purpose

government cost review

labor market reporter

gov't employment fact book

urban policy

realities

competitive
tendering
website


competitive
contracting
website

library


  public transport data



london transport from 1950


uk public transport from 1950


europe,
japan & us
travel


europe & us market shares


world per capita ridership



us metropolitan areas


us competitive
tendering survey


rail ridership
by world city


us work trip
market share



us public transport
& auto safety


  labor data



us trade union market share


gov't & private compensation: us


  public transport reports




international public transport competition
new light rail in america

commuter rail in america

atlanta

austin: capital metro

austin-san antonio commuter rail proposal
charlotte

chicago transit authority

dallas: dart

houston: metro

los angeles

san antonio: via

texas statewide analysis


  commentary




the public purpose

what is the public purpose?
policy points


  population





demographia web site



  thredbo conference


int'l
conference on competition &

ownership in
public
transport


  website information



contents & guide



media information


public speaking


pre-internet publications

corrections & rights















the public purpose: twice honored as a top transport internet site by the national journal

 navigation & publication series


navigation & publication series



 web site information






contact us





subscribe (free)




corrections policy & rights





the public purpose     wendell cox consultancy    
demographia
p. o. box 841 - belleville, il  62269  usa
telephone: +1.618.632.8507 -
facsimile: available by email


to facilitate the ideal of government as the servant of the people
      by identifying and implementing strategies to achieve public purposes
                   at a cost that is no higher than necessary.





(c) 1995-2004 www.publicpurpose.com --- wendell cox consultancy --- permission granted to use with attribution.








