












player piano parts, supplies, and technical information 






























home

manuals

supplies

search

consult

contact

testing

service



we only ship to us addresses

listings of pages related to:




players -- parts -- supplies






restoration - repair - care






technical articles and info.






technicians - general info.






music rolls & related info.






contact - search - 4-free





player-care: dedicated to the player piano and to fulfilling the needs of every player piano and reproducing piano owner. we stock specialized parts for various makes of player pianos and various rebuilding supplies. we list over 190 player piano rebuilders/technicians in the u.s. and abroad who service and rebuild player pianos. we provide a listing of over 1100 player piano manufacturers, music roll makers, parts makers, organizations, businesses, links, other suppliers, and offer hundreds of free technical articles about testing, servicing, repairing, and rebuilding your player piano.
player-care survives by selling reference materials, parts and supplies, and technical advice. for a fee, we will help you find missing or broken parts that you can't find anywhere else. can't find what you're looking for? use the search feature.



listing of parts and supplies
        
listing of technical materials






my videos
like us
visit us
review us





player and reproducing piano test rolls - click here.

technical/training cds and dvds - click here.

used player piano parts - click here.









: we continue to expand our inventory of parts and supplies, and we will continue to grow as we find people to make more new parts. if you know of a relatively common part that we don't stock, please bring it to our attention -click here. "keep the music rolling". 





.

weekly bible verses (kjv) "willful sinning insures vengeance"


heb:10:26: for if we sin wilfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth, there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins,
heb:10:27: but a certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation, which shall devour the adversaries.
heb:10:28: he that despised moses' law died without mercy under two or three witnesses:
heb:10:29: of how much sorer punishment, suppose ye, shall he be thought worthy, who hath trodden under foot the son of god, and hath counted the blood of the covenant, wherewith he was sanctified, an unholy thing, and hath done despite unto the spirit of grace?
heb:10:30: for we know him that hath said, vengeance belongeth unto me, i will recompense, saith the lord. and again, the lord shall judge his people.
heb:10:31: it is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living god.





"what i believe is true" (the basics)















these cards gladly accepted




send us your feedback about this page.














since "player-care" is an internet business, i prefer that we correspond via e-mail (click here to fill out the 'request form'). however, if i'm not in the middle of some other activity, you can reach me at 732-840-8787. but please understand that during the hours from 8am-5pm est (mon-sat), i'm generally quite busy. so, i probably won't answer the phone. if you get the answering machine, please leave a detailed message stating the reason for your call. also, repeat your name and phone number clearly and distinctly. by necessity, i prioritize everything in my life. and, if you call and just leave your name and number, and ask me to call you back, it might be a day or two before i return your call. why? because i don't know why you want me to call and i might not be prepared to assist you in an effective and efficient manner. if you leave me an e-mail address (which i prefer), spell it out phonetically. the more you do to help me, the more i can help you in return. don't rush. you have four minutes to record your message.












407 19th ave, brick, nj, 08724
phone number 732-840-8787










google adsense ad










