



bethlehem ucc




























































home

about us


our identity


our worship


our staff


our story


our groups & ministries


our church governance



events

watch

ministries


education


fellowship


member care


music


outreach


youth & young adult



rentals

giving

cemetery


locate-a-grave


 


text...












you are welcome here.





celebrating 190 years of community and fellowship



















sunday services are at 10am in person and online





















worship services are also live-streamed on our youtube channel sundays at 10am.to make a donation to support our broadcast ministry, please click here






weekly bulletin




weekly refrigerator page


visitor newsletter












































"whoever is generous to the poor lends to the lord, and god will repay them for their deed.” proverbs 19:17your generosity changes lives












bethlehem giving









 



our core values







1growing spiritually in our faith journey together




2worshipping together to seek and share god's love




3connecting with god and each other in a supportive, nurturing way




4reaching out to our members, community, country, and the world through support and service






we have many opportunities for you to contribute to our sunday worship.  from volunteering as a liturgist, providing flowers for the sanctuary, sponsoring our live broadcast, or adopting a coffee hour, all of these enhance our worship experience. please click on one of the links below to sign up as a liturgist, provide sanctuary flowers, sponsor a broadcast, or adopt-a-coffee hour.  your gifts of time, talent, and treasure are sincerely appreciated.







liturgist sign up


sanctuary flowers


broadcast sponsorship

adopt-a-coffee hour



















contact us



    423 south 4th ave      ann arbor, mi 48104    (734) 665-6149   info@bethlehem-ucc.org    office hours:       monday - closed     tu, w, th, f    9:00 am-2:00 pm*     *medical loan closet - call in      advance








our mission



our mission at bethlehem is to worship god, to learn and live the word of god, to engage in christian fellowship and service, and to invite others to join us on our faith journey in the ministry of jesus christ.



whoever you are and wherever you are on life's journey, you are welcome here.


























donate






© bethlehem united church of christ. all rights reserved.
















