



jaeson's journal















































subscribe to the blog
email:  
rss: 


what i'm doing...

follow me on twitter





the blueprint
					a revolutionary plan to plant missional communities on campus by jaeson ma




order your copy

					join the facebook group!


namesake

get the flash player to see this player.

					
					you can find the "heart back ep" on myspace and  
					on itunes!


top posts

» pray for edison chen
» ucla is shaking
» transformation of my heart
» becoming a man of significance, part i
» becoming a man of significance, part ii
» becoming a man of significance, part iii
» becoming a man of significance, part iii



recent posts

» macklemore & ryan lewis - can't hold us (live on k...
» love me god - jaeson ma
» blessed to be a blessing - pray for the homeless
» life is beautiful
» a christmas prayer
» urban archangel
» change
» finding our center
» brotha from anotha motha
» on the set



archives
april 2003, 
				    
				       may 2003, 
				    
				       june 2003, 
				    
				       july 2003, 
				    
				       august 2003, 
				    
				       september 2003, 
				    
				       october 2003, 
				    
				       november 2003, 
				    
				       december 2003, 
				    
				       january 2004, 
				    
				       february 2004, 
				    
				       march 2004, 
				    
				       april 2004, 
				    
				       may 2004, 
				    
				       june 2004, 
				    
				       july 2004, 
				    
				       august 2004, 
				    
				       october 2004, 
				    
				       november 2004, 
				    
				       december 2004, 
				    
				       january 2005, 
				    
				       february 2005, 
				    
				       march 2005, 
				    
				       april 2005, 
				    
				       may 2005, 
				    
				       june 2005, 
				    
				       july 2005, 
				    
				       august 2005, 
				    
				       september 2005, 
				    
				       october 2005, 
				    
				       november 2005, 
				    
				       december 2005, 
				    
				       january 2006, 
				    
				       february 2006, 
				    
				       march 2006, 
				    
				       april 2006, 
				    
				       may 2006, 
				    
				       june 2006, 
				    
				       july 2006, 
				    
				       august 2006, 
				    
				       september 2006, 
				    
				       october 2006, 
				    
				       november 2006, 
				    
				       december 2006, 
				    
				       january 2007, 
				    
				       february 2007, 
				    
				       march 2007, 
				    
				       april 2007, 
				    
				       may 2007, 
				    
				       june 2007, 
				    
				       july 2007, 
				    
				       august 2007, 
				    
				       september 2007, 
				    
				       october 2007, 
				    
				       november 2007, 
				    
				       december 2007, 
				    
				       january 2008, 
				    
				       february 2008, 
				    
				       march 2008, 
				    
				       april 2008, 
				    
				       may 2008, 
				    
				       june 2008, 
				    
				       july 2008, 
				    
				       august 2008, 
				    
				       september 2008, 
				    
				       october 2008, 
				    
				       november 2008, 
				    
				       december 2008, 
				    
				       february 2013, 
				    
				       april 2013, 
				    
					

links

» campus church networks
» campus transformation network
» church multiplication associates
» passion church ucla
» passion church sd
» 24-7 prayer
» simple church
» marc's messages
» joel news
» justice house of prayer
» bound4life
» one thing
» global day of prayer
» new leaf clothing
» jesus branded
» elijah list
» andrew jones blog
» strike la/rhop
» 40 days of college revival prayer
» lark news
» becky hill blog
» david watson cpm blog






tuesday, april 23, 2013





									macklemore & ryan lewis - can't hold us (live on kexp)
								




									posted by jaeson ma @ 
									4/23/2013 01:54:00 am

0 comments | 
									
									
								 
							







wednesday, february 20, 2013





									love me god - jaeson ma
								




									posted by jaeson ma @ 
									2/20/2013 11:01:00 am

0 comments | 
									
									
								 
							







tuesday, december 30, 2008





									blessed to be a blessing - pray for the homeless
								

this past weekend after christmas, i went with my sister to west oakland to pass out food, clothes and prayers to the homeless. we went to wal-mart the day before and bought a bunch of warm sleeping bags, got warm clothes from goodwill and loaded up our car to do what we could the next morning. when i got out to the streets, my heart was shocked and broken at the same time. people were lined up waiting for us to give them any kind of help they could get.as i opened up my bag full of clothes the homeless swarmed quickly to take what was best for themselves. all the clothes disappeared in a matter of minutes. i was sad, because i wish i had more clothes to give but i only had so much.i met a grandmother “franky” who had 7 grandchildren to take care of. zara and kimothy were precious young girls whom i met. one wanted to be a doctor, the other wanted to be a dancer and i only prayed in my heart that they would be given the opportunity to pursue their god given dreams. every child deserves a chance in this life, no matter what their parents did, no matter what un-fair circumstances they are given, we must do what we can to give every child a reason and purpose to live out their destinies. they are all precious in god’s sight.we also met beautiful athena. she was such a sweet heart. on christmas day, our friend lee who has been going every saturday out to west oakland to feed and clothe the homeless - heard god’s voice to go out there on christmas morning. he didn’t know if anyone would be out there, but he went anyways with hot cooked meals. when he got to the streets it was pouring rain, no one was around, except athena who was standing on the corner shivering w/ hypothermia. he got out the car, embraced her and got her to a warm shelter. she had been mugged the other night and everything she had (food, sleeping bag, clothes, etc) were stolen. yet, god knew her needs and sent a good samaritan “lee” to help her that christmas day. we were able to buy her new clothes, a new sturdy sleeping bag and other necessities. she said, “you are angels!” i responded, “no, you are the angel!” she truly blessed my heart. even what we gave to her, she immediately shared it with others on the street who needed what she had, even though it was a sacrifice for her. god bless athena. her son was murdered just last year on the streets. we must care for the orphans and the widows, this is true and undefiled religion. pray for athena, she will rise up again one day, i have faith for her!cool whip miracleafter hanging out with the homeless for the afternoon, we all prayed and went to eat lunch at a local mexican joint. it was good food and fellowship. lee the leader of this homeless ministry in oakland told us one of the many miracle stories from ministering to the homeless. he said, “this past thanksgiving we fed over 400 homeless a full thanksgiving meal. i heard papa say, “only the best for my children!” so, we bought over 25 big turkeys, cooked up mash potatoes, stuffing, cranberry sauce and we had 25 pumpkin pies. but on the way to the park, i heard papa tell me, “go back and buy whip cream for them!” i told papa, “i’m not going back to the super market i’m already on my way, the best i can do is buy what they have at 7-11 it’s on the way!” so at 7-11 lee bought only 4 cans of “cool whip” thinking others might bring some more. when he got to the park, no one else had brought cool whip but him. they only had 4 cans of cool whip for 25 pies. lee told the volunteers, “once the 4 cans of cool whip are used, that’s it, no one gets anymore!” after 4 pies, 3 cans were already used up. but for some miraculous reason, the 4th can of “cool whip” never stopped giving whip cream! he told us, “everyone was shocked, we just kept scooping from this one can of cool whip the same normal scoops and every time we looked in the can there was more cool whip!” he said, the 13 year old who was scooping from the can shouted to her mother, “mom, i just read how jesus fed the 5,000with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish, but now i see it with my own eyes!” wow! i could only praise god when i heard this miracle story, not only because it was an amazing miracle, but because even our papa in heaven cares that every one of his children gets cool whip on their pumpkin pie for thanksgiving!we all need to count our blessings. we all need to remember that we are blessed to be a blessing. let us give to others in need, help those who can’t help themselves or those who need encouragement to get back on their two feet. let us be jesus hands and feet to a world that needs to know the love of god for real.the blind see, the lame walk… the wretched of the earth learn that god is on their side. — matthew 11:5


									posted by jaeson ma @ 
									12/30/2008 12:42:00 am

0 comments | 
									
									
								 
							







friday, december 26, 2008





									life is beautiful
								

"the message of jesus christ is a message of hope, a message of mercy, a message of life in a dark world." two years ago, i wrote a song called "life is beautiful" on my first album. i was listening to this song again this morning, and i was reminded of how life is not perfect, but life is definitely worth living. many of us go through hard times, struggles and suffering. many of us have had hopes that were shattered, dreams that never became a reality, and situations in life that never turned out the way we expected. maybe our health failed, our relationships were broken, our finances tanked, our dreams slipped away, or we were wronged unfairly. whatever the case, life never seems to turn out the way we think, but life can still be beautiful. my personal 9-117 years ago, i had what i call a "personal 9-11" where everything in my life that seemed to be going great, went wrong. i was 20 years old at the time and soaring with god as a new christ-follower. i had it all. at the age of 20 i had a successful tv and radio ministry, a great job at a silicon valley media/tech company, i was the top student at my christian university, everyone at my local church loved me and i had my first girlfriend ~ the love of my life. it was sweet to be a jesus lover at that moment, but i soon realized that i loved these other things more than jesus himself. one day, something went wrong on our tv shoot and i lost my cool. i started getting angry at our production team and threw a fit. i caught myself in the midst of my anger tantrum and recognized i had gotten out of hand. the next day, i spent time praying in a church chapel and i heard god speak to me. he said, "jaeson, what truly makes your life beautiful? is it the blessings in your life or is it me? i realized at that moment that many other things in my life satisfied my heart more than jesus christ himself. when my circumstances were going great, i felt great. but if my circumstances around me went wrong, i would lose my peace. i was convicted by the spirit that my hope was not in god, but it was in the things of this world. that day i prayed a very dangerous prayer...i prayed, "jesus be my only satisfaction." i knew by praying this prayer, that i was going to give god complete access to strip away anything in my heart that satisfied me more than him. it was a scary prayer, but i knew i had to do it. god answered this prayer immediately...the next day was my 21st birthday and that night my girlfriend, the very love of my life, broke up with me with no explanation. my heart was crushed and i had no answers. the day after my birthday i had all my semester finals tests at the university, i nearly failed them all. i then got a phone call during the same week that the media company i was working at had to lay me off. i was devastated because i looked up to the ceo so much, i felt he had also failed me. a few days later i discover that my elders at the local church who used to praise me so much, were questioning my motives with the new tv and radio ministry i had started. it seemed everyone had turned against me. to make things worst, when i got home i found out from my mom that there were violent threats made towards my family because of my father's past mistakes. the world had fallen apart all around me in a span of two weeks. i was devastated, depressed and without hope. for the next year, i was completely depressed, angry at god and deeply hurting inside. i couldn't understand why things had happened the way they did. i would throw a pity party everyday, complaining towards god (mainly about my ex-girlfriend) about how my life was so horrible. i wanted god to take me away to heaven. then something tragic happened that i couldn't explain. one of my best friends, she was like a little sister to me, suddenly died in a car accident. hanh was one of the most beautiful, hopeful, bright and optimistic 19 year olds you would ever meet. the night before she died, we talked briefly at a hospital. she said, "jaeson so where have you been? are you too busy to hang out with your little sister?" i told her, "i'm sorry, i've been out of it lately but we should definitely get together soon." she joked and said, "sure, yeah right" knowing how self absorbed and busy i was. the next day she got in a freak car accident and died on impact. i was so shocked when i heard the news, i wouldn't believe it. i went with some friends to pray over her dead body, asking god to raise it back to life for 3 straight days. it didn't happen. i felt so guilty for not being a better brother to her, because i was so self absorbed with my own problems. the night after her funeral, i had dream. in this dream, i was in front of the pearly gates of heaven. as the gates opened, hanh was there to greet me. when i saw her i was so ashamed. i couldn't even look her in the face. all i could say was sorry for being a horrible friend. she looked back at me and said, "jaeson, i've already forgiven you, just remember what is really important in your life. it's not the things of this world, but its your relationships. don't worry about me, i'm doing fine, just look at heaven behind me!" she then waived her hand and i saw all of heaven filled with green hills, rainbows, bright shining sun rays and little animals running around freely everywhere. hanh hopped, skipped and jumped into god's radiant love and i knew in my heart she was happy and going to be okay. when i woke up, i knew i had a second chance to live my life in a different way. interestingly, that next weekend i had an interview with a rock band called "switchfoot" for our tv show. the band had just released their first cross over secular album called "the beautiful letdown". when i interviewed the lead singer jon foreman i asked him a simple question, "jon, why did you guys title this new album the beautiful letdown?" he responded, "jaeson, that is a good question. you see, everything in this life can let you down. right now, the chair i am sitting in could break and fail me. in a few minutes i can go up and sing on that stage to thousands of people, but when i get off the stage my health could fail and i could lose my voice forever and never be able to sing again. i have a beautiful wife, but i could go home and find out she has been unfaithful. you see, everything in this life can fail you. everything in this life is finite, meaning it doesn't last, but only one thing is truly infinite and will last forever. yes, everything in this life can and will let you down, but the beautiful thing about it is this, when everything lets you down in this world it leads you to the one thing that is truly beautiful..... the unfailing love of jesus christ." god was speaking to my heart. the next day, i went back to the chapel where i prayed, i wept and i repented before god for my selfishness. at that moment, as i was weeping before the lord and starring at the cross i heard the holy spirit say to me, "jaeson, everything that you have suffered, i have suffered and a million times over. my love for you is true and it will never leave you. be satisfied in my love."peace came back into my heart. i finally understood what it meant to make jesus my only satisfaction. i finally understood what makes life truly beautiful. it's not what we achieve, what we have, who we know, or whether or not our dreams are fulfilled that makes this life beautiful. rather, life is beautiful because god is beautiful. his love is unfailing and his love is the only thing that we can count on. when all else fails, his love is still there. what really matters, is that we have a "relationship with our creator" and the love he gives to us, we are to cherish and give to others. our success is not in what we achieve in this life, our success is in knowing jesus christ our lord and savior. i love him, he loves me, i am successful! hard times will come. struggles will always be there. life will never be perfect. but god's loves will always be faithful. if we want to live a life that is truly beautiful remember the following...1. the love of people often increases with performance and decreases with mistakes. not so with god's love - don't put your trust in the world's happiness, but put your hope in god's love. he loves us no matter what we do right or what we do wrong. 2. god loves you with an unearthly love. you can't win it by being winsome. you can't lose it by being a loser - we often think that god will loves us more if we do more for him. this is not the case, god loves us not because we are perfect, he loves us because we are his children. whether or not things are going great, or whether you feel like all is lost, know that god's love for you will never change. 3. god can turn tragedy into a triumph, if only you will wait and watch - we don't understand why things happen the way they do, but we can put our hope in god that he can make all things beautiful. even what the enemy intends for our evil, god can turn for our good. 4. love god for god. life is not perfect, but life is worth living - we are promised nothing in this world. the things of this world are passing away, but the love of christ last forever. put your hope in god and god alone. love god not for what he can do for you, but love god simply because he is worthy of our affection. when jesus becomes our only satisfaction, nothing else matters. we can't fail in this life, because his love is unfailing. yet, when we know his unfailing love, it makes everything else in this life, good or bad that much more beautiful and meaningful. 5. does your self-esteem ever sag? when it does, remember what you are worth - max lucadoyou were bought, not with something that ruins like gold or silver, but with the precious blood of christ, who was like a pure and perfect lamb. 1 peter 1:18-19click on this link life is beautiful to download the song...


									posted by jaeson ma @ 
									12/26/2008 01:16:00 pm

6 comments | 
									
									
								 
							







wednesday, december 24, 2008





									a christmas prayer
								

23"the virgin will be with child and will give birth to a son, and they will call him immanuel"—which means, "god with us." matthew 1:23 - he was born to die, so we can live.loving father, help us remember the birth of jesus,that we may share in the song of the angels,the gladness of the shepherds and the wisdom of the wise men.close the door of hate and open the door of love all over the world.let kindness come with every gift and good desires with every greeting.deliver us from evil by the blessing which christ brings,and teach us to be merry with clean hearts.may the christmas morning make us happy to be thy childrenand the christmas evening bring us to our beds withgrateful thoughts, forgiving and forgiven, for jesus' sake. amen


									posted by jaeson ma @ 
									12/24/2008 01:06:00 pm

3 comments | 
									
									
								 
							







 







