







winagamie golf course - neenah, wi












































 3501 winnegamie drive, neenah, wi 54956 | reservations: 920.757.5453|  










about us
missioncourse infotour our courseslessonsaudubon sanctuarytribute bench programnewsemail clubcontact usemploymentmembershipratesfood & spiritsevents
outings & eventsclub calendarjunior programstore
online storebook a tee time 


























                            experience golf
                            
                        
thank you for a great 2024 season!






experience golf
 


 











membership

winagamie offers golfers more variety than any other course.







food & spirits

the fringe is the ideal place to start or finish your round of golf, grab a quick lunch, or enjoy a dinner out with friends and family.







lessons

beginner, intermediate or accomplished golfer, you will find our instruction is designed to assist you with achieving your greatest potential.







outings

the fringe food & spirits is a great place for golf outings, showers, parties or your next bridge club meeting.














welcome to winagamie golf course






winagamie golf course is ideally situated on the west side of wisconsin’s beautiful fox river valley. it features sweeping, magnificent views in all directions. there are few homes and no highways bordering the course. you are truly engulfed in nature.
our 27-hole facility is unique to the fox valley. with the pines, woodlands, and highlands courses, winagamie offers golfers more variety than any other course.
the pines course, est. 1962, is a traditional course scattered with hundreds of mature evergreens with rolling terrain.
the woodlands course is a pga tour designed course with many holes cut through the woods. the course, which opened in 2001, features wild flowers, wetlands, huge undulating greens, and numerous bunkers.
the highlands is a course designed for families. everyone loves this course: beginners, juniors and seniors.










course status
book a tee time today
tee times are available! book online today by clicking here.
upcoming events



17mar

saint patricks daymore info mon, mar. 17  |   all day





31oct

halloweenmore info fri, oct. 31  |   all day





25dec

christmasmore info thu, dec. 25  |   all day





31dec

new year's daymore info wed, dec. 31  |   08:00 am 




view full calendar
receive exclusive deals
join our mailing list and​ be the first to receive golf updates and tee time deals.






first name(*)


invalid input



last name(*)


invalid input



email(*)


invalid input





submit
















© 2025 winagamie golf course | 3501 winnegamie drive, neenah, wi 54956 | reservations: 920.757.5453powered by foreupcontact us | site map





close 







home








tee times








food








events








contact







about us
missioncourse infotour our courseslessonsaudubon sanctuarytribute bench programnewsemail clubcontact usemploymentmembershipratesfood & spiritsevents
outings & eventsclub calendarjunior programstore
online storebook a tee time 


 3501 winnegamie drive, neenah, wi 54956 | reservations: 920.757.5453|   




