

coastnews.com: portraits of three sister cities: san francisco, paris, and shanghai
















 
              




home | city notes | restaurant guide | galleries | site map | search | contact | advertising 





















 

see city notes—the latest 
			| see s. louis martin v google, 
			inc. antitrust lawsuit |
			see google: creepy, not 
			"cool"
 












san
                      francisco ... bay area ... california north coast 




588 
                  sutter street, no. 105, san francisco, ca 94102





















 



select topic
arts & entertainment
natural disaster
food & drink
health
history
humbolt
marin county
mendocino county
monterey county
music
napa county
politics & politicians
santa cruz county
san francisco
sonoma county
sports
transportation
wine
witness tree columns by joe smith
news
features
technology
literature









favorites




north beach. it can make your head spin. stand on the corner of columbus 
        and broadway on a friday night with sex shows in one direction and pasta 
        and pretty people in the other, and you can feel your equilibrium go.
    from washington square: a little piece of heaven 







new features






time
                        of your life in san francisco 



by
                          louis martin 
 i
                      don't know what it means. it's just a fun thing to do.
                      while presidents drop bombs and lovers thrash out the details
                      of their relationships and businesses scramble for mindshare
                      and marketshare and any other kind of share they can get
                      their hands on, i just go walking. no one gets put down
                      with deadly force, no one is forced to "commit", and i'm
                      never richer for it. but walking is my form of fun and
                      it makes me feel free. for an hour or so i'm a pacific
                      breeze fresh ashore, visting my favorite city....





diamonds, 
                  reality & spare change


 
by 
                      louis martin
  
                      it was friday. i got off bart at powell & market and walked 
                      a block up to ellis, then over to les joulins jazz bistro. 
                      at the far end of the long bar stood reuben, the manager. 
                      he looked exhausted. the cause? alfie javier almonza, his 
                      new son, born october 9, 2007. the kid is doing well but 
                      exhausting both the parents. i told him there was hope: 
                      in just a year or two he and his wife would be sleeping 
                      again. i knew; i had been through it. between sets i had 
                      a quick conversation with musicians charles and valencia, 
                      then split for le central. i had too many places i wanted 
                      to go tonight and was rushing. why the rush? maybe i was 
                      making up for lost time, lost sleep; too many babes, too 
                      many babies. slow down, i told myself, then rushed off. 
                      dave and will are there at le central tending bar. we fall 
                      into a conversation about fernet, the san francisco bartenders' 
                      drink....





camping 
                  out in san francisco


 by 
                    louis martin 

so much for treasure 
                    island rv park, i decided. i would "camp out" in san francisco 
                    for a week or two and see how it went. it was friday night 
                    and first i hit les joulins jazz bistro, cafe claude, cafe 
                    bastille, and enrico's. i must have had the feeling that i 
                    was going out of circulation for awhile to hit all those places. 
                    then i headed down to ocean beach, which i thought might be 
                    a safe starter. past the cliff house i wandered down the hill 
                    to the big parking lots below. i pulled into the second of 
                    the two lots, the bigger one. i turned off the engine and 
                    just sat for awhile in the dark. there were other vehicles 
                    in the lot and a couple of blazing fires out on the beach. 
                    i could see figures illumintated by the flames. i am sitting 
                    there ...





in 
                  limbo: south city


 
by 
                      louis martin
  
                      ... so it was i said good-bye to paris for awhile. a few 
                      days later, on halloween, i found myself headed back to 
                      san francisco, or more precisely, south san francisco. i 
                      had given up my apartment in the city when i went to paris, 
                      so was planning to stay in south san francisco until i found 
                      another place or went back to paris. since i have an rv 
                      that i have practically never used, i thought this would 
                      be a good opportunity to put it to use. i rented space in 
                      treasure island rv park, not on treasure 
                      island, which might have been interesting, but in south 
                      san francisco. but that is not to say that treasure island 
                      rv park in south san francisco is not without interest. 
                      it is in fact a curious place, partly due to its location. 
                      located not in the "industrial" part of the city that everyone 
                      driving up 101 to san francisco is familiar with, but up 
                      in the hills ...





sidewalk 
                  cafe—for enrico


 by 
                    louis martin 

"how 
                  was paris?" i could hear jen's question even before 
                  i'm off the plane in san francisco. she's was picking me up 
                  at the airport. i probably should have refused her offer but 
                  hadn't. "paris is paris," i would say, delaying the 
                  answer for awhile. but i can hear the response to that: "paris 
                  is paris? that's all you've got to say?" "it 
                  is a mixture of all the species," i would then say, hoping 
                  to delay things, "it is a chaos, a throng where everybody 
                  hunts for pleasure and hardly anybody finds it, at least so 
                  far as i could see." "that 
                  doesn't sound like you. who wrote that? it's eloquent; you're 
                  not." i was stung by the insensitivity of her remark. but 
                  she was right. "voltaire," i confess. "voltaire?" 
                  "yes, 
                  voltaire. i had a drink at his old hangout, le procope....





snowman


 
by 
                      joe smith
  
                      many women cut their hair or begin painting their toenails 
                      when they break up with their boyfriends. my old friend 
                      misty changes a letter in her name at the conclusion of 
                      a romance. she would hate to hear her old name on the lips 
                      of a new beau. there are exceptions to this practice of 
                      hers. she has on occasion made a double-switch in letters, 
                      or even taken what she calls a mulligan, leaving her name 
                      the same for the next paramour. but such exceptions are 
                      rare. “i’ve had lovers who were bald before,” she says, 
                      “and lovers who were married. but i never had one who was 
                      both at the same time. or so … so … what’s the word? proficient.” 
                      apparently her latest flame was a bone fide chopstick lover. 
                      fork lovers, according to her, shovel sex in ...





on the edge: shanghai 2007



by louis martin 
 i had come to shanghai for the dim sum. i was told by my chinese friends in san francisco that shanghai has the best dim sum in the world. my plan was to spend a week tracking down dim sum, savoring its exquisite flavor, photographing it in its many forms, and taking careful notes so that i could write about it like an expert, thereby justifying my trip. that was the plan, anyway. 

my first afternoon in shanghai found me going for a walk. i may have been thinking dim sum when i started out but by the end of the walk, starting on maoming road, and venturing north up to nanjing road, then west on nanjing, dim sum was not in my mind. the thought of dim sum had been replaced by the thought of something non-edible: architecture....





illumination


 
by 
                      joe smith
  
                      “i’m glad i’m in here,” arnie smiles, “rather than out there.” 
                      the shattered lens of his eyeglasses breaks up the flash 
                      of lightning into several distinct bolts. i wonder how many 
                      his retina records, if he sees something resembling a lightning 
                      kaleidoscope. it’s easy to comprehend his happiness at being 
                      in my kitchen during the thunderstorm. the baseball cap 
                      he always wears is lined with aluminum foil to protect his 
                      brain from electromagnetic radiation. arnie started taking 
                      this precaution some years ago, not long after he learned 
                      that he had a radio in his mouth. or, more exactly, a radio 
                      tooth, a silver filling in a molar that somehow worked like 
                      a crystal set. without earphones, of
                      course....





sidewalk 
                  cafe: la vie nocturne


 by 
                    louis martin 

tengo una hija que viva en puigcerda. now i have 
                    found a place i like in paris: au rendez vous des amis. 
                    they don't throw the customers out after a glass of wine. 
                    some customers look like they have been sitting there since 
                    the execution of louis xvi wondering if he got what 
                    he deserved or not. mais il est froid et venteux a paris. 
                    i decide to pay the daughter a visit. the subway gets me to 
                    gare austerlizt. le tren will get me to 
                    latour de carol on the border. i get a sleeper but 
                    i am not a sleeper this evening. i drift in and out, dans 
                    et hors. "vin rouge," i say in my dreams 
                    but le serveur hears "vin blanc." rouge 
                    does not sound like blanc to me, but it seems that 
                    unless pronunciation is perfect, he does not understand me. 
                    she aussi. je ne parle pas français parfait. 
                    je n'essaye pas même....





sidewalk 
                  cafe: hanging out in paris


 
by 
                      louis martin
  
                      before i leave for paris i get the news: enrico's has closed. 
                      i walk over to north beach just to check it out. the sign 
                      says thanks for 50 great years! 
                      what? that is how it all ends? it is hard 
                      to believe. it is the best of the best in san francisco. 
                      it is san francisco. i can think of dozens of places that 
                      should close before enrico's. hundreds. 
                      thousands. there is nothing like enrico's, 
                      never will be again. it is, or was, a one-of-a-kind place. 
                      it was not a copy of some other place that made money so 
                      an investor said okay, give it a try. it was born in the 
                      mind of a man of many talents, enrico banducchi, who came 
                      to san francisco at the age of 13 to study violin ...





honest 
                  food & citicrimes


 by 
                    louis martin 
 
                    citiapartments, citibombardments, skyline realty, flytrap 
                    reality, citisuites, citicrimes, citiciti, citititti, citiwealth, 
                    citifilth ... and out of this dank maze of aliases, like primitive 
                    man poking his head from the cave, one name emerges ... lembi. 
                    name makes you cringe? okay, let's reverse it before we go 
                    on and discuss his brother in greed: ibmel. ibmel relies on 
                    your fear. ibmel counts on it. ibmel has dog's teeth smeared 
                    with blood. ibmel is an arse swarming with flies. ibmel would 
                    like to rob and murder you but he knows that's risky. he'd 
                    also like to rob the bank but that would take guts. so instead 
                    ibmel buys your apartment, cuts what services ...





chindogu




by
                          joe smith 
  the
                          sun has finally emerged after days of rain. charlie
                          and i pace the bluffs, our eyes peeled to catch the
                          telltale spumes of whales headed south to tepid mexican
                          bays to reproduce.

“you figure they’re like us?” he asks. “you figure their baby-making equipment
shrivels up and retreats inside those great, lumbering bodies when the water’s
icy cold? the humpback baritones sing soprano?”

our rubber boots squelch in the mud. the earth is saturated, the bluff's a marsh.
and despite the brilliant sunshine, the sea is gray, as though it had sucked
up all the gray from the rain it could hold.... 











favorites




winning feels good, especially after losing. i have recently been 
        on a losing streak. but all things come in cycles, even as the lout knows. 
        faith tells you and the lout that you've hit bottom and will soon rise 
        again.
      from san francisco cocktail




"contiamo la moneta" (count the money), said enrico banducci's 
        grandfather to him one day in bakersfield. his grandfather had heard that 
        enrico, age 13, was planning to go to san francisco to study violin.
    from beatings & bar school 


"women actually have an edge as far as tasting and subtleties 
        because anthropologically, women are super tasters," said 
        kim caffrey (below). "they have heightened sensitivity to taste and 
        smell. having that advantage, they are able to maintain more subtle aromas."
    from grape expectations for women in wine 






the sheep scuffling in the chute leading from the pen to the shearing 
        barn huddle together for warmth and comfort. those nearest the gate press 
        against its bars, craning their necks for a glimpse of their fate.
    from shearing 

although there's no shortage of french restaurants in san francisco, 
        a down-to-earth neighborhood restaurant offering excellent french fare 
        is hard to come by. clémentine, taking its name from the bustling 
        street on which it is located, is a true find. 
        from french fare à la 
    clémentine 




skim through the pages of a typical surfer magazine and what do you 
        see? flip. a surfer "dude" flies up the face of a wave on a 
        hurley international surfboard. flip. another surfer "dude" 
        splashes down the face of a wave in an advertisement for reef surf shoes. 
        to the side, a backside photo of "traci" in a thong bikini suggests 
        that anyone who buys these shoes will win her admiration.
        from reframing the image 
        of women surfers

 




"i love this neighborhood," said ottilie valverde, 
        a resident for the last 33 years. "there’s an aliveness here. 
        it’s full of life and wonderful people." she said what 
        differentiates clement from chinatown is its international flavor.
    from clement street: the new chinatown 












 













home | city notes | restaurant guide | galleries | site map | search | contact | 
advertsising 


