








mouth ulcers treatments & dry mouth remedies mouth ulcer & gum treatments













































			skip to content		




		main navigation	








home
products
about
blog
contact
















find out more





buy now





read reviews





previous



next







welcome to mouth ulcers & gums!
your online specialist dedicated to providing the best treatments for uncomfortable mouth conditions.


mouth ulcer treatment

mouth ulcer treatments are designed to alleviate the symptoms, speed up healing, and prevent complications associated with mouth ulcers, also known as canker sores or aphthous ulcers. the treatments we offer relieve pain & discomfort, especially when eating or drinking, they promote faster healing, reduce inflammation, help prevent infection, protect the ulcer (to prevent the ulcer from becoming irritated) and help to reduce the frequency of ulcers. in summary, mouth ulcer treatments aim to reduce pain, promote healing, and prevent infections or complications, improving comfort and oral health during the healing process. it's recommended to see your gp or dentist if your mouth ulcer has lasted three weeks or longer.
explore our range of mouth ulcer treatment products.



 


gengigel mouth rinse 300ml







 


gengigel spray 20ml







 


gengigel first aid 50ml







 


gengigel mouth rinse 150ml







 


gengigel gel 20ml







mouth ulcer treatments reviews


















the mouth ulcergengigel ointment is the most effective mouth ulcer treatment i have ever used. 
- anthony










since i've been using this toothpaste (squigle enamel saver) i've had far fewer mouth ulcers. my teeth and mouth feel just as clean and fresh as they did with the more well know brands , but not having sodium laurel sulfate has really helped me.
- nikki










i swear by this asit keeps the mouth ulcers at bay.
- linde















this is an excellent productand heals sore gum rapidly.
- anonymous










excellent range of products and decent prices, especially if you buy inbulk. squigle toothpaste is the only one i have found that really lessens myulcer problem, and curasept mouthwash is the best! always speedy delivery too,which is much appreciated.
- anonymous










i use this (curasept mouth rinse 200ml) in conjunction with squigle toothpaste and have far fewer  mouth ulcers than i did before discovering these.
- nikki







dry mouth treatment

dry mouth treatments are used to alleviate xerostomia, a condition where the mouth doesn't produce enough saliva. while these treatments don't cure an underlying condition (if one exists), they help manage the symptoms and discomfort associated with dry mouth. our products aim to stimulate the salivary glands, prevent oral health issues such as tooth decay and gum disease and to relieve any discomfort. dry mouth treatments provide symptomatic relief rather than a cure, focusing on improving the patient’s quality of life and oral health.
explore our range of dry mouth treatment products.



 


bioxtra mouth rinse a/f 250ml







 


bioxtra long lasting moisturising gel 40ml







 


xylimelts trial pack







 


xylimelts: dry mouth treatment 40 discs







gum care treatments

gum care treatments are designed to improve and maintain the health of the gums and the surrounding tissues. they play a key role in preventing, managing, and treating gum-related issues such as gingivitis and periodontitis. gum care treatments can help prevent gum disease, reduce gum inflammation, stop gum recession, treat gum infections and improve your oral hygiene. overall, gum care treatments are critical for preserving both gum health and the integrity of the teeth, while also preventing complications related to oral diseases.
explore our range of gum care treatment products.



 


gengigel daily use toothpaste 75ml







 


curasept ads 350 gingival gel 0.5% 30ml







 


curasept mouth rinse 200ml







 


gengigel mouth rinse 150ml







blog posts




 


what is the best toothpaste for mouth ulcer sufferers?

for people who suffer from mouth ulcers, choosing a toothpaste that is gentle on the oral tissues and free of certain irritants can make a significant difference. here are some of the best types of toothpaste for those prone to mouth ulcers: 1. sls-free toothpaste sodium lauryl sulfate (sls) is a common ingredient in many […]
read more… from what is the best toothpaste for mouth ulcer sufferers?







 


understanding the common causes of mouth ulcers: why do they happen?

mouth ulcers are small, painful sores that can appear on the inside of your lips, cheeks, or gums. ulcers can make everyday tasks like eating, drinking, and even speaking quite uncomfortable. while they usually heal on their own in a week or two, understanding the causes behind mouth ulcers can help you prevent them from […]
read more… from understanding the common causes of mouth ulcers: why do they happen?







 


top 5 tips for living with mouth ulcers

mouth ulcers can be painful and frustrating, especially when they occur frequently. while they typically heal on their own, managing the discomfort and preventing future outbreaks can make a big difference. here are five practical tips for living with mouth ulcers: 1. choose soothing foods when you have a mouth ulcer, eating spicy, acidic, or […]
read more… from top 5 tips for living with mouth ulcers




























© 2025, mouth ulcers & gums.


buy direct & with confidence from our partner, dental direct!
our product range is available through the www.dentaldirect.co.uk website, for fast & efficient ordering and amazon fast delivery. 
















