













homepage - suzuki marine usa, llc











































































































promotions
about us
news
events near you
ultimate team
owner’s manual
careers
faqs
 



search…

















outboards





 


portable2.5 – 30 hpmid size40 – 90 hpinline 4115 – 200 hpv6200 – 300 hpdual prop300 – 350 hpstealth line™ 
 

parts & accessoriesfind a dealerboat testsclean ocean project 















7 year warranty on all 150hp - 350hp pleasure models through 3/31/2025


get hooked up®with our current promotions.
see what suzuki is offering to get you into the ultimate outboard motor.
learn more








find a dealer near you.



explore now











                                in the news.











 




7 jan, 2025
suzuki marine celebrates it’s 60th year anniversary
learn more











 




7 jan, 2025
7 year pleasure factory warranty now includes 150hp & up!
learn more











 




22 nov, 2024
suzuki marine caps off successful 2024 fort lauderdale international boat show
learn more












the official outboard motorof thetampa bay buccaneers






 











facebook
instagram
youtube







product brochures
contact us
accessibility
privacy statement
do not sell my information
legal notice
global suzuki
supplier code of conduct









the official outboard motor of the tampa bay buccaneers





suzuki, the “s” logo, and suzuki model and product names are suzuki trademarks or ®. © 2025 suzuki marine usa, llc. all rights reserved.






home
about us
events near you
boat tests
outboardsopen menu

portable
mid size
inline 4
v6
dual prop
stealth line™


parts & accessories
find a dealer
news
clean ocean project
faqs
owner’s manual
careers
contact us
promotions
 


suzuki marine usa, llc (“sma”) uses cookies on this site to ensure the best browsing experience by optimizing site functionality, analyzing site activity, and personalizing your experience. sma does not sell personal information. by continuing to use this site, you agree to sma’s use of cookies. to manage cookies preferences, please click the opt in or opt out button. for more information, please view our privacy policy. opt in opt out×manage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 


 



 


homeabout usevents near youboat testsoutboardsopen menu

portable mid size inline 4 v6 dual prop stealth line™
parts & accessoriesfind a dealernewsclean ocean projectfaqsowner’s manualcareerscontact uspromotions




































