








community center

























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)


















log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









community center




welcome!
welcome to the livejournal community center. this is the place to find out how and where to interact with your fellow livejournal addicts! livejournal isn't only a great place for keeping a journal -- it's a place where people meet, interact, share common interests, and have a good time. here are some of our community features to keep you informed and in touch.
new?
are you new to livejournal and don't know quite what to do yet? then you'll want to head over to the 'newbies' lounge, where you'll find answers to many of the questions you may have. visit newmembers, explore a bit, and you'll be a pro in no time at all!
stay informed!
stay informed of what's going on in livejournal. there are a number of official livejournal communities you may wish to browse. the following two are particularly useful.

add news to your friends page to keep up with events and issues that are relevant to the entire livejournal community.
add lj_maintenance to your friends page to be informed when downtime is planned, and reports on unplanned interruptions of service.
chat!
livejournal users chat up a storm. many of them use popular instant messengers, including aim, icq, yahoo!, msn, or jabber instant messengers. if you do, be sure to list it in your profile. if you have an account with professional package of service, you can also enable your cell phone or pager to receive text messages.
volunteer!
don't be shy! help out! the best way to help out is by purchasing a account with professional package of service. there are, of course, loads of other ways you can help out.

livejournal is an open source project; if you have experience with programming languages or server side applications you can check out the livejournal development community, lj_dev. if you have ideas about how livejournal could be better, check out the livejournal suggestions area, suggestions. if you would like to help with just about anything, visit the livejournal business community, lj_biz. if you like helping people, visit our technical support center and help someone out.
what is a community?
a community is basically a journal run by a member of livejournal for people with common interests. communities are free to use and create - anyone can have them, and they're easy to set up, too! livejournal communities cover topics from anime to zen buddhism, from astronomy to zim.  you'll also find regional communities for places all around the world. there's probably a livejournal community for where you live too!
how do i create my own community?
there is a faq that will explain how to create your very own community.  there are also two faq categories (general community faqs and community management faqs) covering just about everything you'll ever need to know about communities.  if you still need more information, feel free to submit a support request.
how do i find other communities?
at this time there are two official livejournal communities specifically created to help you find the community you're looking for.

community search
check out the promotions community (community_promo)
check out the search community (community_quest)

notice something you think is missing?
click here to open a support request and let us know!

 















            applications
          








                
              

              download
            







                
              
              huawei
            







                
              
              rustore
            




follow us: 






follow us on twitter









livejournal



company



                  about
                



                  news
                



                help
              




products



                "share" button
              




community



                frank
              





choose language

english
deutsch
dansk
español
français
italiano
русский
українська
беларуская
日本語
português
esperanto
עברית
nederlands
magyar
gaeilge
íslenska
suomi
ελληνικά
norsk bokmål
svenska
polski
简体中文
latviešu
türkçe
bahasa melayu
हिन्दी
brazilian portuguese
chinese traditional
lietuvių
norsk nynorsk





v.819





              privacy policy
            



              user agreement
            



              recommendation technologies
            



              help
            











































