









home - southern container corporation of wilson, inc.
























































		skip to content





























 



homeproducts


























 



order informationcontact












menu 



homeproductsorder informationcontact










 















if you can grow it, we can package it!






you can depend on southern container corporation for all of your produce packaging needs.







learn more




















with nearly 70 years of experience manufacturing and distributing agricultural packaging, southern container corporation, based in wilson, north carolina, is dedicated to providing reliable and personalized customer service. from our proprietary “buskets” to boxes, bags and everything in-between, we’re here to make sure your prized produce is packaged safely and quickly while staying fresh.




















who we are






southern container corporation is a family-owned agriculture product packaging company in wilson, north carolina. we are dedicated to providing personalized high-quality customer service while manufacturing a wide range of products, including our very own invention: the locally-made “busket” (a cross between a basket and a bucket, designed as a picking bucket or a display). southern container also carries baskets, clamshells, boxes and more to get your produce from farm to table. while we work with growers, packers and retailers across the country every single day, we also proudly claim to be the only remaining producer of tobacco hogsheads in the u.s., something we’ve been doing since 1960. southern container proudly keeps it local, boasting a highly-skilled staff, warehouse facility and our own fleet of delivery trucks to make sure your products are delivered quickly. you can depend on southern container to ensure your business thrives.
we’re here for you!







read more























featured products

























														berry and fruit packaging											


















														macro plastics											


















														other packaging											


















														poultry and fish packaging											


















														produce packaging											


















														tobacco packaging											




























how we work






“we’d be glad to help ya!”
with our fast and reliable customer service, you’ll receive your order quickly.
just call us directly at (252) 237-0539







order now




















local. fast. dependable.






choose southern container corporation for all of your packaging needs.







order now















 






































quick links








 



homeproductsorder informationcontact










contact













6003 ward blvd, po box 216wilson, north carolina 27894 














252-237-0539 



















copyright © 2025 southern container corporation of wilson, inc.. all rights reserved.
 









 scroll to top
















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








