


welcome to the lampworks :: www.thelampworks.com


























 










reference desk 
lamp information 
other resources 
on-line shopping 







an on-line resource for lighting researchers and collectors
of oil and kerosene lamps, burners and other trimmings


















home



about us



contact
				us



site map














search the site





 

 search for: 
		   
 search tips

 advanced search 







:: new articles :: 





  nov. 23, 2009 - added an article on lamp-stoves.
	read more »




  nov. 15, 2009 - added some info on jewelers' lamps.
	read more »




  feb. 1, 2009 - added an article on joshua jenkins and the suffolk glass works.
	read more »




  dec. 28, 2008 - added some info on vapo-cresolene and schering's formalin lamps.
	read more »











:: in the works ::







 hitchcock lamp co.
 samuel r. wilmot
 chinnock brothers
 c.a. van kirk co.
 lamp filling aids

			 
	































i am currently working on an article about robert hitchcock of watertown, new york.  hitchcock founded the hitchcock lamp company in 1873 to manufacture his line of mechanical lamps - lamps that are designed to be used without a chimney as the draft is provided by a clockwork driven fan located in the base of the lamp.  hitchcock originally worked as a jeweler and clock maker, a skill set that would prove invaluable for his future lighting endeavors.   












a scarce rob't. hitchcock wall bracket lamp.  photo courtesy ara kebapcioglu. 




robert hitchcock certainly did not invent this concept.  the first u.s. patent for a mechanical lamp was granted in 1860 to francis bernard dekeravenan, a french engineer who was living in new york at the time.  a few others made improvements and innovations including michael b. dyott, george a. jones, and others, but hitchcock's lamps are the ones most often found in the marketplace today, due in part to the sheer numbers that must have been produced to satisfy the international market that he created.  

thus, the story starts with hitchcock, but it would be impossible to write about mechanical lamps without looking at other innovators both here in the united states and abroad; it's impossible to isolate hitchcock's contributions from the others - they are just too intertwined.

more as the story unfolds...



site last modified on 07 march 2010










:: our affiliates ::





  ann g. mcdonald,  author of evolution of the night lamp, partners with us to bring you the book nook bookshop!  





  hugh c. pribell handcrafts some very high quality reproduction lamp burners - we are proud to offer them here!





  david broughton 
	reprints some high quality, never-before-published, lamp & lighting catalogs and ephemera.






:: site hi-lights ::















the lamp company histories 









  the lampworks' illustrated glossary of more than 125 lamp & lighting terms!











lamp & lighting ephemera 








  our extensive list of over 180 lamp & lighting reference materials - books, catalogs and more!









^ top of page      
















privacy policy  | 
				terms and conditions of use  | 
				announcements  |
				
tell a friend

copyright © 2001-2011 ~ daniel edminster | the lampworks ~ all rights reserved






