


  

montessori academy of campbell

































toggle navigation










home


goals



                            development
                            


the classroom
physical development
intellectual development
whole child development



method


team


contact























































we provide a flexible toddler, preschool and kindergarten
                    learning program. the program meets the needs of each
                    child and parent, in an environment that stimulates
                    growth and personal strength for the whole child. 






interactive vocabulary and hands-on learning
                        strong fundamental academic preparation
                        montessori and cpr trained staff
                        low student / teacher ratio
                        caring, respectful and warm atmosphere
                        potty training available
                        healthy snacks and hot lunch served daily
                    





                        we would like to help you discover your child's
                        fullest potential. we invite you to come and visit our environment.
                    



from our families




our daughter started mac when she was 3yrs old. ... we've met so many wonderful friends 
                                and we plan to keep in touch with them, even though everyone will be at different 
                                elementary school next year. my husband and i are very involved and are always
                                 happy to help/volunteer our time whenever it is needed. ... i like their sign-in 
                                 system and that lunches is provided. my daughter was full-time, the hours are great. 
                                 we are so glad we kept her at mac even though we moved to san jose. i will truly miss everyone here. 
                                 such a wonderful school.



                                    mary
                                    mother of former student




i so happy to enthusiastically recommend this school for pre-school and kindergarten.  
                                this is a special place and a wonderful launching pad for little learners.  
                                my son was very well prepared for the competitive los gatos school system.   
                                the owner, keeps the school in fantastic shape.  in the three years we attended 
                                i saw new carpets, new windows and doors, new ac, new locks on gates, etc...   
                                the teaching staff is exceptional and focused on teaching and learning.   
                                you can not find a better place for your children.  my son will benefit from 
                                attending this school his whole life.



                                    john
                                    father of former student




in a matter of one month my daughter knew every teacher in the school and just loved them. 
                                the school's focus on practical life skills is very good. toddlers love to be 
                                independent and it was nice to see how their drive was channeled in a positive way. 
                                i saw my daughter wanting to help me out a lot at home and at 21mo she was wearing 
                                her jacket all by herself.  they have a digital signin/out system which is 
                                very convenient and now have also started sending online classroom reports of 
                                bm/diaper changes etc. at the end of each day.



                                    priya
                                    parent of former student




"...we love montessori academy of campbell...they taught us manners and how to learn..."


                                    the bowers
                                    former students in the program




the music awareness, art appreciation, language skills, science, and math are used to stimulate young minds 
                                and provide children with the foundational love of discovery that i know will last my son a lifetime. 
                                my son will enter public school with the ability to read, write, and with a love of learning, he's 5 1/2. 
                                i only wish they had a program to take him through high school!


                                    samantha
                                    parent of former student




my son is also much more helpful around the house.  he's constantly helping me with chores, cleaning 
                                up after himself, and dressing himself.  it is wonderful.
                                my son is a different kid, and a huge part of that is because of the incredible staff and 
                                environment at mac.  i can't thank them enough, and i truly regret not moving my son here sooner.



                                    jaime
                                    parent























location

177 e. rincon ave.campbell, ca 95008
(408) 378 9244

  contact us
  schedule a visit


information

monday-friday: 7:30am to 5:30pm
18-months to kindergarten
hot lunch and healthy snacks
dss#: 434408018













about

hours: 7:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
ages: 18 months to kindergarten
                
licensing

                    the montessori academy of campbell is licensed by the
                    state of california. our facility number is 434408018


portal

  login 
                  pay

admitted families

  enroll



location


                    177 east rincon avenue
                    campbell, california, 95008 
 phone: 408.378.9244 


stay connected




















                    2023 © montessori academy of campbell
                








































 