
































    
    fenton glass, auto, residential & commerical glass services
  
  















            


     home


  services

   automotive


  residential


  shower enclosures


  custom mirrors


  deck railing systems


  commercial


  sneeze guards




  project gallery

   commercial projects


  residential projects


  automotive projects


  glass shelving & table top projects


  shower enclosure projects


  mirror projects


  deck railing projects


  recreational vehicle glass projects




  about us

   in the community




  history


  contact


  blog





  call for an appointment today  (810) 629-5231  

  

careers







       
 





       
  

call now

    

  automobile glass repair & replacement
we ensure safety by using quality products.

  

learn more



 

  from shower doors, windows to mirrors
we can transform your bathroom at competitive prices

  

learn more



 

  commercial windows & doors
we are fully licensed, bonded and insured

  

learn more



 

  quality auto glass installation
our experienced and certified technicians provide quality installation to ensure your safety

  

learn more



 

  euro doors
transform your bathroom with our custom glass panel shower doors

  

learn more



 

  commercial glass
we are your full service commercial glass provider

  

learn more



 

  residential services
let us modernize your next home improvement project.

  

learn more



 

  glass deck railing
modernize your deck with our custom glass panels

  

learn more



 

  mirrors
providing your home with traditional or contemporary mirror solutions.

  

learn more









   fenton glass services


    

  

auto glass

at fenton glass our goal is to ensure the safety and integrity of the vehicle with our auto glass installation. 
  

  

residential glass

whatever your home glass needs might be, from replacing an outdated shower enclosure, to upgrading your house with energy efficient windows, fenton glass service has the experience and competitive prices you want.
  

  

commercial glass

with glass breakage, both safety and security are immediately at risk. employees or customers could risk serious injury, and your business may no longer be secure. this is when time is of the essence, and that's where fenton glass service steps in. ensuring the safety and security of your business is our business.
  

  

sneeze guards

clear plexiglass shields maintain physical separation & protect from sneeze & splash. available in two styles:  free standing or hanging (suspended from the ceiling with a chain)



   welcome to fenton glass service since 1960, fenton glass service has been proudly serving southeast michigan (genesee county, oakland county, livingston county) with quality automotive, residential and commercial glass needs. we are a full service glass company with a dedicated staff of certified technicians and experienced glaziers with years of experience in the glass business.   

read more


  




  


   

 contact us
327 north leroy streetfenton michigan 48430phone: (810) 629-5231

  

contact us








      



       


  


  


  


  


  


  


  

  



  

  



  

  



  

  



  

  



  

  glass deck railing, lake shannon




  

  glass deck railing, lake shannon




  

  railcraft beach post glass deck railing




  

  




view all 





   find us
 



   follow us
  





 contact us
 327 north leroy streetfenton michigan 48430

(810) 629-5231 office

  

request information

  

careers




   follow us
  © 2025 
fenton glass service // website design by behind your design






















































































































  
  share by:








