


  




oak tree preschool  - lw3
















































the place for learning, growing and fun.


(973) 729-4185


27 west shore trail
sparta, new jersey  07871




home

about us

parent handbook
our mission
facilities
rates



programs

childcare
preschool
before / after school
summer camp
extras



teachers

ms. melissa
ms. leigh-ann
mrs. kelly
mrs. shelly
mrs. maria


news
faq's
contact









due to the snow and ice predictions, oak tree will be closed today, february 6, 2025. stay safe and enjoy the snow day. stay safe and enjoy your day!






































welcome to oak tree preschool!
if you could capture the imagination of your childhood and combine it with an adventurous curiosity to follow your dreams, you would find yourself at oak tree preschool!
learning comes naturally at oak tree preschool. offering pioneer education and premier care for children from eighteen months through kindergarten, as well as stimulating before and after school program, along with summer camp enrichment programs for school age children through 11 years old. 




testimonials:






oak tree has always been flexible and accommodating to my busy schedule in every way that they could.  the teachers were very loving and comforting whenever my children needed them. 
kelly, hampton, nj



my kids have been part of oak tree for many years. all of the staff have made my children feel like this is their second home. 
katherine, sparta, nj



bringing your kid to oak tree feels like dropping them off with their aunts. i'm 100% confident each day that their emotional and educational needs will be met. i couldn;t be happier with the academic progress my preschooler has made. we made a transom from a full time nanny and 
alexandra



oak tree is such a special place for us. it is located in the heart of the community, and the school leverages it's close proximity for special outings and playtime. kids get enrichment inside and outside of their classroom. the specials are my daughter's favorite part. she looks forward to 
jessica, sparta nj



my nephew, now 21, and my son, now 9, both attended oak tree. you will never find a pre-school, in sparta or elsewhere, that exceeds the standards of oak tree. the staff are kind, caring well-trained professionals, the atmosphere is unbeatable and the owner, pat is a living example for 
lisa



teachers really care about their students! we are so thrilled to live near such a wonderful preschool. 
bridget









 
















childcare








your children are welcome into our family! oak tree preschool offers high quality childcare from our loving teachers. your child will be engaged in 'round the clock fun, educational activities. learn more



preschool








oak tree offers a wonderful, educational preschool program.  our teachers provide hands-on activities that stimulates critical independent thinking.  we help them develop the social skills needed for life.  our goal is to allow your child to grow and flourish in a positive, motivating, educational environment.   learn more



before / after school








oak tree provides before and after school care from both helen morgan and alpine elementary schools in sparta.  our school-age childcare provides a safe, comfortable, and friendly place for the children to play, learn and relax with friends.   learn more



summer camp








oak tree offers a wonderful, fun-filled summer. one filled with laughter, friends and outdoor activities.  we have three groups of campers in the summer, a preschool group, a pre-kindergarten group and a school-age group.  our goal is to fill their summers with memories that last a lifetime! learn more



extras








oak tree likes to involve outside programs to help expand the knowledge of your children. learn more


















latest news




flu shots due




christmas party




puppet show






twitter updates





stay connected









oak tree preschool 
                        27 west shore trail, sparta, new jersey, 07871

                        phone: (973) 729-4185

                        fax: 973-729-2394
grow@oaktreepreschool.com
www.oaktreepreschool.com





            
            © copyright
			
             oak tree preschool, inc. all rights reserved. admin | 
            sitemap
			27 west shore trail, sparta, new jersey, 07871  phone: (973) 729-4185            
























