





















































































































    
    urban fitness personal trainers in palm springs ca
  
  













          


       fitness services


   personal training



  senior fitness



  prenatal & postpartum fitness



  bridal workouts



  kettlebell training



  trx suspension training



  kettlebell bootcamp





  personal trainers


   jason keigher





  locations


   palm springs



  cathedral city



  rancho mirage



  palm desert



  indian wells



  la quinta





  about us


   in the news



  testimonials





  contact us



  urban fitness blog








  





      

  urban 
fitness


    760-884-8840









 



      


  
 personal training in your home, office or gym
  serving palm springs, palm desert, rancho mirage, cathedral city, indian wells and la quinta



   
 urban fitness personal training

maximize your time, focus your energy, get results
at urban fitness, we know that partnering with an experienced personal trainer is the safest and most effective way to achieve your health and fitness goals. our certified personal trainers are dedicated to providing the guidance, support, and expertise you need to reach your health and fitness goals.whether you want to lose weight, build muscle, reduce stress, or improve your strength and flexibility, we will develop a personal training plan tailored to your unique goals and needs. your personal trainer will be there every step of the way to keep you motivated and stay on track.our personal training processwe take a comprehensive approach, starting with an in-depth assessment of your health history, current fitness level, lifestyle, schedule, exercise preferences, and specific aspirations. with this information, your personal trainer will design an optimized program to help you achieve measurable results efficiently, stay motivated and committed, maximize benefits while preventing injury, and establish lasting healthy habits.each session, your trainer will guide you through safe, effective workouts while monitoring your form and progress. as you advance, your program will adapt to keep you challenged.convenient locations to fit your lifestyleurban fitness offers personal training in your home, office, park or gym throughout palm springs, palm desert, rancho mirage, cathedral city, indian wells and la quinta. wherever you're most comfortable, your urban fitness trainer will be there to provide an exceptional personal training experience.take the first step todayready to begin your transformation? schedule a complimentary consultation with an urban fitness personal trainer. we'll discuss your goals and how our services can help you look and feel your best. call 
760-884-8840 
or email 
info@urbanfitness.com.


   

 special offer:purchase any personal training package for10% off*new clients only. one discount package can be purchased and redeemed per person. not valid with other discounts, vouchers, certificates, or offers.







       get in touch
 urban fitness1717 e vista chinopalm springs, ca 92262760-884-8840info@urbanfitness.com
  stay connected
     

 

 

 





  fitness network
 urban fitnessfit bridesbump wellnesssenior fitnessjason keigherkettlebell boot camp






















































































  
  share by:








