



	self storage management software | self storage software | self storage manager™























                    usa: 800-469-1740



 



















products 

management software
online rental
call tracker site walkthrough and
                                        work orders e-signature
ivr payment module
integrations ssm web platform



                                services 

services website



                                about 

about us testimonials 
                                            news
events
associations


support

contact

demo















                                leveraging the power of
                                modern technologies for
                                self-storage operators









                                request demo









                                upcoming events

















                                            leveraging the power of
                                            modern technologies for
                                            self-storage operators














                                            request demo









                                            upcoming events
















watch video


learn more











                    previous 
next 








real time data at your fingertips





                            comprehensive cloud-based management software for single and multi-facility self
                            storage operators

self storage manager is a high-performance web-based
                                management software program for single or multi-facility operators. it
                            is designed to standardize and centralize operational control across all facilities,
                            enabling corporate office and district managers to oversee operations from the convenience
                            of their office desktop, with instant access to real-time information allowing them
                            to make informed decisions and quickly react to market conditions.
















                            one stop software solution for self storage operators






                            100%
                            cloud-based



                                    comprehensive management software for both single and multi-facility operators.


                                >




                            fully
                            integrated crm



                                    fully integrated customer relationship management to track leads,reservations, marketing
                                    campaigns and more.


                                >




                            online
                            interfaces



                                an e-commerce solution that enhances your online presence, increases revenue, reduces
                                overhead and improves customer service.


                            >




                            reminders
                            & alerts



                                    cloud-based collection systems designed to reduce the time store managers spend
                                    on collection calls.


                                >






                            measure roi on
                            ad campaigns



                                cloud-based call tracking solution designed to assist you in managing and analyzing
                                your calls.


                            >




                            digital storage
                            of leases



                                digital storage of leases and paperless contracts.


                            >




                            site walkthrough
                            & work orders



                                an innovative application that enables site managers to conduct business on an android
                                tablet or android smart phones.


                            >




                            24x7 customer
                            support



                                receive technical assistance whenever needed.


                            >











                            learn all about the advantages that our system has to offer








                                    anywhere, anytime accces

                                    irrespective of whether you work from an office, your home or even if you are on
                                    the road, your business always stays with you. as a fully cloud-based system, you
                                    can access self storage manager anywhere from any device.

                                    know more








                                    advanced revenue management

                                    enables self storage operators to fluctuate and adjust their unit rental prices
                                    for each site or for multiple locations right from the corporate/central office.


                                    know more












                            we've come a long way

                            a bit about our history..





                            in the world of technology, there is only one thing that remains constant and that
                            is change. it is extremely important to have the right technology partner to complement
                            your business. and there is nobody better to help navigate the latest cutting edge
                            technologies than self storage manager, a technology leader for the self-storage
                            industry.





                            incorporated in 2000, we have since been working with several storage operators
                            across the globe providing them the required tools to streamline their operations.
                            we have continuously been enhancing our suite of products based on the feedback
                            we have received from our customers and also meeting the ever changing demands of
                            the industry. today, we have over one thousand facilities using our applications
                            including several multi-facility storage operators.






                                about us












                            what people are saying







                                    “we are delighted with the successful installation of the ssm cloud platform across
                                    all our facilities, as our business operations rely heavily on technology. we needed
                                    to team up with a strong partner willing to work with us to deliver a platform that
                                    enhances our customer's experience while supporting our existing proprietary operations
                                    technology and other third-party suppliers. smartstop has always been on the leading
                                    edge of technological innovation in the self-storage sector. as a partner...
                                     read
                                        more, self storage manager aligned with
                                            our strategic initiatives and stood out among the many options in the market, fulfilling
                                            our expectations in the design and implementation.”




                            h. michael schwartz
                            chairman and ceo
                            smartstop,
                            canada
                        




                                “the migration to self storage manager (ssm) was seamless and quick due to their
                                well-defined conversion process and the excellent teamwork between the ssm project
                                team and our team. ssm online rental module is a wonderful tool, especially with
                                the impacts of covid-19 and it couldn’t have come at a better time. i would not
                                hesitate in recommending ssm to other large operators that are looking for a comprehensive
                                management software and excellent, hyper-responsive customer service.”



                            patrick reilly
                            president & ceo
                            urban self storage,
                            usa
                        




                                “sparebox storage has a unique strategy of delivering excellent customer service
                                and contactless rental options through an unmanned operating platform. it’s imperative
                                that we choose the right technology partner to support and enhance our ambitious
                                growth plans and we are very pleased to partner with self storage manager (ssm)
                                as we build out our portfolio. the ssm team has worked very closely and tirelessly
                                for the past couple of months with our technical teams to ensure that...
                                 read
                                    more we could quickly and seamlessly integrate
                                        their platform into our technology stack. more importantly, they have shown an exemplary
                                        willingness to provide our team with several custom modifications – either within
                                        their application or through their open api’s. lastly, but not the least in this
                                        industry where 3rd party integrations have become the norm, the ssm team is working
                                        very closely with our other technology partners who provide merchant processing,
                                        call center services, mailing services, late and lien processing, insurance services,
                                        etc. the entire ssm team, beginning from their top management and all the way to
                                        their development team, are always available and responsive to our requests. we
                                        look forward to a great long-term partnership with the ssm team.”



                            steve treadwell
                            ceo
                            sparebox storage,
                            usa
                        






                                more testimonials












                        self storage manager

800-469-1740


325 sentry parkway, suite 200

                        blue bell, pa 19422



products
services
about
support
contact
privacy statement





                        customer support







                        
                       
      





                        ©
                        2025
                        by self storage manager

















