




















the copenhagen post – your danish connection - the copenhagen post

































































































 








the copenhagen post
the copenhagen post – your danish connection






subscribelog inmy accountnewsnews round uptechnologysciencesportbusinesspoliticsclimatetransportbusiness & educationeducationlife in denmarkexplainerguideconnect clubthings to dothis week in copenhagenmy copenhagencareerart & culturefashionartculturereviewcalendaropinioneditorialnewsletterjobsadvertisepodcastcalendarsearch







newsbusinesslife in denmarkguidecareerart & cultureopinion
log in
my account
subscribe
newsletterjobsadvertisepodcastcalendarcontact us
search

news round up

feb 18, 2025 @ 9:49 am
decrease in buses impact mobility and business in denmarkfeb 18, 2025 @ 8:57 am
sunset boulevard reports record growthfeb 18, 2025 @ 8:52 am
young people in denmark investing more than everfeb 17, 2025 @ 4:00 pm
hundreds of people in the line for noma’s exclusive fastelavnsbolle
top stories

“we have a special focus on highly educated workers”: interview with the mayor for integration of copenhagen
acting mayor of employment and integration louise theilade thomsen shares her insights into the city’s efforts to attract and retain internationals through support programs, employment initiatives, and political engagement, in an exclusive interview with the copenhagen post
graduate unemployment is much higher if you studied outside copenhagen
according to the data, graduate unemployment is 74% higher outside the capital than in copenhagen. what is the reason?
m. frederiksen’s historic shift: “europe must stand on its own”
the danish prime minister, coming back from the summit in paris, wrote a post on facebook to explain what happened during the meeting and to make public the position of the danish government.
local relocation experts are stepping up to help expats where employers won’t 
companies in denmark are bringing in international talent but failing to support them beyond the workplace, leaving many expats isolated and struggling to integrate. organizations like settle in denmark and homestead denmark are stepping in to fill the gap. 
the guide to denmark’s 2025 public holidays, school vacations, and celebrations
public holidays are days when most workplaces, schools, and government offices are closed. many stores may also have limited opening hours or be closed entirely. school vacations vary slightly by municipality. besides official public holidays and school vacations, denmark has several special observance days that are widely recognized but not official days off for everyone.
greenland, danish life science, and the future of us-danish relations
no single country is more important for danish life science than the us and consequently, we are of course vulnerable, writes david zepernick, director for member engagement and communication of medicon valley alliance. however, fortunately, the us is probably looking more for concessions that will make america look great than a divorce


connect club is your gateway to a vibrant programme of events and an international community in denmark.

27 february: exclusive guided tour at the museum of copenhagen // free admission
27 march: a guided tour of christiansborg // free admission
sign up heresubscribe to our newsletter
sign up to receive the daily post



email(required)

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.










career

graduate unemployment is much higher if you studied outside copenhagen
according to the data, graduate unemployment is 74% higher outside the capital than in copenhagen. what is the reason?
the struggles of asian women in denmark’s labour market
isha thapa unfolds her research “an analysis on the inclusivity and integration of south asian women in high-skilled jobs within the danish labor market”. thapa describes the systemic and social challenges these women face, ranging from barriers in social capital to cultural integration. 
“the retention of international labor is one of the biggest problems,” ey’s director says on integration 
in the interest of both native companies and international workers, ernst & young (ey) head of immigration rikke gahrn wolfsen recommends a change within the danish integration culture. “the retention of international labor is one of the biggest problems we’re facing at the moment,” she says.
want to advertise your job with cph post?
contact us

jobs
business & education

greenland, danish life science, and the future of us-danish relations
analysis: we need a different education system for international children in denmark
how a scandinavian company hopes to break menstruation stigmas
the educational options for internationals in denmarksubscribe to the copenhagen post
impactful reporting in danish current affairs, business, politics and culture.
get full access to all of our coverage and gain a deeper connection to life in denmark.
subscribe
sport
football: midtjylland takes on strong spanish side in the europa leaguefc copenhagen has finished winter break and is ready to take on german contenderstennis: denmark delivered the unlikely comebackgolden boy blocks all shots fired at danish fortressthings to do

7 dec: join the copenhagen post for our danish julefrokost celebration!
world-leading long-necked dinosaur skeleton unveiled in denmark
free guide: odsherred’s unesco landscapes, bronze-age history and exquisite local food scene
dyrehaven: an oasis of peace at the final s-train station

connect club is your gateway to a vibrant programme of events and an open international community in denmark.
join the club
art & culture

new documentary stirs debate in denmark and greenland 
from cirque du soleil to østre gasværk theatre: “here the game changer is who you know.”
the 10 greatest archaeological discoveries in 2024 in denmark
the lynch interviews: selene muñoz
china celebrates chinese new year, the beginning of the spring festival, and the diplomatic anniversarypodcast


the danish connection: 16 february 2025

danish originals s5 e6: tonny sørensen

what are you doing in denmark? ryanair, fastelavnsburger, bike thefts
what’s going on? take a look in our events calendar
see events
opinion

timme bisgaard munk
make denmark, the world, and reality cozy again in five steps
vivienne mckee
iceberg ahead!
emil moselund østergaard
when did we forget that climate policy is security policy?guides

christmas in denmark starts this week: a short guide
5 autumn holiday attractions an hour from copenhagen
the ultimate guide to danish dairy
free guide: odsherred’s unesco landscapes, bronze-age history and exquisite local food scenepartner
discover our guide to the best online casinos without rofus restrictions at spiludenomrofus.net
explore teuton systems’ open-source linux computers designed with privacy as a priority—perfect for both personal and professional applications.

subscribe to our newsletter


email(required)

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.











newslife in denmarkbusiness & educationart & culture
newsletteradvertisejobspodcastcalendarcontact us
subscriptionmy accountterms and conditionsprivacy policy
x
facebook
instagram
linkedin



contact
the copenhagen post / the post aps
ryesgade 106a, 2. th
2100 københavn ø 
cvr: 43916181
email: support@cphpost.dk
phone: +45 7174 9394 
responsible editor in relation to ’medieansvarsloven’: jesper skeel.

we are responsible for the content and are registered with the danish press council.
© 1997-
the copenhagen post

log in






manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent



get access through your workplace and save money on your subscription


(if you are already a member, you can simply close this box.)


			x			







































