


michigan bounce house rentals - moonwalk rentals and bouncer slides for kids parties in and around southeastern michigan

























































 
 
 x 





 



























help links:

about
faqs
contact






















all



















free delivery, setup & removal to southeastern michigan & surrounding communities





check availabilityand get pricing













toggle navigation




menu



home

bouncers 

bounce houses
combo bouncers



slides 

water slides
dry slides



interactives 

interactive inflatables
obstacle courses



party extras 


tables & chairs


concessions


more stuff




packages


my cart




































updated cancellation policy - effective as of 03/16/2020














































































welcome to michigan bounce house rentals!
      
welcome to michigan
        bounce house rentals! we are southeast michigan's choice for inflatable fun! with hundreds of
        inflatables to
        choose from, we're sure to have something for everyone! whether you're throwing a backyard birthday
        party, or huge school carnival, michigan bounce house rentals has that special piece to make for a memorable
        event! choose from a large variety of inflatable bounce houses, water slides, interactive games, concession
        machines and so much more!







discover the awesome difference
making your reservation at michigan bounce house rentals is easier than ever with our new
          online
          ordering system. simply click the "order by date" button below and enter your event date and
          times.
          then as you browse all the categories and items, you will be presented with those products that are
          available
          one selected date. this is the fastest way to get exactly what you want, when you want it. like us on
          facebook, and get access to valuable coupon codes.
not ready to start a reservation? no problem, sometimes we want to look around a bit. as you
          browse through all the categories and products, you can also click the "add to cart" button
          located
          on every product page. this will allow you to build your event rental as you go. while browsing the site
          you
          can always go back and review your shopping cart by clicking the "my cart" link at the top of
          every
          page. booking online; easy as one, two, three!
reserve online now!











michigan's best events!
large inflatable selectiongreat theme selectionsfun for all agesprofessional
            event
            planners









explore michigan bounce house rentals





 


bounce houses
if you're looking for a bounce house rental in canton or surrounding areas,
              you've
              come to the right place, the best bounce house rentals in michigan. for the most fun in awesome bounce
              is
              the answer. see them all now!read
              more







 


combo bouncers
rent michigan's most popular inflatables with one of our bounce and slide combos.
              these
              awesome bouncers not only have the popular bounce house, but you'll get additonal exciting
              features
              like climb & slides and more!read
              more










 


water slides
what better way to add the "cool factor" to your event than with one of our
              exciting water slide? voted kid's favorite in canton! awesome bounce detroit also has bounce &
              slide combos that are approved for water use.read more







 


tents tables & chairs
when you're responsible for planning the celebration, make sure everyone gets a seat
              at
              the table with our table and chair rentals. we have a large selection of table styles and settings
              that
              makes planning easy.read more










 


fun foods & more!
we offer a variety of concessions and fun food machines to enhance your party or event
              experience. all food machines are throroughly cleaned and sanitized between each rental. easy to use
              and
              ready to go!read more







 


party packages
here are some of our most popular party packages. it's sort of like a "party in
              a
              box" with minimal time, energy and thinking required, but maximum bang-for-the-buck savings! give
              us
              a call and we'll build one for you!read
              more












our customers say the darnedest things...


these guys are amazing!!! they made everything very easy from booking to delivery to
              pick
              up. i highly recommend them for your next party for your kid's. best price in town.
weichung h. canton, mi


great service, love these guys, so helpful and nice. will definitely be using them
              again!
            
sivia w. livonia, mi


what a great company! my son had "the best birthday ever!" . all the kids
              were
              exhausted from all the fun they had.
kimberly b. plymouth, mi


great company, fair prices and amazing service.... we have rented bouncers from
              michigan
                bounce house rentals every year for the 6 years and have always been satisfied with the
              product
              quality and service. the best customer services ever!
            
serge m. dearborn, mi


fantastic service, great selection of products. we were able to find a nintendo bounce
              house here when nobody else had one. i recommend calling these guys first.
stem lite, canton, mi


great company, used them for the 4th of july. on time, polite, friendly and easy to
              deal
              with. my wife's stress level was at an all-time low, thank you
              michigan
                bounce house rentals!
            
brett g. westland, mi






















michigan party rentals
phone: 800-226-8623
email: michiganbouncehouserentals@gmail.com













customer service information





discounts


customer reviews


contact us






employment


frequent questions


about us


popular links









  powered by event rental systems 






©
               michigan bounce house rentals, llc. all rights reserved.


powered by eventrentalsystems



web design by spider web development





















