   antiques, collectibles, and ebay tips on iwantcollectibles.com              antiques collectibles and ebay tips  recently added antiques, collectibles and ebay articlesthese articles originally appeared in the iwantcollectibles newsletter. sign up in the blue box on the left. when you confirm your subscription, i'll send you an email with links to all the free reports available here on iwantcollectibles.com. you'll also get emails about specific topics with links to relevant articles.  ~~~ ebay managed payments follow upafter 22 years of selling on ebay i'm done. in 2019, i paid ebay $19.986 in fees. additionally, i spent $25,474 on postage through the ebay label system. i also paid paypal $6685. ebay decided they wanted the money i was paying paypal. i decided it's time to go fishing. here's the story. . .  ebay managed payments review i've been on managed payments for three months now. if you haven't signed up yet, don't. ebay gave me money because i waited. maybe they'll give you some? this article also has a review of the features and hassles. even a loophole where you can avoid ebay fees.   dealing with abusive ebay buyers. i've written before about bad ebay buyers. this is a common topic between ebay sellers. it seems like every week i get someone being crazy. today, i tend to find these buyers entertaining rather than irritating. this article has some tips for dealing with these people. getting repeat ebay buyersrepeat buyers are less likely to cause problems, are easier to deal with and because they are comfortable with you, are likely to spend more money. here are a few things you can do to get more repeat ebay buyers.  the iwantcollectibles guide to ebay salesare you getting top dollar in your auctions?  are you new to ebay and want to get started the right way?  the iwantcollectibles guide to ebay sales is for you. ebay protections for buyers and sellersebay provides protections for buyers and sellers. this article contains a stories about ebay sales gone awry to explain how these protections work from a seller's point of view.  ebay sniper program reviewsniping auctions is when you wait until the last few seconds of an auction to bid. being an auction sniper can save you considerable money because you don't have to worry about another bidder coming in and bidding the auction up. this article covers snipeing and reviews sniper programs. updated feb. 2020.  you are missing out on ebay fee creditslast month i found out i'd been overpaying ebay most months. actually, i'd been eligable for fee credits, but never requested them. you are probably in the same position. while it took an ebay suspension for me to learn this, you can learn quickly and easily by reading this short article.lowering ebay shipping costs and problemssome general notes and advice about saving money on ebay shipping. this article will help you waste less money on shipping. ebay seller update fall 2018ebay just announced the fall 2018 ebay seller update. this article looks at how the changes will effect sellers, and explains how to work within them to keep sales up, and costs down. improving cross sales and surviving ebay summer 2018 changesevery year in june ebay makes changes to searches and categories that make it harder for buyers to find your items. after a few weeks the buyers will figure out work arounds or just stop buying on ebay. here's some inforation to help you survive the changes. a few quick buying storiesthis article has 11 short stories about buying antiques and collectibles. each has a simple lesson to help you become a better purchaser of used items for resale or your collection. 11main.com is doomed - a reviewin february 2014,  vendio announced a new auction site - 11main. vendio provides tools for ebay sellers, and runs a huge auction site in mainland china, so this should be a good competitor.  i signed up back then, and have been keeping notes over the past 5 months about what i've done. in june, i examined the site and decided to stop wasting my time.ebay auction sales down?due to the recent hack of ebay, and the requirement that users change their passwords, many buyers are having problems bidding. this means auction results are down. ebay has announced they will allow sellers to cancel auctions - even ended auctions without penalty. this article has more information. some observations on my 2013 ebay effortwhile doing my taxes, i started thinking about last year's results. this article just has some quick lessons based on my results.  the fixed price trapare you caught in the fixed price trap? this article explains how ebay sellers damage their businesses by falling into the fixed price trap, and some suggestions for avoiding the trap. how to have negative feedback removed for under $500an ohio ebay seller named med_express_sales has found an innovative way to get negative and neutral feedback removed. this article explains how they get buyers to remove or alter feedback. how to write ebay descriptions that sellmany of us have mastered the basics of selling on ebay. we know how to take pictures, we know how to list items with simple descriptions, and in the past this was good enough. to compete today we need to write better descriptions and titles to stand out from the clutter. how ebay best match search worksknowing how best match search works is important because it's the default search method on ebay, and if you do something that lowers your listing's visibility, people won't ever even see your title, much less your description.buying on craigslist? here's some resources. . .links to free websites that will help you master craigslist. these will help you if you're buying or selling used merchandise.     "the iwantcollectibles guide to ebay sales"  is now available for immediate download.      many of the articles and free reports here on iwantcollectibles were originally sent to readers of my antiques and ebay newsletter. not all articles make it onto the website, and readers also get notices of free reports and special offers.    most popular articles on iwantcollectibles  finding products to sell on ebay                             how to find products to sell on ebay is the most common question i get from my readers. this page has links to all the articles and reports i've written about finding ebay products. how to be an antique dealer                             the best way to start an antiques or collectibles business. part 1 of a five part series on being an antiques dealer.  understanding ebay changes 2011                             this page covers ebay changes and has links to all articles on iwantcollectibles about working within the changes. sign up for my free newsletter for articles covering new changes as they are announced. tips for starting an ebay consignment business                             selling on consignment is the perfect way to start on ebay. this article is an introduction to consignment selling, and explains what you'll need to be successful. first in a series on ebay consignment. shopping for ebay products at garage sales                             thirteen tips for garage sale shopping. part one of a two part series on garage and yard sales.   finding new products for ebay                           if you want to sell new products you need to concentrate on items others are not selling. you need to find sources other sellers are unaware of. that is not hard to do.  here's a list of articles to get you started on the right path.    ebay auction category, title and keyword advice                            a series of articles about getting your items found on ebay. covers category selection, ebay keyword rules, and researching keywords. finally you'll learn how to write an informative, keyword rich title.     


iwantcollectibles home


the iwantcollectibles guide to ebay sales
is now available for immediate download.


free antiques and ebay newsletter
 
get 9 free ebay ebooks
free emailed newsletter includes free ebooks, interviews with ebay sellers, and helpful articles. you can unsubscribe at any time. 










name: 


email:  



more newsletter information



ebay questions and answers
about 
terry gibbs.


contact terry

free ebay ebooks



  ebay advice antiques advice  antiques and ebay reports  

antiques articles

how to sell antiques on ebay

learning antiques values

how to be an antique dealer

a few quick buying stories 

resources for buying on craigslist

search craigslist across cities and categories

how to sell antiques

how to learn about antiques

how to act at antiques shows

selling at antique shows versus on ebay

7 habits of successful antiques dealers

tools of a successful antiques dealer

finding ebay keywords for antiques

"storage wars" and mini storage auction tips

should you be selling with fullfillment by amazon too?

sorting antiques to sell them

avoiding common mistakes made by collectors and dealers
are you an expert on collectibles?

27 ways to find antiques to sell on ebay

buying antiques at garage sales



antiques reports

finding
profitable hidden bargains at garage sales

get into estate sales early for the best deals

negotiating when buying antiques and collectibles

how to sell at antiques shows and flea markets

buy collectibles with terry's proven strategies

learn how to spot fakes, frauds, and forgeries

start your own ebay consignment business

buying antiques and collectibles in stores and malls




ebay articles

finding products to sell on ebay

what to sell on ebay?

how ebay's best match search works

how to sell on ebay for beginners

the drop shipping myth explained

dealing with ebay changes 2018

overcoming common ebay seller frustrations

27 ways to find antiques to sell on ebay

advice for writing and selling ebooks on ebay

selling antiques on ebay

using facebook and pinterest to promote ebay auctions

tips for starting an ebay consignment business

ebay title tips

selling at antique shows versus on ebay

buying ebay products at yard sales

finding ebay products at garage sales

23 tips for taking better ebay pictures

finding wholesale products to sell on ebay

how to use ebay listing upgrades and options efficiently

does an ebay store make sense for you?

minimizing ebay fees

19 ways to quickly improve your ebay auctions

ebay's detailed seller ratings reexamined

the fixed price listing trap

finding ebay keywords for old items

adding youtube videos to your ebay auctions


commonly used ebay abbreviations

how to drive traffic to ebay auctions and websites

selecting the best category and keywords for your ebay auction

finding ebay products by finding people

identifying ebay products people want

signing up people for your ebay consignment services

motivating ebay auction visitors to bid
getting started selling on ebay
ebay keyword rules explained
how to add free pictures to ebay
ebay selling tips
free ebay shipping calculator
shipping advice for ebay sellers
ebay packing with paper

ebay arbitrage profits
figuring ebay consignment fees

how to have negative feedback removed for under $500 

finding antiques and collectibles to sell on ebay


ebay reports

setting your ebay business up for growth

start your own ebay consignment business

finding profitable ebay niches

finding
profitable hidden bargains at garage sales

finding wholesale products to sell on ebay

secret ebay product sources

selling public domain items on ebay



bmo harris mortgage brokers lie

the resentful consumer



  

© copyright 2001-2024 terry gibbs
 and iwantcollectibles llc
iwc llc po box 34, higley, az 85236


  