




frugal gambler store




















































































































 





 





 





 





 




 






 
 
 


 



jean scott is best known for encouraging 
    smarter casino gambling. you may have already seen her, as she has often 
    appeared on tv in prime time and cable tv specials, especially on the travel 
    channel. dan rather dubbed her "the queen of comps" on 48 hours. dateline 
    nbc followed jean through the casinos, filming her strategies for playing 
    the right games and maximizing comps (short for complimentaries, those 
    freebies handed out by casinos).
jean does not offer any "magic bullets” 
    for successful gambling. she does not offer some easy-sounding system or any 
    concepts that go against proven mathematical facts. what she does offer is 
    sound gambling advice based on her 20 years of experience in casinos. her 
    down-to-earth practical suggestions will save you both time and money in 
    your quest to make your time in the casino more fun and more profitable.
but it is best for jean to speak for herself…
"hi, i'm jean scott, and welcome to my frugal virtual 
    store. my books and frugal-approved products are designed to help you 
    stretch your entertainment time in the casino. i cannot guarantee that you 
    will always win, but i can help you lose less and win more in the long term.

    "my book, the 
    frugal gambler, introduces you to the basics of smarter 
    casino gambling and details how to get more back from your play by choosing 
    better games and using the slot club and comp systems. my second book, 
more frugal gambling, 
    is a sequel that continues where the first one left off so there are many 
    more techniques to help you stretch your entertainment time in a casino.  
    the audio cassette, 
how to get comps 
    at a casino, discusses many of the key principles of 
    smart gambling.  tax help for the frugal gambler covers all the subjects 
    that face gamblers when they think about their tax situation. bonuses are 
    such a big part of gambling experience, and the book mainly discusses this topic
    from the perspective of american gambler. internet is full of up-to-date advice
    if you are looking for, say, polish online casinos (see here) or perhaps some 
    other smaller country.

    "the frugal video poker 
    software, developed by jim wolf, is the most complete video poker tutorial 
    resource on the market today.

    "frugal 
    video poker strategy cards by skip hughes, are pocket-sized 
    video poker charts that you will actually want to take to the casino. if 
    blackjack is your game, then check out the 
ultimate blackjack 
    strategy cards by don schlesinger.

    "the 
    card-it slot card wallet and 
winners 
    bank200 are two new gaming products i really like.  the first 
    one is something that will help you get organized.  the second one may help 
    you bring more money home from the casino!

    "the 
frugal calendar is updated 
    regularly with a schedule of television, radio, and personal appearances. 
    you can go to the 
photo album if you want to know what 
    brad and i looked like back when we were younger!

    "the more you study, the luckier you will be!"















 


 
 
 





 






service/ 
    support/ sales




problem gambling


