





welcome to tee zed products – growing safely































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footer



about us

mission statementthe story so far…csr & estee-zed products ethical sourcing policy
blog

in the media
online storescareersknowledge baseproduct registration

international product registrationusa product registration
contactthrough our brands, we aim to provide the highest level of care and safety for children and petstee-zed products is a company that has proudly made its mark in over 100 countries, through an extensive network of not only distributors, but our own operations in australia, new zealand, uk and usa. through our brands, we aim to provide the highest level of care and safety for children, pets and the elderly, among others. our goal is to help make life simpler and safer and we achieve this through our comprehensive range of over 1500 market-leading products.
our brands include dreambaby® child safety products, bindaboo® pet gates and accessories, magic mounts® picture hanging solutions, right@home® safety products for the elderly, my!office® safety solutions for the workplace, and tee-zed’s licensed lighting and home decor which includes children’s favourite disney® characters, barbie®, the wiggles® and many more.
welcome to the tee-zed flagship brand, dreambaby®. dreambaby® home safety experts have thought of everything when it comes to helping keep your family safe. whether you’re in the kitchen, bathroom or living room, in the car, out for a walk, there’s a beautifully designed product that will give you extra peace of mind and make your life more convenient.

to see the full dreambaby® range, please select the dreambaby® site closest to you:

dreambaby® – australia
dreambaby® – new zealand
dreambaby® – united kingdom
dreambaby® – united states of americawelcome to bindaboo®. bindaboo® safety gates and pet beds are designed to create happy homes for four-legged family members. our safety gates make it easy to keep pets and children apart when necessary and block off areas of your home that pose a risk to animals. our luxury pet beds are the ultimate way to spoil your furry friends with the comfort they deserve.

to see the full bindaboo® range, please select the bindaboo® site closest to you:

bindaboo® – australia
bindaboo® – new zealand
bindaboo® – united kingdom
bindaboo® – united states of america@natasha.wilton – instagram mentionmarch 3, 2020read moremums deliveryfebruary 8, 2018many parents chose to install pressure-mounted child safety gates rather than hardware mounted ones as a way of...read morefinding myself youngfebruary 7, 2018"bath time fun for everyone" read toni's review of our premium deluxe bath seat - available in pink...read moremore articlesfootertee-zed australia
tee-zed products pty ltd
 level 3, 282 oxford street, bondi junction, nsw, 2022, australia
 +61 (2) 9386 4000


tee-zed united states
tee-zed products, llc
 5500 adams farm lane
suite 200, greensboro,
nc,  usa, 27407
 +1 (336) 454 5716


tee-zed united kingdom
tee-zed products ltd
 unit 4 liberty house business centre
15 cromarty campus, rosyth, fife
scotland, ky11 2yb
 +44 (0) 844 800 9445


tee-zed new zealand
tee-zed products (n.z.) ltd
 po box 64013
botany town centre, auckland,
new zealand, 2016
 +64 (9) 274 8788



copyright © 2025 tee-zed products















