


cobbler's cottage - cottages of eureka











98 south main, eureka springs, ar 72632
			phone: 479.244.6919    email us



rates   |   
			policies   |   
			contact us   |   
			home






 built in 1886, this courtyard cottage is in the heart of eureka springs? historic downtown. step out the front door and relax on the porch while gazing upon the 100 year old stone walls and colorful gardens. in the hush of early morning or at dusk, expect a visit from our family of deer. 
the cobbler?s cottage is one of the oldest homes in historic eureka springs and was the recipient of three 1994 excellence in restoration awards. this charming dwelling offers a winning combination of quaint charm and contemporary luxury. 
the cobblers has two floors with a bedroom on each, both with queen size beds. one bedroom is located upstairs in a romantic, secluded loft. the bath upstairs includes a jacuzzi for two.
on the ground level there is a sitting room with a comfortable couch and other seating, cable tv/vcr and a vaulted ceiling with a ceiling fan. just beyond is a dining nook with a booth beautifully made from old church pews. around the corner is the kitchen area with a microwave, coffee maker and refrigerator. the kitchen is complete with drinking glasses & wine glasses, coffee cups, a set of china, silverware and napkins.
the second bedroom and a bath with a shower are located past the dining and kitchen areas. the entire cottage is decorated in antiques and other appointments of the period.



amenities


coffee & tea selection

cider and hot chocolate (in season)


popcorn

well appointed linens


cable tv with vcr

trolley depot one block


outdoor seating on front porch

 
                

private off street parking



 we are always delighted to fulfill special requests, such as
                  champagne, wine, floral arrangements, chocolates and carriage
                  rides. if you have a wish, we do our best to make it come true
                  at cobblers.






rates   |   
			policies   |   
			contact us   |   
			home











