




rationalwiki



























2025 rationalwiki 'oregon plan' fundraiser
there is no rationalwiki without you. we are a small non-profit with no staff—we are hundreds of volunteers who document pseudoscience and crankery around the world every day. we will never allow ads because we must remain independent. we cannot rely on big donors with corresponding big agendas. we are not the largest website around, but we believe we play an important role in defending truth and objectivity.


fighting pseudoscience isn't free.we are 100% user-supported! help and donate $5, $10, $20 or whatever you can today with !


donations so far: $2973.89goal: $10000



main page

from rationalwiki



jump to navigation
jump to search


welcome to rationalwiki!









about rationalwiki



our purpose here at rationalwiki includes:

analyzing and refuting pseudoscience and the anti-science movement;
documenting the full range of crank ideas;
explorations of authoritarianism and fundamentalism;
analysis and criticism of how these subjects are handled in the media.
we welcome contributors, and encourage those who disagree with us to register and engage in constructive dialogue.
we have 8,061 articles for your enjoyment.



random featured article[what is this?]


autism omnibus trial
 chemical structure of thiomersal. the large, light grey atom is the dreaded "hg".
on june 11, 2007, the us court of federal claims opened hearings on what has been dubbed the autism omnibus trial. this omnibus trial stems from over 4,800 lawsuits filed by families claiming that thiomersal contained in earlier vaccinations and the measles in the mumps-measles-rubella (mmr) vaccine played a causal role in the development of autism in their children. the case concluded in february 2009, ruling that the plaintiffs who claimed mmr and thiomersal-containing vaccines caused autism were not entitled to compensation.
this article discusses many of the aspects of the cases as well as the evidence presented.



participate in rationalwiki



rationalwiki portal:
see our guide for newcomers!
a brief history of rationalwiki...
share how you found rationalwiki!
for general chatter that doesn't fit anywhere else, the saloon bar is the place to go.
essay portal:
essays written by individual users covering a wide range of subjects. comment on the talk pages or write your own.
debate portal:
informal debates covering political and philosophical issues. participate freely or start your own.
writing articles:
read up on what a rationalwiki page is and our community standards.
take a look at the help pages if you're having trouble.
we also keep a list of useful links.
our to do list is where we pile up ideas for articles. see if anything piques your interest!






featured content


need to know what is going on? we present regularly updated selections of the finest lunacy the internet has to offer. participate in the dialogue.
what is going on...




…in the world?(talk) "actual" "news" from the "real world."



…in the blogosphere?(talk) quality blog posts, editorials, videos, and social media activities that relate to rationalwiki's mission.



…in the clogosphere?(talk) craziness from the clogged-up fringes of the internet.



…with the elections?(talk) news about elections from around the world.



…at rationalwiki?(*hic*) our own main back-page.


portals and articles[see more content]




science • proof • nasa • haarp • brain • science was wrong before • james hansen • the dose makes the poison • faq on radioactivity and nuclear technology • great man theory • a comparative guide to science denial



logic • argument from authority • quote mining • not as bad as • science was wrong before • deepity • loaded language • credentialism • poe's law • logical fallacy • nazi analogies



atheism • new atheism • antitheism • secular humanism • agnosticism • the god delusion • pascal's wager • his dark materials • russell's teapot • sophisticated theology • secular religions



creationism • intelligent design • expelled: leader's guide • evidence against a recent creation • baraminology • nomoresecrets/flatearthsanbox • user flatearthrestructuretest • how come there are still monkeys? • islamicawakening.com • banana argument • richard lenski



pseudoscience • non-materialist neuroscience • intelligent design • alt-right glossary • nomoresecrets/flatearthsanbox • biological determinism • climategate • creationism • banana argument • covid-19 pandemic • jordan peterson



conspiracy • pizzagate • 9/11 • anti-vaccination movement • holocaust denial • protochronism • war on christmas • conspiracy theory • moon landing hoax • 2021 u.s. coup attempt • gamergate



denialism • leakegate • nationalism in history textbooks • climate change • covid-19 denialism • stalin apologetics • uyghur genocide • a comparative guide to science denial • nation of islam • 2020 united states presidential election • flat earth



paranormal • ghost hunters • seán manchester • near-death experience • zombies • deliverance ministry • vampire • craig weiler • exorcism • steve quayle • dream interpretation



politics • coup d'état • geert wilders • party for freedom • reformed political party • silvio berlusconi • universal health care • single transferable vote • soviet union • anti-intellectualism • zionism







retrieved from "https://rationalwiki.org/w/index.php?title=main_page&oldid=2666096"
hidden category: pages using dynamicpagelist parser tag



navigation menu




personal tools




not logged intalkcontributionscreate accountlog in






namespaces




main pagetalk






variants












views




readview sourcefossil record






more









search



















navigation




main pagerecent changesrandom pagenew pagesall logshelp





support




donate





community




saloon barto do listwhat is going on?best of rationalwikiabout rationalwikitechnical supportmod noticeboardrmf noticeboard





social media




twittermastodonfacebookdiscordreddit





tools




what links hererelated changesspecial pagesprintable versionpermanent linkpage information





in other languages




русский






 this page was last edited on 4 august 2024, at 12:18.
unless explicitly noted otherwise, all content licensed as indicated by rationalwiki:copyrights.  for concerns on copyright infringement please see: rationalwiki:copyright violations


privacy policy
about rationalwiki
disclaimers








