












maryvale institute - international catholic college































 
 
 

 









  


  





menu mobile






about 




news 


january 2025 newsletter
discover the ‘light’; deepen your faith in 2025
academic forum: 19th february 2025, 6.00pm - all welcome
academic forum: 21st october 2024, 6.00pm - all welcome
exciting developments at maryvale
enrolling for autumn 2024
academic forum: 20th june 2024, 6.00pm - all welcome
celebrating research by maryvale students: 4th volume now as paperback
new book from maryvale staff
academic forum: 15th february 2024, 6.00pm - all welcome
broadcasting this autumn: maryvale academics on radio maria england
new book from maryvale academic
maryvale: sacred heart novena 2023
***new postal address for maryvale institute***
maryvale graduation: congratulations to the class of '22
dean of maryvale delivers paper to vatican catechesis conference
papal blessing for maryvale catechesis conference
newman's plea is fulfilled at maryvale


calendar
donate to maryvale


general 


history and heritage




place of study 


distance learning
testimonials


services to diocese


staff profiles 


academic staff
associate staff
support staff


vision and mission




community 


st jh newman
sacred heart
catholic heritage




current students 


calendar
library
moodle
regulations and policies
research centre

research centre staff
activities

research area
smile
turnitin




courses delivered 




undergraduate studies 


ba (hons) philosophy and the catholic tradition
ecclesiastical bachelor of divinity




postgraduate studies 


licence in catechetics
ma in catholic studies


research studies
accessibility
course fees
about distance learning
partnerships
regulations and policies


contact

   









 

 






×
search






























“ i want a laity ...who know their religion...  who know just where they stand...  who know their creed so well that they  can give an account of it. i want an  intelligent, well-instructed laity. ”    ...st john henry newman



“ these have been the most  informative and enjoyable lectures  i have experienced in a long life  of attending lectures. ”  ... bdiv student



“  your formation will lead you  to share your faith and bring  others to experience the  great mysteries you have tried  to penetrate in your study, ”



“ maryvale has pioneered distance   learning at pre-graduate and   post-graduate level for many who   would not otherwise be able to afford   or maintain a course of study. ”



“be encouraged to cast further  into the theological  deep, so you will realise the  openness and infinite nature   of your call to study and  be formed by the very    person you seek to study ”  ...bishop robson





 
 





over 30 years’ experience in part-time, distance learning in catholic theological studies




 







latest news:   newsletter: oscott, academic activities, maryvale@stmary's...
latest news:   enrolling now: discover the ‘light’: deepen your faith in 2025...
latest news:   public lecture: the rights of the indigenous people in new spain, 19 february 2025 6pm
latest news:   news: exciting developments at maryvale...
latest news:   news: maryvale student research published in paperback...
latest news:   news: new book by research academic
latest news:   streaming: maryvale academics on radio maria england...
latest news:   news: new book by bdiv academic




latest news:   maryvale research: dean delivers paper to vatican conference...

latest news:   papal blessing for maryvale conference...






 









latest news
for all the latest news on maryvale courses and events...
                    read more
 



current courses

maryvale currently runs a range of undergraduate and postgraduate theology and philosophy courses in partnership with both faculté notre-dame de paris and st mary's university, twickenham...
                    
read more
 



find maryvale
once home to st john henry newman, maryvale institute is an international catholic college, located at the heart of the archdiocese of birmingham (uk), which offers distance-learning courses to students all over the world.
                    
read more
 










history of maryvale
maryvale has been in catholic hands since the middle ages.  formerly 'oscott house', it came to the church in 1702 at the bequest of father andrew bromwich. from 1794 to 1838 it was the home of oscott college, the first seminary to open in england after the reformation...
                
read more


 




newman at maryvale
offered to him and his community in 1845 by bishop nicholas wiseman, st john henry newman adopted oscott house (maryvale) as his first catholic home the following year. he went on to establish the english oratory at maryvale...
                
read more


 




contact us
all the information you need about contacting and travelling to maryvale, along with contact forms to make general enquiries or to request course information...
                
read more


 















learn more about  st john henry newman'slinks to maryvale...





the maryvale journal by shalom tv (2017)




 








contact us
cathedral house - maryvale institute,
                   st chad’s queensway,
                    birmingham,
                    b4 6eu,uk.
send an email


quick links

about us
community
current students
courses delivered
contact us

privacy statement
moodle
research centre
research student area
turnitin portal



external links

birmingham archdiocese

catholic bishops' conference
la faculté notre-dame
the holy see
liverpool hope university
newman university
open university
oscott college
















link to maryvale institute twitter feed

 follow us on twitter
                 

link to maryvale institute facebook page

 follow us on facebook




 



© maryvale institute 2023 - maryvale institute is part of the birmingham diocesan trust, reg'd charity no. 234216
design by twothirds|design
















