





parenting and pregnancy articles & resources at theparentsite!


























mondayfebruary 17, 2025

















welcome!
thanks for stopping by! here you will find interesting 
pregnancy and 
parenting articles, informative resources, 
crafts,
family fun 
ideas, free ecards, 
baby names,
shopping,
books and so much more! if you have anything you 
would like to add, any comments or suggestions, please don't hesitate to
contact us!
we hope you like the new look of the site! the parent site will be transferring over to this format a section at a time.
please let us know if you find any broken links, images or errors by sending us a quick note! thanks so much and we hope you like the new look!







quote:cheap pandora charms
your children will become what you are; so be what you want them to be.
? david bly
have you 
signed up for our weekly newsletter yet? tpsnews is now sent in 
    html format. easy to read so you'll never miss a beat!
message boards
parenting
pregnancy
free for parents
books
music
free e-cards
baby names
birthday club
posters
birth stories
due date calculator
family fun
shopping
tpsnews
your baby today
 






the parent site supports 
moms in business!










    
login to your email account!




articles & information
parenting:


family history of seasonal allergies?
    my friend's pediatrician advised her not to give her daughter eggs until she 
    was a year old, and peanuts until she was at least three due to a family 
    history of seasonal allergies. is this sound advice or is he being overly 
    cautious?
get the answer from pediatric nutrition expert william klish, m.d.. ?
family fun:

clay pot turkey
        this little turkey is quite simple to make. the cost is minimal and he 
        makes a great table decoration or hostess gift for thanksgiving dinner!
image and directions ?

printable alphabet and numbers
        a set of letters and numbers that you can print on your printer. they 
        are outlined only, ready for coloring for the kids!
more ?
pregnancy:


second trimester doctor visits
be prepared for your second-trimester doctor visits with our guide to the tests 
and procedures you'll be undergoing..


 
shopping
looking for baby stuff? maternity? gifts? 
kitchen? maybe even a new computer? you'll find many links to great merchants 
listed here in our shopping area.

toys, gifts and games for babies, 
tots and youngsters
sometimes it is so hard to choose toys for our children. these are some of our 
favorites! taken into consideration are creativity, learning, fun, value and of 
course durability! suggestions come from real moms with babies, tots and 
youngsters!
by using the links here to do your online 
shopping, you are helping to support the parent site! thanks to you all who have 
used our links in the past!












favorite books






brown bear, brown bear, what do you see?
by bill martin jr., eric carle
after all these years, still a favorite with my 
children.

? 

read more



contribute

december holidays
we are gearing up for the holidays! send in your favorite crafts, recipes, 
traditions and anything else relating to the december holiday season. christmas, 
hanukkah or kwanzaa, we'd love to share!

birth stories
would you like to share your birth story with us? we are looking for more birth 
stories to add to our collection. feel free to send yours in for consideration.
if you have any interesting parenting or pregnancy stories to tell, we would 
love to hear from you. we are always looking for recipes, crafts and any other 
content that may be suitable for the site. send 
an email for more info or fill 
out our article submission form.




















subscribe to our newsletter


*e-mail:



first name:



 








































 web
theparentsite























advertise on
the parent site
click here
for information









theparentsite.com 1999-2004 all rights reserved
disclaimer
privacy policy
credits
contact
advertise














