



	customized & embroidered name tapes for the u.s. military, police, & civilians - 1800nametape 





























shopping cartyou have items: 0 items in your shopping cart.

home
about us
login
order status
contact us













air forceall terrain tigerarmya-tacscadet programsclose out coast guardcustom name tapesdefense forcesdog tagsengraved name platesflagshelmet bandshelp hook & loopinfrarediron-onkey chainskrypteklaw enforcementleather flight badgeslinksmagnetsmarinesmedicalmilitary police multicamnavyprivacy policy shipping policyuniform accessoriesusnsccusphs




founded in 1969, spur has grown to become one of the top providers of regulation military uniform name tapes for the u.s. military around the world. we provide custom nametapes for all branches  of the service including the u.s. air force, army, navy, marines, coast guard, national guard and more.we have the best prices and offer quick order turn around and stand behind our products and services.order online or call us at 1-800-626-3827! 

what's new?
plastic name plate - agsu brown - army
package - midf 7 color ocp w/ hookpackage - txsg 7 color ocp w/ hookqualification badge - air force 3 color ocp - security forces id - w/hook
full color army patches ocp 3 color name tapes
usmc heat transfers with new and improved adhesion please like and follow us on facebook!
 1800nametape.com




today's specials











name tapes - w/ hook

price: $4.25







			custom color name tapes with many thread options.  most tapes are 1 inch in width and some are 1 1/4 inch in width.  the tapes come with hook backing.
please note:  this chart is for reference only.  actual color may vary.
		  








name tape - 5" brown on ocp 3 color w/ hook

price: $3.75







			usaf regulation embroidered ocp name tapes with spice brown and hook backing. the tapes are 5 inches in length are worn on ocp uniforms.
		  
























					your cart is empty.












home  about us  login  order status  contact us
©2025 spur name tapes, all rights reserved.














