







        american academy of orthopaedic surgeons aaos
    




























































join aaos


aaos store


for patients & public











search











login


create account

























annual meeting


education

resident orthopaedic core knowledge (rock)
examination center & resstudy
maintenance of certification & cme
online learning products
orthopaedic video theater
live & virtual courses
learning innovation lab
webinars
education by specialty area
resources for residents
dea education requirements
all education resources



publications

jaaos collection
aaos now
clinical orthopaedics & related research
techniques journals
the bone & joint journal
aaos book collection
all journals, books & news



quality & practice management

coding, reimbursement & practice management
clinical practice guidelines
biologics
patient-reported outcome measures
healthcare safety resources
research resources
career center
all quality programs & practice resources



registries

about the registry program
learn about participation
current participant resources
for industry partners
contact the registry team
registryinsights® login



advocacy

advocacy action center
issues
the orthopaedic pac
state advocacy
advocacy news
position statements
get involved
all advocacy activities



membership

about aaos membership
become a member
member resources
volunteer opportunities
my aaos
pay membership dues
member of the month
member advantage program



about aaos

meet the aaos
leadership & governance
ethics & professionalism
disclosures
aaos policies
volunteer at aaos
diversity & belonging
awards program
corporate engagement
newsroom
the bone beat orthopaedic podcast channel
brand resource center
for patients & public
join the aaos team













last chance! don't miss your aaos 2025 moment.  register now.
                    








we will be performing site maintenance on aaos.org on february 18th, 2025, from 8:00 am – 9:00 am cst, which may cause sitewide downtime. we apologize for the inconvenience.

















aaos 2025 is coming soon



register today and book special hotel rates before they end on feb. 18. your moment awaits!




register today






quick access










claim cme or access transcript






my online learning access






jaaos






the bone beat orthopaedic podcast channel












examination center & resstudy






orthopaedic video theater






orthoinfo - patient education






biologics dashboard












clinical practice guidelines






career center






orthopaedic calendar






rock


















                bigger, bolder, unmissable: the exhibit hall awaits!
            

                get ready for new events, 600+ exhibitors, thrilling demos, and endless discoveries — this year’s hall is like never before!
            













                modernizing governance
            

                aaos is proposing changes to ensure it can face the challenges ahead in serving members, patients, and the profession.
            











                sponsored video
            

                considering an in-office mri? we are in your corner
            

                see the video of the successful mri project for our physician clients in steamboat springs, co.
            













featured








                test yourself! 2025 special interest exams and oite now available
            

                explore new foot & ankle, pediatrics, and fundamentals (10 sae each) and orthopaedic in-training exam (20 sae) today.
            




what's new





don’t miss orthopitch in san diego on march 11! watch finalists pitch innovative products and help pick the winner live!






explore registry insights through posters, presentations, and more at aaos annual meeting. view schedule.






don’t miss out! become an aaos international member before applications pause on feb. 28th!






new cpg infographic: prevention of total hip and knee arthroplasty periprosthetic joint when undergoing dental procedures






introducing orthoquest! complete quests, win prizes, and connect while exploring the exhibit hall! sign up now.






pay your aaos membership dues today to avoid suspension of your benefits and resources.








 
 



journals & news





jaaos - february 1, 2025: personal financial literacy for the orthopaedic trainee and early career surgeon






jaaos - february 15, 2025: the effect of social drivers of health on 90-day readmission rates and costs after primary total hip and total knee arthroplasty






aaos now – january 2025: study investigates timing of hip fracture surgery and outcomes in patients taking oral anticoagulants







cme courses & webinars





aaos orthopaedic board preparation and review course | april 15 - 19 | virtual






aaos comprehensive resident total hip & knee course: from cutting your teeth to cutting out implants| april 25 - 27 | rosemont, il






ama guides to impairment 2024: comprehensive insights into musculoskeletal evaluation part 1 | february 5 | online








shop the aaos store












                new ondemand courses available
            

                watch expert faculty discuss cases and perform surgical demos.
            













                subscribe to code-x® 2025 today
            

                you’ll receive exclusive resources and access to coding experts! 
            













                aaos 2025 ondemand
            

                save when you add ondemand to your aaos 2025 registration.
            















                learn from actual patient cases
            

                sharpen your skills and earn cme with 70+ programs across topics.
            













                unlock learning with icl360
            

                access expert video content to advance your orthopedic knowledge.
            













                spot the condition
            

                enhance your skills in identifying musculoskeletal injuries.
            






find all courses, self-assessment, cme, and more at the aaos store




corporate partners
the american academy of orthopaedic surgeons gratefully acknowledges the following companies for their financial support of aaos programs and projects throughout 2023 (in alphabetical order). learn more about partnering with aaos.
















































9400 west higgins road
rosemont, illinois 60018
phone: 847.823.7186
fax: 847.823.8125




about aaos
online learning
clinical practice guidelines
career center
find an orthopaedist
newsroom




contact us
corporate engagement
join team aaos
privacy policy
terms of use
code of conduct












download the membership app








                © 1995-2025 by the american academy of orthopaedic surgeons. "all rights reserved." this website and its contents may not be reproduced in whole or in part without written permission. "american academy of orthopaedic surgeons" and its associated seal and "american association of orthopaedic surgeons" and its logo are all registered u.s. trademarks and may not be used without written permission.
            

version: 2.0.2.25606









x













