




cornell university ergonomics web












		cornell university ergonomics web
      







ergonomics: human-centered design
  professor emeritus alan hedge retired from cornell on july 1, 2019. he still continues consulting work and research through humanuse. 

cuergo

is back by popular demand for the time being.  it has tools and information to help with the ergonomic design of workplaces, and some of this content represents information from research studies and class work
		        by students and faculty in the department of design
          and environmental analysis, now the human centered design department cornell university.

you can watch a video of a conversation with dr. mcatamney about the origins of rula here.     
you can download a transcript of the video conversation with dr. mcatamney as a .pdf file by clicking here.
click here to download additional important notes for using rula <./a> 
  
please note that this website is not being regularly updated.








news & latest developments

guides & information

research & tools










 
 
 













 cuergo     

 the web



 



  


   
		



note: 

 site contents are copyrighted. however, providing
you cite the source, you can reproduce these materials without permission
for noncommercial and educational purposes, otherwise contact professor
alan hedge. any commercial items mentioned in this
site are intended as examples and not product endorsements. please note that 
		external urls may change as websites get updated. we do not track all of 
		these changes. if you find a broken link let us know about it. if you 
		run a search to find the new url also let us know that. thanks for your 
		help.

having problems reading this page because the font is too 
		small:
most web browsers allow users to increase magnification or 
		text size by pressing ctrl + (command + on mac os) or you can change 
		font size in ie or firefox by selecting the 
'view' menu then 
		selecting "zoom" 
and choose your zoom level.





