


science facts by scienceiq.com



































astronomy
biology
chemistry
engineering
geology
mathematics
medicine
physics
science







introduction to constellations
'constellation' is the name we give to seeming patterns of starsin the night sky. 'stella' is the latin word for star and a constellation is a grouping of stars. in general, the stars in these groups are not actually close to each other in space, they just appear to be close when viewed from earth. if we could travel by spaceship to another part of ... 
continue reading...










biology
phrenology
does a bumpy head mean you're a brainy guy? in the 19th century, many people were absolutely convinced that bumps were the keys to understanding the human brain after austrian medical student, franz ... continue reading









biology
the rapid movement of the soybean rust pathogen
soybean rust, caused by the fungus phakopsora pachyrhizi, results in soybean yield losses of up to 80%. rust diseases are named for the orange powdery spores produced in leaf pustules. they are easily ... continue reading









astronomy
the first starlight
imagine being able to see our universe 14 billion years ago when it was just a baby. if we had a time machine, we could go back and watch how its infant features emerged after the big bang. there are ... continue reading









engineering
hollywood to the rescue
sixty years ago, world war ii was driving many advances in the sciences; a surprising number of these developments have evolved to impact our lives today. at the beginning of the war, scientists and ... continue reading











regeneration 101
by sandy becker, ma
so who is the greatest regeneration superhero of all? among vertebrates the lowly salamander is the champion 'comeback kid.' we humans are pitiful by comparison. we can often regrow the tip of a finger if only half an inch or so is cut off (the last joint must remain). the salamander will regrow a complete leg if it is cut off! the process of regeneration begins with the formation of a clump of dividing cells at the wound site. this group of cells is called a blastema, and is different from a scar. these cells proliferate and then develop into the new limb, in a process very similar to the way the limb developed in the embryo. first the thigh, then the lower leg, and last the feet and toes (or fingers) grow. the regrowth takes several weeks to complete, but eventually the new limb will be just as good as the one that was lost.
the salamander is the only vertebrate that is any good at regeneration, although many invertebrates can also do it. cockroaches can grow new legs. starfish can grow new arms. a lowly flatworm called a planarian can be cut into over a hundred little pieces, and each will regenerate nearly an entire new body.
naturally we wish people were better at regeneration, and scientists are working to learn more about how salamanders do it. a mutant mouse has been discovered that can regenerate its heart. this and other studies are showing that forming a blastema instead of a scar is a critical first step in regeneration.










scienceiq team:

author listing

top 100 lists:

science kits
science supplies
science toys & gifts
corporate gifts
stocking stuffers

popular products:

scientific desk toys
physics kits
hobby solar cells
physics lab supplies
test & measurement
optics & lasers
hobby dc motors
battery holders

science articles:

summer science activities
science experiment ideas
science fair advice
keeping kids interested in science
summer science projects

our sponsors:












home | privacy policy | cookie policy
copyright © 2002-2025 scienceiq.com - all rights reserved
back to top





