



	irish absolutely - bringing the best of ireland to you






























home
about us

who we are
contact us
our purpose
privacy policy
pledge of satisfaction
testimonials
shipping info
our special friends
cottager's club


gifts

irish cottage
irish cottage (4-pack)
irish cottage rental
load of turf
turf supply program
flanagan booklet
luck penny bookmarks
luck penny bookmarks (4-pack)
botanical art


gift occasions
fun

newsletter sign-up
irish words and phrases
newsletters
story contest
cottager’s club
facebook


view cart
















bringing the best of ireland to you


irish absolutely offers high-quality, fun, creative irish gifts suitable for every occasion including birthdays, bridal showers, christenings, weddings, house warmings – the list is endless! hold our gifts in your hands and experience the joys, pleasures and rich heritage of irish culture, arts and crafts, and know you are touching and owning a part of ireland itself. even if there isn't a big occasion around the corner, invent an excuse and get some for yourself!

our new location:
                        we recently moved from buffalo, new york to canada:-
                        1377 brookstar drive, oakville, ontario, l6m 3w2 canada

telephone: 
                        canada, 1 289 837 1890

all pricing remain in us dollars all items shipped from canada












newsletter and recipe

sign up for our occasional newsletter. your privacy is guaranteed. unsubscribe anytime. we will let you know about special deals, new gifts, fun competitions with prizes and interesting stuff about ireland. by way of thanks for joining us in some fun, it's our pleasure to send you the recipe, created by our cordon blue chef, for our delicious irish shortbread!
sign up now















turf burning irish cottage

at last! enjoy the distinctive aroma of turf burning in your own ceramic hand-crafted traditional irish cottage. package includes genuine irish turf, owner's manual, personalized deed of ownership and much more....!

click to learn more.












irish turf refills

approximately 10 genuine irish turf/peat incense cones for burning in irish absolutely ceramic irish cottages.

click to learn more.












irish luck penny bookmark

our luck penny bookmarks, with rare, uncirculated irish "hen pennies", is an opportunity to acquire an important part of irish history and also a way to spread the famous 'luck of the irish' amongst your friends.

click to learn more.









see all our gifts






core values











pledge of satisfaction

you may return any unused item for a complete "no questions" refund.






our charitable support

we contribute a minimum 5% of revenue to charity. more if finances permit. our creed is simple: "if you're lucky enough to be irish – or have irish connections – you're lucky enough!"






privacy policy

irish absolutely never sells, rents, trades or discloses email addresses to any organization. period!
















                            copyright © 2009 -  irish absolutely | site by : edward matrak










