










mr. tire | welcome | your friend in the tire business


















































home


dealer locator


mr tire registration


spotlight dealer


rebates


about us


car care tips
featured tires
auto repair















welcome


mr. tire provides tires and automotive services to communities throughout the midwest, great plains and south central us. in the last 45 years, we have expanded into more than 525 locations, and subsequently grown into one of the largest collectives of independent tire dealers in the us. certified as a member of the tire industry association, mr. tire carries only the most respected names in tires including those from goodyear, firestone, mastercraft, cooper, continental, general, hankook, bridgestone, and kumho. the mr. tire website features a full listing of our over 525 locations by state. after visiting a mr. tire location and experiencing our unparalleled services firsthand, you will come to consider mr. tire as "your friend in the business!"





mr. tire program


   retail tire spiffs
   customer loyalty programs
   equipment and accessories discount
   nationwide warranties
   marketing solutions

learn more

























 
totten tire is located in birch run, mi and has been in business for over 45 years. ownership recently changed hands to jim garno who started with the company 20 years ago. on board with jim is an expertly trained staff of 8 who collectively have 100+ years of experience. they specialize in full auto repair, tire installations, tpms technology, utilizing state of the art alignment and tire machines, and service calls for the local farmers. their primary tire brands include: bridgestone, firestone, firestone ag, goodyear, bkt, continental, general, carlisle, and mastercraft
	   totten tire loves being a part of the mr. tire program and claims, "it has allowed them to be a part of something larger than themselves". it has given them the opportunities to offer exclusive rebates and road hazard, in addition to the parts programs helping put some money back into their pockets.[read more]



spotlight dealer
this month








mr. tire





find a mr. tire near you







enter zip code





go











<




>





commercial tires




agriculture tires








home


dealer locator


spotlight dealer


mr tire registration


rebates


about us




all data should be verified by a tire professional, the vehicle placard (typically located on an inside door panel), and the vehicle owner's manual. to be sure you get the right tire size for your vehicle, please consult a tire professional.


























