






cuisine capers





















 














 skip to content skip to primary sidebar skip to footercuisine capershandcrafted, artisan simmer saucesno knead italian herb and parmesan breadnovember 7, 2017 by irene 



 print recipe

no knead italian herb and parmesan bread

the pefect way to make crusty, flavorful bread without fuss or effort!  simply mix the ingredients together and step away to do other things while it rises. this may become your go-to bread recpe!

prep time10 minscook time45 minstotal time55 mins

course: breadcuisine: american
servings: 1 loaf
author: irene
ingredients3  cups flour either all purpose or bread flour1/2 tsp yeast active dry or instant1 1/2 tsp salt2 tsp dried italian herbs1/2 cup parmesan cheese finely grated1 1/2 cups hot tap water between 120° - 130°
instructionscombine all ingredients except water.  stir until well mixed. slowly add water and stir, until all water is incorporated.  the dough will be sticky.. put dough in a large mixing bowl. cover bowl with plastic wrap and allow to rise for 3 hours. after 3 hours turn the dough out onto a floured surface.  the dough may still be sticky and a little "bubbly". sprinkle flour over the top of the dough, and coat your hands so that you can work with the dough without it sticking.  turn it over onto itself a few times, then form it into a ball. put the dough ball into a bowl lined with parchment paper and allow it to sit for 45 minutes. while the dough sits, put a covered dutch oven into your cool oven and turn the oven on at 450°.  allow the dutch oven to heat up while the dough rests. after 45 minutes, carefully take the hot dutch oven out of the oven, remove the lid, and place the dough ball, parchment paper and all, into the pot. cover and put back into the oven.  bake for 30 minutes. after 30 minutes, remove the dutch oven.  remove the cover and pull the parchment paper out of the pot.  place back in the oven, uncovered, for another 15 minutes 
notesthis dough makes an excellent base for experimenting.  simply leave out the italian herbs and parmesan cheese, and any anything else you may want too, such as rosemary, chives, or a different sort of shredded cheese.


 recent recipes

gadgets
see more gadgets →
 primary sidebarcuisine capers by irene cash
i'm irene - an avid foodie, certified food professional, and cookbook author!  my culinary passions include creating new recipes and dishes, finding that perfect wine, cocktail or libation, and, of course, writing about it -- i've been a food writer since 2004!

savoring the harvest cookbook
experience the sights and flavors of fresh, seasonal cooking with savoring the harvest cookbook.

footerfollow cuisine capers
facebookinstagramtwitter
advertising and affiliate disclosure
cuisine capers is a member of the amazon services llc associates program.  this helps support our site by earning a small commission on products that we may link to.  it is the policy of cuisine capers to never link to, promote, or profit from a product or service that we do not eagerly endorse.


copyright notice
we love it when you share our recipes and articles and we thank you for doing so! all content on this site is protected by copyright, so please do not directly copy any recipes, photos, content or other intellectual property to other blogs, social media sites, or offline entities.  all content on cuisinecapers.com is copyright © irene cash, cuisinecapers.com


copyright © 2025 · cuisine capers - irene cash










