


friends with ms















home - about us -  member areas - local support groups










support  | services  |  library |  products  |  sponsors


















" with friends with ms online you're never alone!"


































links













all of our links



what is ms?



diagnosis



ms symptoms



treatments

















sponsors


















































welcome














friends with ms is an online interactive support group for people with ms, those not yet diagnosed and those who love them. our mission is to end the loneliness associated with a chronic illness by supplying live chats, interactive message boards, live video and newsgroups. as our motto says, "with friends with ms online, you're never alone."
we offer sereral online member areas including:

a private social networking group with live chat rooms, blogs and forums where you can upload and share your own pictures and experiences and be a part of our online community.

an email newsgroup

a facebook group

we also offer many links to up to date  information, and a *reading library*, where you can download and read chapters from a list of books on ms.


please help support this site!
												all donations will be greatly appreciated.
   








are you are being treated for multiple sclerosis?

if so, the dreams study needs your help!

researchers at university at albany, suny are carrying out a study to learn more about doctor-patient relationships and experiences adjusting to multiple sclerosis.
please help us by completing our anonymous and confidential questionnaire, entirely from home. participation should only take about 45 minutes. participants can enter to win a $50 visa gift card.
your help matters! your answers on our questionnaire may ultimately help us improve the quality of the medical care that patients with multiple sclerosis receive.
for more information or to complete the questionnaire over the phone, please call us at: (518) 442-4903 or e-mailepersons@albany.edu
to fill out the questionnaire online, please visit our secure study website at: www.surveymonkey.com/dreamsstudy















































disclaimer  |   contact  |   search



copyright 2016 friends with ms - serving the ms community since 1998















