


filefactory



































filefactory


about
premium
sign in
sign up








filefactory



about
premium
sign in
sign up
































ignite your downloads.
break free from download limits, with unlimited bandwidth and fast transfer speeds.
filefactory has always been the best place to upload and share files with no limits, since 2005.  upload, send and receive any type of file up to a massive 5gb.










host
all files can be downloaded an unlimited number of times by an unlimited number of people.




stream
share your original mixes. upload, share and stream your audio files on our site, for free.




collaborate
allow anyone to upload files to your account to review with your own filebox uploader.




share
share your file links on blogs, forums or social media like twitter and facebook.












file sharing finally made simple.
the filefactory file manager makes uploading, downloading, sharing and organizing files simple.











import files into your account
duplicate a file from another filefactory member into your account with a single click so you have your own personal copy.










password protect files
keep your files safe! password protect files and folders easily. only the person who knows the password will be able to download your files.










resume interrupted downloads
premium users can speed up downloads and resume broken downloads using a large number of download managers.










access your files from anywhere
download your files from any internet connected device. every file can be shared and downloaded an unlimited number of times.











go pro with filefactory premium!
unlimited downloads.
download as many files as you like, with no restrictions.






premium downloads with zero limits.
start now, cancel anytime.











                            premium downloads with zero limits.                        

                            start now, cancel anytime.                        








instant access

get it now for just
$19
for 30 days




unlimited speed


unlimited downloads


resume support


1tb trafficshare




get premium











 











a company you can trust - since 2005
filefactory is a leading provider of unlimited free file hosting.  all files can be downloaded or streamed an unlimited number of times and premium members enjoy unlimited speed, bandwidth and downloads.















terms of service -
						acceptable use policy -
						privacy policy -
						fair use policy -
						copyright policy -
						child exploitation policy -
						support -
						resellers -
						premium -
												contact us

© filefactory 2025  —  filefactory cloud storage llc



english
danish
dutch
french
german
japanese
norwegian
portuguese
swedish
spanish

change language
















 

