







mormon news for we 1 march 2002




    



 


all the news about mormons, mormonism and the lds church 



posted
  
  02 may 2002
 

for week ended march 1, 2002









         





previous week 22feb02

following week 8mar02

week ended 1mar02






most recent week


front page
churchwide
local news
arts & entertainment
·bestsellers
·new products
people
sports
·statistics
politics
internet
·new websites
business
·mormon stock index
coming events
letters to editor

search


 

archives

continuing coverage of:
boston temple
school prayer
julie on mtv
robert elmer kleasen

about mormon news

news by e-mail


daily news
5-10 msgs daily






daily digest
1-2 msgs daily





weekly summary

participating
submitting news
submitting press releases
volunteer positions

bad link?










news about mormons, mormonism, and the lds church




recent news stories


 congressman hansen announces his retirement
 lds vp at utah state to chair national teen pregnancy prevention task force
 byu's kennedy center facing major overhaul
 non-mormon editorial writer discusses 'trash talk' about mormons
 covenant launches newly-designed website
 member's homes damaged in tongan cyclone
 idaho man's story comes to the big screen jan 18
 new hampshire lds family featured in local news report






general news
even president hinckley searched at olympics
security at the 2002 winter olympics was so 
tight that even lds church president gordon b. hinckley and his wife, 
marjorie pay hinckley, were searched as they arrived to attend one of 
the many events.
more general news ...

 

local news
 lds chapel invaders fire shots at security workers
two intruders in an lds chapel sunday night 
fired on security workers when they were confronted, and then eluded 
police for an hour before disappearing. the pair of intruders were 
discovered about 9:30 pm in the church of jesus christ of latter-day 
saints chapel at 45th avenue and olympia street and fired two shots 
at the security workers as they were leaving.
more local news ...

 

sports
 lds father and son luge for venezuela
werner hoeger, 39, and his son, chris, 17, spent 
more than $70,000 competing in luge events around the world and were 
on the road for 68 of 79 days at one point, honing their craft and 
sharing unforgettable moments. after a lifetime of dreaming and years 
of training, the father and son competed at the olympics representing 
venezuela. werner finished 40 and chris finished 31 out of 50.
 kazakhstan benefits from mormon kindness
ten years after the soviet union collapsed, kazakhstan 
developed its own country. a few weeks ago, the kazakhstan womens 
hockey team travelled 6,000 miles to salt lake city to compete in the 
xix winter olympic games and developed a lasting friendship with 
their new found friends in utah. their final game with china put them 
in eighth and final place in the women's tournament and in first 
place in the hearts of utah.
more sports news ...

 

politics
 lds professor named to dept. of agriculture post
dr. rodney j. brown, dean of the utah state 
university college of agriculture, has been named deputy under 
secretary for research, education and economics in the u.s. 
department of agriculture in washington d.c. dean brown, an lds 
returned missionary who grew up on a dairy farm in coalville, utah, 
will oversee four agencies of the usda: the agricultural research 
service (ars), the cooperative state research, education and 
extension service (csrees), the economic research service (ers) and 
the national agricultural statistics service (nass).
more politics news ...



internet
 internet: websites for lds musicians
with the popularity of mp3 services, the growth 
of websites for individual artists has grown substantially. it seems 
every musician has his own website, and several services, including 
mp3.com, provide a way for musicians to post their own information. 
there are many lds artists among the group.
more internet news ...



people
mormon 'minister' helps prisoners celebrate muslim holiday
at the request of the international 
committee of the red cross, the u.s. military allowed a feast of lamb 
and sweets to be given to suspected taliban and al-qaeda fighters 
held prisoner at the us base in kandahar.
more people news ...



arts & entertainment
mormon group 'jets' return -- but they're different
ashton silito and maliana wolframm were 
two performers at the recent 2002 olympics in salt lake city. members 
of the jets, a second generation of olympic performers in the '80s, 
they received the baton that was passed by older members of their 
family. salt lake city may have been the birthplace of the jets, but 
they now call hesperia home.
more arts & entertainment news ...



business
 sheri dew promoted to run deseret book
sheri l. dew, 48, second counselor in the 
general relief society presidency of the church of jesus christ of 
latter-day saints, has been named the new president and ceo of 
deseret book company, replacing ronald a. millett, 54, who will serve 
as an lds mission president starting in july. dew becomes the first 
woman to head the company, which is owned by deseret management 
corp., the for-profit holding company of the lds church.
more business news ...









     


quote:

		    [an error occurred while processing this directive]
		 








   copyright 1998, 1999, 2000 ,2001kent larsen · privacy information   



