












richie unterberger























welcome to the
website of richie unterberger, author of books on music history and
travel, and reviewer of too many albums to count for various books,
publications, and databases. whether you've found my address in my
latest books, arrived here via a link from another site, or just typed
in my name for the heck of it hoping to find me on the internet, i'm
glad you're checking it out.
































my 2009 book white light/white
heat: the velvet underground day-by-day (now available on
jawbone press), is by far the most comprehensive book on the velvet
underground ever published. the 368-page volume covers the group's
recording sessions, record releases, concerts, press reviews, and other
major events shaping their career with both thorough detail and
critical insight. drawing on about 100 interviews and exhaustive
research through documents and recordings rarely or never accessed, it
unearths stories that have seldom been told, and eyewitness accounts
that have seldom seen print, from figures ranging from band members to
managers, producers, record executives, journalists, concert promoters,
and fans. the july 2009 issue of mojo
      magazine hails it as "an impressive means to reflect on
the conundrum of what could be the ultimate cult band...detailed and
anecdote-packed." uncut magazine
chose it as #4 in its list of the ten best music books of 2009.
my latest book, won't get fooled
again: the who from lifehouse to quadrophenia, details the
who's amazing and peculiar journey in the years during which they
struggled to follow up tommy with
a yet bigger and better rock opera. one of those projects, lifehouse, was never completed,
though many of its songs formed the bulk of their 1971 album who's next. the other, quadrophenia, was as down-to-earth
as the multimedia lifehouse was
futuristic; issued as a double album in 1973, it eventually became
esteemed as one of the who's finest achievements, despite unavoidable
initial unfavorable comparisons to tommy.
drawing on material from several dozen interviews and mountains of rare
archival coverage and recordings, it's the definitive account of this
fascinating period in the who's career, which saw both some of their
greatest triumphs and, in lifehouse,
rock's most spectacular failure. notes mojo's four-star review of the
book, "unterberger digs deep and deeper still through obscure press
cuttings and his own interviews with engineers, producers and fans to
make sense of it all. he does a grand job." it was voted #2 book of the
year in shindig magazine's
2011 writers' poll.















































































































































my other books include the unreleased
beatles: music and film; a two-volume history of 1960s
folk-rock, turn! turn! turn!: the '60s
folk-rock revolution  and its sequel, eight miles high: folk-rock's flight from
haight-ashbury to woodstock; unknown
legends of rock'n'roll, profiles of sixty of the most
interesting cult rock acts of all time; its sequel urban spacemen & wayfaring strangers:
overlooked innovators and eccentric visionaries of '60s rock; music usa, a guide to the regional
popular music of the united states; and the rough guide to shopping with a
conscience (co-authored by myself and duncan clark), which
covers options for ethical food and drink consumption, socially
responsible investment and finances, no-sweat clothes, animal-free
cosmetics, green energy household and travel alternatives, fair trade
goods, consumer boycotts, and much more. i have also written thousands
of album reviews and artist biographies for the all music guide.
for more about my work, go to the  about the
author section of this site; for more details about each specific
book, click on the appropriate icons. 
this site offers updates
on my various books and projects, but also some nifty extras that won't
be found in my printed work. those include complete transcripts of
interviews of cult rockers and folk-rockers big and small that i've
spoken with while researching my books; otherwise unavailable lists and
album reviews for those hungering for even more information along the
same lines; and links to like-minded sites where you can find out more
about the musicians and albums i've covered. click on the book titles
on this page for excerpts, lists, interviews, and more info about each
one.
so take a look around,
enjoy, and feel free to e-mail
me with any questions or feedback.








  

 

 

 

 
contents copyright richie unterberger ,
2000-2010 
unless
otherwise specified. 
 

















































