












mblwhoi library







































































skip to content




about whoi
whoi people directory
 










marine biological laboratory | woods hole oceanographic institution

































	 | contact us






























 



searchfind & request





 find

books & articles
databases
journals
archives
repository


 


 request

materials from other libraries
journal volume delivery
rights & privileges


 


 get

remote access
course reserves
libkey extension
library card
user profile & renew books


 


 special collections

data library and archives
rare books and mbl archives
whoi archives
herbarium


 
 

help & services





 how to

quick start guide
request article
journal delivery
search library catalog
use libkey tool


 


 publish and support research

open access
copyright guidance
repository services
research & impact
citation management


 


 data management

planning
workflows & methods
preservation & access
citation & impact


 
 

visit & about





 visit

location, hours, and access
visitor information
library card information
desk & office rental


 


 about

about us
library news
library policies
library users committee
staff directory


 


 partnerships & giving

library partnerships
library fellowships
become a library supporter


 
 










 






















what can we help you find?



advanced search
search library collections


search 
   
search for books & media, articles, databases, journals, archives, & the repository
popular databases: web of science, pubmed, google scholar
























mblwhoi library
the marine biological laboratory (mbl) and the woods hole oceanographic institution (whoi) have collaborated since 1930 in the day-to-day operation of the mblwhoi library. the staff and services of the mblwhoi library are also utilized year-round by the students and scientists of the woods hole coastal and marine science center usgs, the woodwell climate research center, the sea education association, and noaa fisheries service northeast fisheries science center. science history exhibits and a commitment to preserving the record of mbl and whoi science can be seen in in-person and online exhibits, through social media, and on the website mblwhoilibrary.org.







































news and announcements





























											worried about your research data? whoas is here to help!									



			february 11, 2025	


you may have seen news about data being removed from various government websites, including nih, cdc, and noaa-sponsored sites as well as individual datasets from data.gov and other large aggregators. while this is indeed alarming, many data professionals in the wider research community were already working on creating backups and mirrors of government-hosted data. those…



















											international love data week 2025!									



			february 10, 2025	


whoi, welcome to international love data week 2025! this week, the global data community celebrates the importance of research data. the theme for 2025 is “whose data is it, anyway?” this theme challenges us to consider where data was created, who has a claim to “ownership” of data, and how we can ethically and responsibly…



















											celebrate open access week 2024 with us!									



			october 11, 2024	


open access week 2024 is just around the corner! this annual event, taking place from october 20-26, is a global celebration of the open access movement, which aims to make research and scholarly works freely accessible to everyone. open access is more than just a publishing model; it embodies the principles of transparency, collaboration, and…



















											mid-year 2024 look at new open access publishing opportunities									



			july 15, 2024	


written by: matthew person last fall we reported on oa publishing opportunities for mblwhoi library served woods hole scientists (at mbl, whoi, sea, usgs, and wcrc.) here’s a quick mid-year update: the american society for microbiology journal titles (with one exception, molecular and cellular biology) will in 2025 become part of the s2o, (“subscribe to…



















											publish oa without any cost to the author									



			october 23, 2023	


the 2023 global open access week theme is community over commercialization. the woods hole science community has some opportunities to publish without article processing charges in open access publications which the mblwhoi library holds oa agreements with. scientists who are corresponding authors may publish open access in the journals of the following publishers without paying any charges: annual…


















 
























































© 2025 mblwhoi library. all rights reserved. all rights reserved. privacy policy | login
mblwhoi library | 7 mbl street woods hole, ma 02543 | 508-289-7002









 



















