








spring garden waldorf school -- akron private school in northeast ohio


























































 
 





skip to content








330-666-0574|admissions@sgws.org 

facebookinstagrampinterest 










 about usorganizationfaculty & staffboarddiversity, equity & inclusionemploymentabout waldorf educationfaqsprogramsparent child classearly childhoodgrades 1-4grade 5 – 8curriculum by gradesummer campadmissionsvisitapplyprocesstuitionfinancial aidfamiliesfamily portalnew familiescalendardirectoryhandbookfamily commute mapgivedonateannual fundbenefit auctionvisit | contactvisitopen housesfamily tours 


search for:








 









search for:

















not all classrooms have wallslearn moreoutside to play every daylearn moreinspiring a love of learninglearn moreintegrating movement in classroomslearn morebuilding cognition through musiclearn morevisit us todaylearn more 






homeadmin2024-09-06t14:57:27+00:00 
welcome to spring garden waldorf school
visit & learn moreearly childhoodour early childhood program is an extension of the family experience; a step between home and formal schooling. the warm inviting classrooms support activities that unfold in an unhurried way. the program is based on the understanding that young children learn primarily through imitation and play.
learn moregrades 1-4our elementary school curriculum inspires the artistic, creative, and imaginative life of the child while providing a strong base for academic studies.  we focus on engaging the whole child – head, heart, and hands – to add value and relevance to lessons, and this helps instill a deep interest in learning.
learn moregrades 5-8middle school students are ready to be enthusiastic critical thinkers, observing the world around them and drawing their own conclusions. exceptional curriculum provides our older students with a well-rounded, classical education and a strong foundation for creative, conceptual and abstract thinking.
learn morewatch this brief video to learn more about our school.
more about spring gardenabout uswe educate students to contribute to the future of the world with clear and creative thinking, compassion, moral strength, and courage. we teach the whole child—cognitive, social, and creative—and meet the needs of each individual in a challenging and multi-sensory environment.
learn moreabout waldorfwaldorf education is based on meeting each child’s learning needs at the developmentally appropriate time. waldorf educators also carry a deep respect for each individual student and are dedicated to fostering each child’s unique gifts while inspiring a life-long love of learning.
learn morevisit and learn morewe’d love to meet with you, talk and tour to see if waldorf education and spring garden waldorf school would be a good fit for your family. we have many visiting opportunities for families interested in learning more about waldorf education and spring garden waldorf school.
learn more



 
 





 
phone: 330-666-0574
fax: 330-666-9210
email: admissions@sgws.org
address:
spring garden waldorf school
1791 south jacoby rd.
copley, oh 44321

 

get social







 

 
 
 





		s  


facebookinstagrampinterest
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link


























































































go to top




