










home - wits university









 































aboutpeople/staffalumnilibraryvisit witsgivewits100






homepage





study at witsstudentsfaculties and schoolsteaching and learningresearch and innovationnews



search





search the site








search



















                menu
              


search 







search the site








search















skip navigation and go to page content



sections
study at witsstudentsfaculties and schoolsteaching and learningresearch and innovationnews




aboutpeople/staffalumnilibraryvisit witsgivewits100










start main page content



























choose a degree or diploma




search by keyword



course type

undergraduate
postgraduate




search courses









latest newsall news



trump/sa: how white victimhood is linked to white supremacy
rural violence is a huge problem in south africa that deserves a strong response. but white people are not the only casualties.
17 february 2025




why sa is not ready to produce green hydrogen
chemical engineering specialists have mapped out the risks for south africa in setting up a multi-billion dollar green hydrogen industry.
17 february 2025




cracking the job interview code
[q&a] in our competitive job market, recruiters require job seekers to have multiple skills to even secure an interview.
14 february 2025

 



  latest events   all events
19febjazz, vice, and revolution: harlem, sophiatown, and elijah muhammadhumanities graduate centre13:0019febf-r-a-g-m-e-n-t-e-d main theatre18:00 











wits in 60 seconds


        wits kicked off the year by welcoming about 6,000 top-achieving first-years at welcome day. in a major win for students, almost 800 witsies listed on the discretionary funding portal had r63 million in student debt cleared. the latest curios.ty magazine, themed #work, explores how tech, equity, and societal shifts are shaping the future of work. entrepreneurship is getting a boost as wits business school partners with services seta to fund programmes at the wits crucible. wits also hosted prof. tobias bonhoeffer, advisor to the president of the max planck society for african programmes, to strengthen research ties ahead of their 2026 visit to africa.
      
watch now











new study shows improved success rates for tb patients


        the study, a randomised controlled trial conducted across nine clinics in johannesburg, evaluated the effects of a patient-centred intervention combining pre-test and post-test tb counselling with financial incentives on treatment adherence and outcomes.
      
read more





   





attractions on wits campuses
history, heritage and science at wits









origins centre: houses paleoanthropological and archaeological material, as well the largest rock engraving archive on the continent. visitors to the origins centre follow a path of hominin innovation that began over 2 million years ago.








wits art museum (wam): houses 9 000 of the world’s largest and finest collections of african art and is a rich resource for research and training.








tshimologong digital innovation precinct: facilitates the incubation of start-ups, the commercialisation of research and the development of high-level digital skills for students, working professionals and unemployed youth.








the life sciences museum: the only natural history museum in johannesburg. a multifaceted, modern museum with research and teaching laboratories, a large herbarium, and live plants and animals, skeletons, models and preserved specimens. 








the adler museum of medicine: preserves the history of the health sciences in southern africa, and supplements the educational activities of the university, by means of collections, research, teaching, exhibitions and publications.







  





wits virtual tour






see wits university in action!
want a closer look at life on campus? follow us on linkedin, instagram, facebook, twitter, tiktok to catch the latest updates, student stories, and campus highlights!











contact us
general enquiries
tel: +27 (0)11 717 1000
admission enquiries
tel: +27 (0)11 717 1888

find us
1 jan smuts avenue,
braamfontein 2000,
johannesburg,
south africa


quicklinks
vacanciesterm datestenderswits shop


connect with us









give to wits








copyright © 2020-2024 - university of the witwatersrand, johannesburg.
terms and conditions of use popia paia ispa browser support











close












 
 






