


dvd duplication services, cd replication, fulfillment, laser marking, pad printing, screen printing services















 
dvd duplication, cd duplication, replication and duplicator equipment   experts 

 












join our mailing list and get all the latest  
            cd/dvd specials and news!









 






 


















 
previous next




laser marking, pad printing and screen printing services
branding your items with your logo or other advertising message is a great way to get your message out there. now, you can achieve this advertising method utilizing our exceptional branding solutions all at extremely affordable costs.
call us to today and speak to a branding specialists!


hi quality laser marking can imprint your brand logo or other designs on anything! laser marking is precise and can even get the finest details on to the item being marked.
laser marking
printing on objects in  industries such as medical, automotive, promotional, apparel, electronics, appliances, sports equipment and toys is where pad printing shines.
pad printing


utilizing advanced ink based screen printing equipment, your message can get printed onto many different industries such as automotive, furniture,electronic, appliance and medical.
screen printing






duplication services
 our state of the art duplication, replication and fulfillment facilities, allow us to complete any cd or dvd project of any size to the highest quality standards in the shortest amount of time. 
ask about our 24 hour turn time on duplication or replication services if you need your project done in a hurry!!


high quantity, quick turnaround?  when your project needs quantities that are too large for duplication, then our cd or dvd replication service prices can not be beat.
cd dvd replication
low quantity, quick turnaround?  if your in need of cd or dvd duplication with fast turn times, then we can help you meet any deadline at very competitive rates.
cd dvd duplication


silk screening blank media has never been easier with our cost effective screening service. all your own duplication projects can now have a professional look at low prices.
 cd dvd silk screening 
we have the packaging to finish that job right. cd sleeves, jewel cases, clam shells, mailers, etc. even custom design packaging for a professional finished project.
cd dvd packaging


need product fulfillment? let us handle your fulfillment, order processing and shipping needs so you can focus on the more important aspects of growing your business.
cd/dvd fulfillment





cd, dvd & usb duplicators


dvd duplicators 
                              fusion power has been unleashed in the form of a cube!! the highly acclaimed and top selling mid range production duplicator in the world is now faster and more powerful. utilizing just released technological improvements, the fusion duplicator can produce more discs per hour then any other system.  and its not just about speed, all mediatechnics systems are backed with the deepest and most thorough warranties available. no job is too big, too small or too complex for our dvd duplicators.

                                now you can  have a super fast usb duplicator for flash memory devices, memory cards and more! usb media copiers have never before been so fast, so affordable or so reliable, as the fusion usb duplicator system.  find out more, so you too can have fusion power as part of your duplication arsenal at very affordable prices.



• fully automated

                                • direct copying
• 900 disc capacity

                                • in line printing
                                • pc based available

• blu-ray available













mediatechnics is always creating and developing new and innovative technologies that in turn allow us to provide better solutions for our customers duplication needs. keep up to date on what mediatechnics is up to by checking the features and news section regularly.


new funding program developed for equipment
used dvd duplication equipment 


discwrite v.4 software released
automated authoring system 


new low cost publishing system
ministry cd duplication services & equipment


cd ripping equipment 


















 


as the #1 selling manufacturer of mid range production quality dvd duplicators and cd copiers, mediatechnics brings you only the best cd and dvd duplication, printing, analyzing and production copier equipment at competitive prices. 
our diverse customer base gives you an example of the types of companies that have found our production duplication equipment and services to be the best available. the prices on our duplication equipment and services will allow you the flexibility to get your projects done through a reliable source or have an in house manufacturing center at your fingertips.
 our professional and experienced sales staff can help you determine which cd or dvd duplication system or service will be most efficient and cost effective for your specific situation. 

give us an opportunity to help you meet your production goals. whether you need replication services, duplication or your own equipment, as the top manufacturer in the industry, we can offer you the best quality, best price and responsive personal service. 
get all your cd & dvd duplication media & supplies 
                      on-line!
a full array of towers, blank media, supplies 
                      and more....
low cost, easy processing, extensive inventory! 









duplicator 
  equipment | cd  / dvd duplication | cd-r media |  cd / dvd replication | duplication | silksceening | supplies | contact 
  us
blog | cd 
  analyzer  | gilbert web designer |  resources | electronics manufacturing |  cd / dvd production facts | privacy policy | helper | site 
  map




© mediatechnics systems inc.






