






onajide shabaka – multi media works, performative actions, photo









































skip to content





onajide shabaka
multi media works, performative actions, photo





menu



special portfolios

carrie meek foundation – miami-dade art in public places
alosúgbe: a journey across time
project row houses round 49 | penumbras: sacred geometries
between the river and lagoon
dirt: multimedia project
from train’s tracks to type’s disappearance
mangrove mud womp

mangrove mud womp – videos


mangrove walk – greynolds park
mangroves, mud, mystery
water is both the barrier and the passageway
mami wata
evoking spirit, embracing memory
seraphic light
cotton & iron
challenge, risk, growth
i anoint my flesh
florida burial shrines


profile

artist’s statement
professional experience
résumé / cv
press

press – articles


copyrights
purchasing


contact

subscribe








search for:


search








search






search for:


search



























recent exhibitions & events 



(event sold out)
“sus estrellas, como perlas, se han convertido en su herencia envuelta en blancos paños ungidos (para silo crespo)”acrylic, colored pencil, solvent transfer, watercolor, collage on paper53.5 x 44.5 in. / 135.9 x 113 cm© 2022 (detail)
“study j”
exhibited at prizm art fair 2022 (miami)

“he bathed in the river’s floral scent”archival ink photographic print(edition of 5)13.25 x 20 in. / 33.65 x 50.8 cm@ 2020
“on the edge of tomorrows…”
at emerson dorsch gallery
miami, florida


in alosúgbe: a journey across time, onajide shabaka’s debut exhibition at emerson dorsch, shabaka explores biology and ethnobotany in the form of recent photography, works on paper and sculpture. these media serve as material for understanding the migrations of both humans and plants during the atlantic colonial slave era to the present. this exhibition derives from several years of ongoing research finding connections between colonial sites in the low country (georgia and south carolina), the caribbean archipelago and suriname.



wavemaker grants








written by locust projects and onajide shabaka
interview with the artist
tell us about your wavemaker project: my project, “alosúgbe,” really began in earnest while i was in suriname with diaspora vibe cultural arts incubator’s international cultural exchange program and returned to do a one month residency there in 2017. i applied for a wavemaker grant to assist with investigating the colonial rice cultivation area along the georgia tidewater for comparative data. i was awarded my grant in two parts, one part for research and one part for implementation. [read full interview]








click image above to read about the exhibition.

onajide shabaka is a south florida-based artist whose “studio” occupies a metaphorical space of a walk or a hike within the built urban environment. his walking practice takes him by many unkempt edges and along undeveloped or disused lots, habitats that are often overlooked or considered “weed”-infested or “vacant.” his work comprises drawings, watercolors, photographs, video and installation as it weaves plants, people, and history in a poetic, rather than a documentary, manner.


research residency suriname 2017

dirt: yuta suelo udongo té – at florida atlantic university, boca raton, florida
dirt yuta suelo udongo té curated by onajide shabaka (first iteration)

nierika – solo exhibition
now available: onajide shabaka lyrical witness



 






copyright © 2025 onajide shabaka  | audioman by catch themes 



scroll up 

 

















