







northerns squash | home of the daisy



































































facebookinstagramadmin@northerns.co.za 


home
associations

nsf
nsa
njsa
nmsa


events

event calendar
event list


clubs
gallery
news
contact
nsa league





menu


menu

 






previousnext1234welcome to northerns squash federationhome of the daisy
contact usupcoming events

follow a manual added link
leaguecurrent winter league standings and fixtures

link to all in tribe_events_cat
upcoming eventsall the tournaments and events for the season

link to: documents
documentsfor all the rules and latest updates




link to: nsa

northerns squashassociation
welcome to the northerns squash association (nsa), where 1 000+ players enjoy an array of events ranging from singles and doubles league to numerous tournaments including psa events for budding professionals. with almost 20 associate clubs the nsa caters for all levels of the game.  welcome to the home of the daisy.

view morelink to: njsa

northerns junior squashassociation
northerns junior squash association exists to promote and develop junior squash in our region. we promote full inclusivity of all squash players and encourage sportsmanship and fairness to ensure players develop life skills that build their character and prepare them for adulthood. njsa also arranges and supports school leagues and njsa tournaments. our interprovincial teams have a stellar record with many gold medals yearly.

view morelink to: nmsa

northerns masters squashassociation
the northerns masters squash association creates a positive and inclusive environment for masters of all abilities to play the game. we encourage good sportsmanship and foster camaraderie among our squash community. offering plenty of opportunities for players to participate in competitive yet supportive settings ensures that everyone can enjoy the game they love to its fullest.

view more
   

follow us on facebookfollow us on instagram 











northerns_squash








best of luck to our northerns junior representativ






news just in! 

competing against the very best sc






northerns representatives secure 3 out of the 4 se


 


 






squash linkssquash sa
sa schools squash
sportyhq
psa






© copyright 2024 - northerns squash  - crafted by cco
facebookinstagram






scroll to top

















