










































    
    golf clubs | united states | 928-821-2613
  
  














               


   

(928) 821-2613




       home



  golf accessories reviews


   golf bags



  golf balls



  golf hitting mats



  golf grips



  training aids



  golf shafts



  golf shoe spikes





  golf clubs reviews


   golf courses



  special tests



  wedges



  drivers



  fairway woods



  golf putters



  irons



  hybrid golf clubs



  junior golf clubs



  women's golf clubs





  pro shop



  about us



  news



  contact












    
 





      


   golftest usa is your #1 source
 to get information, test results, reviews and ratings on all golf related products and services from a completely independent and unbiased source. 

     

proprietary testing







       

  swedge swing training aid produces positive results.
write your caption here

  

read more



 

  new golftest usa lead test administrator!!!!
write your caption here

  

read more



 

  new testing facility at canoa ranch golf club in green valley, arizona
write your caption here

  

read more



 

  bobby jones drivers and graphite design shafts go great together.
write your caption here

  

read more







  best review of golf products




      




 welcome to golftest usa!
 we want golf consumers to have the information they need to make informed decisions about their purchases of golf products and services.
we will be conducting testing on many new golf products over the next few months and we will keep golfers informed of tests as they are completed if you sign up to receive our monthly newsletter. complete the newsletter signup to get on our mailing list. we will never give out your email address to any other source or organization so you can be assured that you will never receive any spam as the result of signing up to receive our newsletter.


       

  putter test results:
mentor sports v-moi duet
  

button




  

  balls
taylormade penta tp
  

button




  

  stand gold bags
bag boy nxc
  

button








     

  editor's
choice
  

button








     

  putter test results:
wilson kirk currie iii
  

button




  

  balls
bridgestone b330-rx
  

button




  

  cart golf bags
sun mountain back nine ultra
  

button










    


  the golftest usa

“seal of excellence”
 over the past several years golftest usa has had golfers evaluate many different golf products. we have created the golftest usa seal of excellence and will be awarding it to select golf products that have undergone our testing regimen. to be awarded the golftest usa seal of excellence a golf product must be tested and reviewed by our staff of golf testers and be judged to be of superior quality, value and performance.



    about golftest usa

     why was golftest usa formed?

  




  golftest usa was formed so golf consumers will have one website to visit to get independent and unbiased information enabling them to make informed purchasing decisions for all golf related products. the categories include golf clubs, golf balls, golf accessories, training aids, apparel, golf schools and golf resorts. we are the “consumer reports” of the golf industry. we ask that the golfing public help us by letting manufacturers of golf products, including golf clubs, golf balls and golf accessories, know that you want them to participate in our testing regimen. if the manufacturers have quality golf clubs, golf balls and golf accessories products they should have no concern that we will be evaluating, testing, rating and ranking their golf clubs, golf balls and golf accessories products so that the golfing public can find out which are the best golf clubs, golf balls and golf accessories products on the market today.



   what will you find at the golftest usa website?

  




  golftest usa conducts ongoing tests on many different golf products, including golf clubs, golf balls and golf accessories. as the results are compiled they are posted on our website. from time to time we publish articles in many golf publications about various golf clubs, golf balls and golf accessories products we have tested. although we test all golf related products our focus is on golf clubs, balls and training aids. after club testing is completed, we post the ratings on the clubs in each category. the highest rated clubs in each category are designated to be in our “elite group”. for a club to be selected for entry into our “elite group” it must show during our testing process that it is of superior quality, performance and value. by the end of 2001 we will have completed our initial testing for all categories and will have the ratings posted. we will continue to conduct ongoing testing as new products are introduced. you may request us to test a product and we will make every effort to insure that it is tested and the results are posted. we are here to serve the golfing public so we ask that you tell us what you want and we will strive to fulfill your requests.



   what other services does golftest usa provide?

  




  golftest usa performs proprietary testing for many manufacturers of golf clubs, golf balls and golf accessories products in the golf industry. we can develop a test for any golf clubs, golf balls and golf accessories product. the test will provide the manufacturer valuable information on the acceptance a golf clubs, golf balls and golf accessories product will receive when introduced to the golf consumer. we determine the criteria for each test that will give market research information on the golf clubs, golf balls and golf accessories product by using consumer preference techniques. the use of information obtained from this type of testing can save the manufacturer time and money by helping them to determine the target market and the golf clubs, golf balls and golf accessoriesproduct’s success in today’s crowded golf marketplace. the cost of these tests is minimal in relation to the cost of developing and marketing a product and is more than offset by the savings realized from the use of the results of the test. we welcome the opportunity to discuss with manufacturers how we can design a test to meet their individual needs. 





 golf clubs








       about us
 golftest usa was formed so golf consumers will have one website to visit to get independent and unbiased information enabling them to make informed purchasing decisions for all golf related products.
  contact us
 (928) 821-2613golftestusa@gmail.com5631 s atascosa peak dr.green valley, az 85622
  subscribe to our newsletter
  contact us
   email:





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




     © 2025 
all rights reserved | golftestusa




















































































































  
  share by:








