







donna young's homeschool resources and printables

























help  members  subscribe  purchase files  



login 





donnayoung.org printables and resources
for home, home school, and classrooms


read about the two different subscriptions available for donnayoung.org





home
homeschooling
homeschool planner
household
calendars
art
english
handwriting
history
math
science





site index
hs planner index
art index
english index
calendar index
blog
hsf forum archives
hsf cookbook











about donnayoung.org
donna young started this web site in 1998. she was teaching her children at home, had bought a new internet capable computer, and  decided to put her homeschool and household files online. aside from a few donated files, donna makes all the content for donnayoung.org using several programs such as drawing programs and word processors.
files and articles
most of my articles may be viewed without a subscription. access to files requires a subscription and some files are available for purchase at the shopping cart. two subscription levels are available, basic and youngminds. basic includes most of what you can see at the website, but no spreadsheets. youngminds is visible to its subscribers and no one else. youngminds includes everything at donnayoung.org as well as additional files, spreadsheets, and articles. the link to subscribe is at the top of every page.
calendars updated
the following pages were updated to include the 2024 calendar:

the c. timer
dated half-sized block household planner
2-page block calendar
calendar sw
youngminds only calendars: 
purse sized calendar booklet
dc journal

donna young, october 17, 2024
some calendars are updated manually: about the calendars

donnayoung.org is organized into several sections
the sections are linked across the top of every page of my website. this is a large website and some of the content could be placed in more than one section. below, i will describe the sections and add a few links to some of the topics.

homeschool

what do i have to say about home school? my thoughts on home school are scattered all over donnayoung.org,  not in just this section. if you spend enough time at donnayoung.org, you will know what i think about homeschooling. this section, homeschool, will have links to articles, game items, and links to homeschooling related pages in this website.
how to make a sticker book
the games section - blank printable board games, bingo games, blank cards, etcetera

calendars | all calendars index
the section name is  self explanatory and in it, you will find calendars for last year (in most cases), this year, and, in some cases, next year.
printable school calendars 
vertical monthly calendars
horizontal monthly calendars
blank calendars 
note: sometimes the calendar that you want will be in the household section. 

home school planner | index
i have many homeschool planners. however, the homeschool planner section is about more than just printing planners; it is also about:
 how to plan; why choose a certain planner type; school calendars; grade forms, xls files; high school forms; and more. if you are a homeschooler, just go there.
new to home school?

how to plan is a "child section" of homeschool planner. i wrote a series of articles about the thought processes behind getting started and making simple lesson plans. linked below are some of the starting pages.
homeschool planning steps 1-4
how to make simple lesson plans for homeschool
(surviving) the curriculum fair

v planner | about
v planner is an xls/xlsx file with which you can manage homeschool plans and records. 
 homeschool v planner 
	  help files  for vb planner at: v planner blog

 latest version:  april 13, 2015. v planner now includes a google calendar add on which allows you to import lesson plans to google calendar. download from the member's area. 


household
in the household section you can print household planners in two sizes. some sections include calendars. the main parts of household are:
full-sized household planners
desk size personal organizer
purse sized booklet
small desk calendar
recipes

art | index
i was one of those children who drew on  walls. my art section is not nearly large enough and i really want to work on it, but there are so many parts to this website to work on. the main parts:
		

grades
drawing
color
crafts


books
art supplies
comic
story paper



english | index
the english section is challenging to work on because it is the last place that i want to causally type up articles with poor grammar, iffy usage, and typing errors. i like the subject and when i get over my fear of making mistakes in this section, it ought to grow like crazy.
forms
dictionary skills
spelling
vocabulary
grammar
composition
reviews, books


handwriting
the handwriting section is a popular landing page. i have printable ruled paper, handwriting lessons, animations, font links, & tips.
	    handwriting is a large section.
		
by style
beginning manuscript
133 lessons- 100ez
small print
cursive handwriting
paper
tips
fonts


history
some links in the history section:
timeline forms
timeline book instructions
streams of civilization volume one
maps for school children
chicken mummy
a child's history of the world schedule & book suggestions


math
in the math section i have printable items such as math work paper, number line paper, multiplication charts, coordinate grid paper, drill sheets, triangular flash cards, clock worksheets, money worksheets, black & white graph paper and color, a fraction pie, and a write-up about unit multipliers

science
"studying the sciences develops deductive and inductive reasoning skills and increases logical comprehension. it is also a hands-on approach to learning and practicing "scientific method," of which a fundamental and practiced knowledge is ..."
		
nature journal
life science (youngminds)
sky watching (youngminds)
lab sheets
outlines
science art
garden


apologia science 
because i used this curriculum, i have lesson plans for some of the books. for my children, i made vocabulary bookmarks as a study aid & those are online as well.
e.c.w. general science
e.c.w. physical science
e.c.w. biology
apologia's young explorer series toc planners
	  donated co-op schedules

donna young





welcome to donnayoung.org!
random recipechicken salad
random articlehomeschooling - the basic high school transcript
clean calendar





dated rule
dated rule is a calendar which features one ruled line per day of the year. dated rule calendar consist of 12 pages displaying one month per page with mondays being highlighted with bold text. this calendar is similar to a fragmentary account.

new homeschoolers and planning
to make this section easier to understand, i am in the process of editing the pages in this series: the four steps of homeschool planning. at this time, steps one and three are finished. the files linked on these pages have been made to become free to print.

new tomato soup recipe
i have posted the tomato soup recipe that i worked on developing this summer. it is made from tomato juice with a butter and flour base for thickening. the recipe is on the tomato soup recipe page.

printable christmas gift tagsprintable christmas gift tags - near the bottom of the gift tag page,  you will find more printable sheets of ready to print christmas gift tags.
gray line handwriting papergray line is named such because the lower part of the rule is gray. in the file links below the gray rule is described as dark, medium, or light. gray line is available in seven rule heights and includes two rule styles - regular and tall. gray line also comes in blank-top.
clock worksheetsi've added 3 dozen new clock worksheets. youngminds subscribers get 3 1/2 dozen new clock worksheets.


member's login  | dy's blog 










copyright © 1999 - 2025 donna young, all rights reserved
 rss feed  ·
	  terms of use  ·
	  privacy policy ·
	  faq's ·
	  blog ·
	  site index

subscribe to donnayoung.org update feed by email






donnayoung.org
donna young's homeschool website
homeschooling
homeschool planner
household
calendars
art
english
handwriting
history
math
science



what's new
site index
hs planner index
art index
english index
all calendar index
blog
rss feed
hsf forum archives
hsf cookbook


articlescomposition book handwriting lessons
homemade handwriting lessons: manuscript
homemade handwriting lessons: cursive
an idea to study words
make a word book - companion page to previous link
sentence building - activity one - subject | transitive verb | direct object
sentence building - activity two - subject | intransitive verb
ease into writing: timed writing
copy work and dictation
parallelism in writing
the linking verbs
lessons in alphabetizing words





drawing with children


president ruled paper









you are at donnayoung.org, online since 1998. thank you for visiting my website. donna young
back to top


