







home | tony woodlief | author


























































		skip to content


tony woodlief | author












 

















home
my work

fiction and creative writing
faith and parenting
politics and culture


appearances
 

 menu


home
my work

fiction and creative writing
faith and parenting
politics and culture


appearances
 
































 

















“we shall not all sleep is a captivating coming-of-age story woven with danger, mystery, and the bonds between father and son, husband and wife, and faithful friends. it is a haunting tale of a quest, enduring love, and the price of redemption.”
read more about the book here.
listen to me read the first paragraph here.
listen to the soundtrack here.
buy the book at b&n, amazon, or if you want to support independent booksellers, at bookshop. if you buy directly from slant books, you’ll be supporting a non-profit publisher dedicated to printing beautiful work that doesn’t fit the algorithms of big publishing.

 
early reviews of we shall not all sleep

we shall not all sleep is an emotionally charged, beautifully written portrait of a father and son’s deep love for each other, and of the guilt and hauntings, both real and imagined, that threaten and challenge them. it’s very thoughtful and very fine.
ron hansen, author of mariette in ecstasy

tony woodlief has written an incantatory novel that seeps into your heart and will not let you go. we shall not all sleep asks essential questions. when the present and past break you, when hauntings won’t release you, when mysteriously dark forces whisper in the wind, what do you do? the novel’s answer will shake you to your core, will make you wiser, will inspire you to believe in the power of love again, and will—as all great books do—change you. these characters and their lives—so human, so flawed, so beautiful—will stay with you long after the final page is turned.
connie may fowler, author of before women had wings
 

tony woodlief’s work is the unvarnished, resolute, hardwood prose of a man who writes with a determined honesty—as if he is staking ground in a battle; as if god is staring him in the face and he dare write nothing less. to read him is as bracing as it is rewarding.
a.g. harmon, author of a house all stilled
 
















tony woodlief 






				author + columnist			







tony woodlief is a writer born and raised in north carolina. he spent many years in the midwest before moving back to a small town in his home state, and along the way he earned a phd in political science from the university of michigan and an mfa from wichita state university. his essays on faith, parenting, politics, and culture have appeared in the wall street journal, the washington post, the new york post, and other publications. his short fiction has appeared in image, reckon review, ruminate, dappled things, and elsewhere. his story “name” received a pushcart honorable mention in 2010, and was included in image journal’s 25th anniversary anthology.tony’s spiritual memoir, somewhere more holy, was listed among image’s top ten works of 2010. his 2021 book i, citizen, has received praise from readers across the political spectrum, and sparked the award-winning 2023 documentary undivide us. his novel, we shall not all sleep, will be published by slant books on october 29th. 











 












“tony woodlief’s work is the unvarnished, resolute, hardwood prose of a man who writes with a determined honesty—as if he is staking ground in a battle; as if god is staring him in the face and he dare write nothing less. to read him is as bracing as it is rewarding.”     – a.g. harmon, author,        some bore gifts “tony woodlief is a writer of remarkable range.”     – image “one day you’re going to write something that gets you shot.”     – tony’s mama 

















 






















tony woodlief 






				author + columnist			













 











				tony woodlief writes essays, creative non-fiction, and fiction. his writing on politics, faith, parenting, and culture has appeared in the wall street journal, the new york post, governing, and dozens of other publications. his short fiction has appeared in image, ruminate, saint katherine review, and elsewhere. an alumnus of the university of north carolina, tony holds a ph.d. in political science from the university of michigan, and an mfa in creative writing from wichita state university. he is the founder of


intentional fathering, which is devoted to helping fathers build better parenting habits, and the author of


i, citizen, a book about reclaiming american self-governance.					











“tony woodlief explains why localizing politics and loving thy neighbor can help heal our ailing country.”bill kauffman, author, dispatches from the muckdog gazette 











“tony woodlief is a writer of remarkable range.”     – image“one day you’re going to write something that gets you shot.”     – tony’s mama 






















if you'd like to receive brief, delightful, infrequent notes from me, sign up for my free newsletter: 


















check it out


























i, citizen 




tony woodlief offers a refreshing truth about america, which is that we aren’t nearly so divided as pundits would have us believe. deftly walking the reader through polling data and political history with a generous helping of humor, woodlief shows that the real problem is not a looming civil war between citizens, but quiet collusion among the political class to undermine the capacity of everyday citizens to govern their communities as they see fit. woodlief concludes with steps we can all take to reclaim american self-governance. 







buy the book



























 










fiction and creative writing 




				humorous missives, unflinching essays, and pushcart-nominated fiction. if you’ve ever wondered how theologian-turned-romance-writer john calvin would behave in a creative-writing workshop, for example, have i got a story for you.					







read more...



















faith and parenthood 




resources for fathers who want to do better, reflections for parents of all ages, and earnest grappling with faith and doubt. 







read more...














 
















politics and culture 




essays on topics like free speech, community autonomy, and busting up big school districts, with an occasional foray into existential struggles, like the imperative of killing vampires. 







read more...














 















 


 
















back to the top ⇧ 





 








facebook
 



twitter
 
























©2021 tony woodlief. all rights reserved.  










 






we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 












































close gdpr cookie settings






 







privacy overview









strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 









 

