





ulch – complex world. thoughtful church.
















































































search





 

						sunday worship 10:30am – in person/zoom/youtube					













				complex world. thoughtful church.			






					complex world. thoughtful church.				







join us!

staff
what we believe

affirmation of welcome (1990’s, adapted in 2015-16)
racial justice statement (february 2018)
statement against violence toward asian american/pacific islanders (may 2021)


annual reports
trust board
health and wellness

health and wellness
response to covid-19


congregational leadership and member resources
parking and events
library
the visitor newsletter
pease academy
history of university lutheran church of hope
tech updates


worship

what to expect
worship services
music
worship leaders
sunday readings
sermons
child care


faith formation

children and families
confirmation
sunday forums
youth


community

care and nurture
creation care initiative
hope solar array
hope ulchers band
justice and advocacy
recreation & retreats
small group ministries
students and young adults
wood-fired oven


getting involved

i’m new
welcome to hope
getting involved


calendar
give

give – make a contribution
gently held
opening doors 2

opening doors 2 capital appeal




































our mission
university lutheran church of hope is a dynamic, welcoming community of faith, centered in god’s grace and called to demonstrate god’s love for the world.
























 join us for sunday worship at 10:30am
we value the health and wellness of the community. if you aren’t feeling well, please worship online. masks are optional and welcome.worship is in the sanctuary, with a zoom option and a youtube option. link to youtube here. to use zoom for worship or the adult forum, check your sunday worship email, thursday epistle email or check with a staff person.  the forum uses a different zoom link from worship.many services at university lutheran church of hope include holy communion; for those worshiping online, have bread/wine/grape juice available. please click here for the sunday worship bulletin.
do you need to review your volunteer assignments or request a swap?  log into ministry scheduler pro by clicking here.
 











						worship					

						learn about our vibrant worship.					









						education					

						discover christian education for all.					









						students					

						engage in lutheran campus ministry.					








events 
		there are no events to show.	


 


 


 





 
is there a prayer request you'd like to submit?
giving


clicking the button below will take you to a secure page for donating through simply giving.  thank you!


give now

















601 13th ave se, minneapolis, mn 55414-1437


											worship sundays at 10:30 am.
the church office is open weekdays from 9:00am to 2:00pm										



													(612) 331-5988												








more info
directions








						view full site					

						view mobile site					




							university lutheran church of hope is a welcoming, christian community of faith centered in god’s grace and called to demonstrate god’s love for the world.
						

















