








home - bethany village




































































































































































facebookinstagramhome
discover bethany village

about bethany village
water fountain
live
work
play
now leasing
community contacts


merchant directory
events

events at bethany village
egg hunt
spring market
last day of school celebration
summer concert series
oktoberfest
halloween hunt
tree lighting and holiday market
vendors


tenant login portal

search





menu



 










welcome to bethany village 



 bethany village is a premier shopping center located in portland, near beaverton and hillsboro, offering a wide variety of dining, retail, business and educational services, as well as special events year-round within the bethany neighborhood. 






plan your visit











shopping, dining, and services 



looking for a community that has it all? look no further than bethany village. with a plethora of diverse dining options, bakeries, boutiques, and services, our neighborhood has everything you need to make your day-to-day life easier and more enjoyable. whether you live in the area or are visiting the community, we welcome you to come and discover all that bethany village has to offer. 






bethany village directory









  








 


 


 previous slide


 next slide













 






events at bethany village 



at bethany village, we believe in the power of community. that’s why we host a variety of events throughout the year to bring together the greater bethany neighborhood, as well as visitors from portland and beaverton, oregon. from summer music events to holiday celebrations with markets of local businesses, there’s always something happening at bethany village. to stay up to date on all our upcoming events, be sure to check out our events calendar and follow us on instagram and facebook. 






bethany village events













directions to bethany village 



address: 15160 nw laidlaw rd, portland, or 97229if you’re planning to visit bethany village using public transportation, you’ll be pleased to know that the trimet bus routes 47 and 67 have stops just across the street along nw bethany blvd/nw laidlaw rd. additionally, ride connection has introduced the bethanylink, which conveniently drops you off directly in bethany village centre at the corner of nw central dr. and nw 153rd terrace, monday through friday. click below for more information and directions! 








google map directions










trimet trip planner










bethanylink schedule











 











let's get social 



did you know that bethany village has a bunch of cool stuff going on all the time?
if you want to be in the know about events, sales, and giveaways, make sure to follow us on social media. 



 


facebook
 



instagram
 











a central bethany property 



bethany village is a central bethany property.  founded in 1991, central bethany is a full-service real estate development, management, and investment company committed to building communities that thrive. central bethany is the managing group for central bethany development, central bethany construction, and rkm development. 







© copyright 2025 | bethany village   
terms of service
privacy policy







scroll to top


 
 




x

 














































































