






ceca



























































ceca


























menu

 


about us
partners
products
media
people
contact




















 

 

 













about us
 



ceca supply inc. is a privately held corporation located in houston, texas.  we were founded in 2002 and have operated in the middle east and africa since our inception.  ceca has a multi-faceted business model that focusses on the export of oilfield equipment into the mena and sub sahara african regions.  we are a full service sales organization specializing in providing oilfield equipment and related services to our overseas customers.  we have partnered with a group of industry leading manufacturing partners to provide our clients with the best equipment, service and support at competitive pricing.  our business interests are focused on the upstream, midstream and downstream sectors of the oil industry with a diverse group of clients spread across the regions where we operate.  our clients are supported via our headquarters in the united states and two overseas offices located in algeria and tunisia.  







our expertise
 



with over 20 years of experience working in the mena and sub-saharan africa region our company has developed the most efficient and streamlined process of getting our partners&rsquo; products to our clients.  we do this with our financial strength and stability, our regional knowledge, and the diverse group of employees we have on our team.our highly experienced team of industry professionals are skilled in all aspects of finance, logistics, procurement, marketing, sales and after sales management.  we have local facilities in the regions where we operate giving us direct daily access to and communications with our clients. our local staff of technicians and engineers are trained by the manufacturers we represent to act as the first line of contact with our clients.  these professionals are ready to assist with after sales service, maintenance, onsite training and equipment inspections.ceca’s real value to the companies we represent is taking the bid preparation, financial and logistic risks out of the international bidding and export process.  ceca buys the equipment in the us, pays in us dollars, issues all bid and performance bonds, ships the material, and our local staff are always present when the client receives the material at the final destination.where there is a need throughout the world for oilfield equipment or replacement parts, we have the expertise to assess, procure and deliver.  











ceca has partnered with top manufacturers in the u.s, europe, china & india to deliver high quality equipment and spare parts to our customers.
 



our motto is “better quality and better service always”. providing quality products you can depend on and continued service throughout the life of your projects is our expertise.we are proud to proclaim that all of our partners share these same values and commitment towards the end user. 



ceca-pettibone testimonial
 







									ceca has been partners with pettibone on the african continent since 2007 and consider them to be one of our most valued partners. we have provided their equipment, parts, training and operator assistance to our clients throughout our time together and look forward to continuing the partnership for many years to come.									








 








ceca manufacturing partners
 







derrick equipment companyderrick is leading the way by offering the most effective solids control equipment available on the market today.  satisfying the ever-changing needs of the oil & gas industry for more than three decades, derrick has shaped the direction of solids control through leading edge technological advancements.


www.derrick.com 







pettiboneleader in the manufacture and design of quality material handling equipment.




www.gopettibone.com 











forum energy technologiesforum energy technologies (fet) is a leading global manufacturer of mission critical, complex, stocked and custom oilfield products and related after-market technical services, for use onshore and offshore. we have assembled some of the most well-known brands in our industry and bring innovative solutions to our worldwide customers.


www.f-e-t.com 







packardleader in the manufacture and design of quality material handling equipment.




www.gopettibone.com 











probea world leader in the manufacturing and supply of cased hole well logging and advanced monitoring technology




www.probe1.com 







o’drill mcm
the company was started in 1982 and has become a world renown and well-established oil field company that manufactures pumps, valves and solid separation equipment. our philosophy has been simple – to manufacture quality products, provide dependable service and be competitive in the marketplace.


in our 38-year-old history, we have manufactured and offered a variety of oilfield specialty products and serviced many companies in various industries by providing both standard and customized products. for more information on our product line please visit our website – odrillmcm.com



www.odrillmcm.com 











contitechcontitech oil & marine corp. is a leading developer and manufacturer of rubber and composite hoses for various applications. the company is recognized world-wide as an innovative designer and manufacturer of high quality and technically advanced high pressure hoses.




www.contitech-oil-marine.us 







kerui group 
with more than 1,000 employees serving in 30 countries all over the world, kerui group is a pioneer in designing and manufacturing of drilling equipment and engineering services for oilfields, which was established in 2001 and the headquarters lies in dongying . shandong , china.


www.keruigroup.com
 











russell oilfield
russell oilfields core business is the manufacture and sale of replacement parts for drawworks, pumps, rotary tables, swivels, traveling equipment and most any other type of drilling equipment. russell products are 100% interchangeable with those of the original equipment manufacturer in every way.




www.russelloilfield.com 







cam-techcam-tech products, inc. is dedicated to providing the drilling industry quality pipe handling equipment, excellent service, and competitive prices. our sales representatives and agent network are qualified and respected with many years of experience and are capable of handling the most complex situations.




www.cam-tech.com 











aereon
aereon is a global leader in gas/vapor combustion and vapor recovery technologies & services. aereon was created in 2012, when flare industries acquired jordan technologies. aereon offers today’s broadest product line of air-emissions control equipment, including custom and standard flare systems, enclosed combustion systems, and vapor recovery units (vrus). we also provide comprehensive support worldwide through our global service organization.




www.aereon.com 







fonda
shenyang fonda specializes in designing, manufacturing, and servicing of api 610 centrifugal pumps and spare parts. the product range covers most of api 610 pumps for types of applications for oil and gas industries.


we provide our customer customized products and peace of mind services, more importantly, we offer our customers the support they need to develop and conduct their business successfully.



www.fondapumps.com
 











jet-lube
since the late 1980's. jet-lube has led the way in the development of environmentally-acceptable lubricants, sealants, and related specialty products.




www.jetlube.com 







downhole & design
downhole & design international corporation has been providing slickline and completions tools since 1965. ddic is known around the world for their dedication to supplying the highest quality tools, and are api 14l, q1, and iso 9001:2015 certified.



www.ddintlcorp.com 











msi
msi manufactures the highest quality, safest flow control equipment available. from our humble beginnings as an oilfield repair shop in 1933 to becoming a global manufacturer of high pressure plug valves, fittings, well service pumps, and other flow control equipment, msi has always held product safety, quality, and service in high regard.




www.diwmsi.com 







tsc offshore
tsc offshore is a global product and service provider, serving both onshore and offshore drilling industries worldwide. tsc's comprehensive product lines include drilling equipment, mechanical handling equipment, solids control equipment, power control and drives, tensioning and compensation systems for semi-submersible rigs and drillships





www.t-s-c.com 











applied oil tools
applied oil tools has manufactured and distributed fishing tools and down-hole related products for over thirty years. their products have been distributed to over seventy five countries on six continents.



www.appliedoiltools.com 







cutting & wearcutting & wear are an industry leading producer of hardfacing consumables and downhole drilling tools. our products & services are provided to a very wide base of customers in the oil & gas drilling arena across the world, and include hardfacing consumables, hardfacing systems & training, downhole tool design, manufacture and testing.



www.cwuk.com 











pipeline precision engineeringpipeline precision engineering limited (ppe) is a uk based iso 9001:2015 certified designer and manufacturer of steel pressure vessels, piping systems, and specialist pipeline equipment for onshore and offshore applications. with over 80 years of combined experience ppe has extensive capabilities facilitating a full turnkey service to deliver bespoke projects from concept and manufacture through to factory testing and deployment to site.



www.pipelineprecision.com 







lea-der
lea-der™ coatings has worked with the oil industry for over twenty years. their safety matting has proven to be the best in traction safety and is used by land and sea drilling companies around the world from australia, south east asia, russia, europe and africa to the americas. custom manufactured with a high visual impact. our industrial polyurethane rig floor matting provides a safe and durable traction surface capable of withstanding the toughest conditions whilst protecting your most valuable assets.



www.lea-der.com 















ceca provides high quality drilling equipment and spare parts from top manufacturers in the u.s. & europe.
 










complete rig packages

mast & substructuretop drivesdrawworksmud pumpstravelling equipmentrotary swivelsrotary tablestorque converters







capital drilling equipment

 






blow out preventersbop control systemsbop test unitshoke & kill manifoldsdrilling mud motorssolids control equipmentpower generation equipmentwell stimulation equipmentscr systems 







 














pipe handling equipment

spinning wrenchesair hydraulic and manual slipskelly spinnersmake up / break out systemselevatorstongslinkssafety clamps







specialist equipment

fishing toolsheavy duty material handling equipmentanti-slip matting and ancillary productshydraulic power unitsflowline equipmentsthread compoundsrelocatable camps & portable housingair winches







spares & ancillary items

drawworks spares: brake bands. brake rims. catheads. clutches clutch drums. chain. sprockets. brake blocks. bearings etc…mud pump spares: fluid end modules. fluid end expendables. piston rods. connecting rods. crossheads. crosshead liners. crosshead pins. liner wear plates. pinion shafts. eccentric gears. shim sets. discharge strainers. pulsation. dampeners etc…travelling equipment spares – sheaves. bearings. seals etc…rotary swivel spares – goosenecks washpipe cartridge assemblies. swivel rings and shim sets.kelly valves. ibop valves and safety valves.entrifugal pumps and packages with electric motor – engine drive.master bushings. casing bushing. kelly bushings. insert bowls and spares.shaker screens for a variety of shale shaker manufacturers.float valves and relief valves and spares.ring joint gasketsrotary and vibrator hoses.



















































rami touma speaks on panel at 2019 break bulk americas conference on exim bank
 








 












exim bank announces fy 2016 awardsmay 2017small business exporter of the year (a): ceca supply & services inc. ceca supply & services inc. (ceca) of houston, texas, has relied upon exim bank’s working capital guarantee program for nearly a decade to export oilfield equipment, including piping, drills and compressors to algeria and contribute to the development of the oil and gas industry. founded in 2002, ceca currently employs nine people in houston. since taking advantage of exim guarantees of working capital loans extended by amegy bank of texas, a member of zions bancorporation (zb n.a.), the company has increased its sales from $5 million to just over $60 million, all of which are export-related. in fy 2016 alone, ceca exported $52 million of goods and services with exim’s support.https://www.exim.gov/news/exim-bank-announces-fy-2016-awardsceca supply & services receives presidential “e star” awardmay 2016 ceca supply & services was honored to receive the presidential “e star” award this year.  the “e star” award recognizes continued superior performance in increasing or promoting exports. the award was presented to ceca by penny prizker, secretary of commerce at a formal ceremony held in washington dc.https://www.commerce.gov/news/press-releases/2016/05/us-secretary-commerce-penny-pritzker-honors-us-companies-presidentialnapec exhibitormarch 2016ceca supply & services participated as an exhibitor at the 6th annual north african petroleum exhibition & conferences (napec) which took place in algiers, march 8th-11th.read more:www.napec-dz.comex-im bank uses ceca supply as example of program’s successnovember 2014read more:http://www.exim.gov/news/export-import-bank-small-business-success-houston-texashttps://www.chron.com/neighborhood/friendswood/opinion/article/touma-putting-texas-manufacturers-at-risk-9708475.phphttps://www.houstonchronicle.com/opinion/outlook/article/the-export-import-bank-costs-nothing-and-boost-12478830.phpiadc african drilling showoctober 2014ceca supply was an exhibitor at the 2014 iadc african drilling show held in paris, france october 1st and 2nd. we look forward to participating in the 2016 show held in cape town south africa.ceca sponsors the 2014 algerian international trade showjune 2014ceca supply was a proud sponsor of the 2014 algiers international trade fair. with over 80 u.s. companies making their way to algeria for the event, turnout was better than ever. the event took place on the beautiful mediterranean coastline of north africa.hassi-messaoud international oil & gas expositionmarch 2014ceca supply participated in the 2014 hassi-messaoud international oil & gas exposition. this was our third year at the event and it gets more impressive with each passing year. if you can use the interview pic here, try to incorporate it. if not, don’t worry.the libya dialoguefeb 2014ceca was a recent sponsor and attendee of the libya dialogue conference held in istanbul turkey february 10th & 11th 2014.our goal was to confer with the libyan oil minister and his team regarding the system the libyan government plans to institute for all foreign companies that wish to do business there. it was a successful show with input from exxon mobile, bp, conoco phillips, schlumberger and others.commerce secretary gary locke honors u.s. companies with highest presidential award for exportsmay 2010the presidential “e” award was created by president john f. kennedy in 1961 to recognize persons, firms or organizations that contribute significantly to increasing u.s. exports. the “e star” award, meanwhile, recognizes continued superior performance in increasing or promoting exports. ceca was honored to receive this award in 2010 via a formal ceremony in washington dc headed by then commerce secretary, gene locke.read more:www.commerce.gov/newsnew agreement with derrick equipment companyaugust 2009ceca and derrick equipment have partnered up to ensure the north african market has full coverage of derrick equipment, parts, service, and commissioning. we look forward to working with this well respected company this year and beyond.read more:www.derrickequipment.comceca awarded iso certificationoctober 2007read more:en.wikipedia.org/wiki/is09000libya officeapril 2007ceca supply has opened a libya office with our partners onos, a well respected supplier of equipment in libya for over 7 years.read more:www.cecaserv.comtripoli oil showdecember 2006ceca was an early investor in the libyan oil sector and our attending this show was a good first step to our success in the market.read more:www.oilandgaslibya.com 











ceca has employed the best professionals from around the world in sales, business development, shipping and procurement in both the u.s. and abroad.

our employees communicate in the local languages, are familiar with local customs and the local business environment. 







 















 



united states 







1175 brittmoore rd.houston, tx 77043tel:713 780 3665fax:713 780 1947email: info@ceca.com 






map















 



algeria 







bir messaoud – hassi-messaoud –ouargla – algeriatel:+029 74 53 23tel – 029 74 53 00fax:+029 74 52 72email: info@ceca.com 






map















 



libya 







elhaie ezzeraie , hadba kadra , tripoli-libyatel:+218 21 7262308fax:+218 21 7262348cell:+218 91 3513497email: info@ceca.com 






map















 



tunisia 







bp #6 hammamlif benarous 2050 –tunisiatel:+216 7143 7123fax:+216 7143 7123email: info@ceca.com 






map



















please do not hesitate to contact us.
 





 












name*




phone number*






phone number*




website






comment











		










 



 











 






©2025 ceca supply & services inc. powered by nodus solutions 






 
























