


living to 100 life expectancy calculator













home
take the calculator

contact dr perls
about the calculator
links


follow @thperls





 


                                expanded from the ground-breaking book living to 100.
                        
 
 




life expectancy calculator
the living to 100 life expectancy calculator uses the most current and carefully researched medical and scientific data in order to estimate how old you will live to be. most people score in their late eighties... how about you?
the calculator asks you 40 quick questions related to your health and family history, and takes about 10 minutes to complete. at the end, you will be asked to create an account to store your answers.
 





take the calculator

in addition you will receive:

personalized feedback for each of your answers
a personalized "to-do" list for you and your physician
a list of things you can do differently and how many years you will add if you do so
the option to sign up to take the calculator again so you can keep track of your answers and see if your calculated life expectancy gets better or worse. we will send you a yearly reminder to come visit us!


 
 

comments from our users
thanks for providing this interesting site — it's good to know how one is getting on! i am going to suggest that my husband does the questionnaire — it might frighten him into giving smoking up, and my daughter might be encouraged to stop her bad eating habits!
i.m.


just this week, i'm announcing my retirement at work — effective in june — and it was terrific to have a cheery prognostication of nearly thirty years to enjoy it in! (and that's without looking up my blood pressure figures, which i'm always told are stellar!) your "test" was easy and fun to take and encourages me to continue doing what i do well and to address those areas where i know i could improve. now, if the results only came with a guarantee...
j.y.
 

i found this very enlightening… and encouraging! as a school nurse, i will recommend it to our staff.
k.h.
 



                                the society of certified
                senior advisorstm (scsa) grants the certified
                senior advisor (csa)® designation. the society
                of csa is an educational organization that provides an
                in-depth certification program on senior issues to professionals
                who work with seniors.
                        

 
 


press coverage





                                        "chasing life": a cnn special with dr sanjay gupta
 


 






                                        datingnews.com
                                
 
 

related links






                                        growth hormone
                                
 


 






                                        long life family study
                                
 
 
 



home
|
privacy statement
|
disclaimer
|
legal statement




livingto100™, 2025. all rights reserved. patent filed and pending.
if you experience any problems with this site, please send your comments to webmaster@livingto100.com






