


cocker spaniel information from the zim family






























welcome to jim & kellyn zimmerlin's cocker spaniel web site...  which most people simply call zim family cockers, or simply zim's.  
for 15 years, jim and kellyn were breeders of american cocker spaniel puppies, until retiring from dog breeding in 2010.

this site is full of information about the american cocker spaniel and also features hundreds of photos of the adorable puppies the zims 
have raised over the years.
scroll down the page to see a lot more.  learn how to beat those horrible ear infections, 
find out about the cocker grooming videos that will teach you how to do those haircuts yourself, and enjoy all the great cocker pictures!
first-time visitor to our web site?  read this!







zim cockers :
american cocker spaniel
information & photos






to begin exploring this web site,
please click on one of the following items:









general information about the breed
if you've never owned a cocker before, but you'd like to find out more about the breed...  this is the page 
for you.  i've put together some basic information about both the good and bad aspects of the breed...  plus, there are photos 
that show just about all of the various coat colors that cockers come in.












how to groom an american cocker spaniel
my instructional video about how to groom a cocker spaniel is  available 
for viewing!  
i used to sell this video on dvd for $30, but now you can watch it for free.  this video will be useful to just about anyone that owns 
a cocker spaniel.  it shows you how to do your own cocker grooming so that you can stop paying the big bucks to professional groomers.  
find out about what equipment you have to have to get the job done, and learn the techniques you need to do a good job.












how to prevent and treat ear infections
almost every cocker spaniel will have problems with ear infections during his/her lifetime...  
some so severe that they could require surgery.  many cocker owners have spent big bucks at the vet treating ear 
infections, only to have the infections return over and over again.  i share the not-so-secret-recipe for an 
ear cleaning solution that will completely solve this problem for most dogs.












tips about cocker spaniels

looking for a cocker breeder near you?  trying to potty train your new puppy?  need advice?  
check out my tips on buying a cocker puppy, tips on raising a 
cocker puppy, potty-training tips, tips on delivering a litter of puppies, 
how to be a responsible breeder, information about how to prevent ear infections, and 
an amusing list of the top ten signs that your cocker is addicted to tennis balls.












pictures of some of the previous litters of zim puppies
hundreds of adorable pictures of our pups from the last few years, with commentary from 
the photographer.  sit back and be entertained by some great photos of cute cocker spaniel puppies!












all about zim
take a minute to meet jim zim, learn about his history with cocker spaniels, 
and learn about the breeding philosophy embraced during the 15-year-long breeding program of zim family cockers.











cocker spaniel rescue
if you're looking for a cocker to add to your family, and you don't want to put up with potty training 
and all the chewing that goes along with raising a puppy...  you might want to consider rescuing an adult.  let 
me explain how to locate cockers in shelters near you.












the cocker photo book 
download to your iphone or ipad for just $2.99!
i've taken so many great photos over the years that it finally dawned on me that i had the basis of a 
great coffee-table book.  you'll find all the photos that i'm most proud of in this 100 page book called "parti color 
american cocker spaniels (and the people who love them)".  you can preview the book online for free, and if you like it...
  you can order a real hard copy for yourself, or download it to your iphone or ipad.












free cocker pictures for your computer desktop
here's a collection of some of the best photos i've ever taken with my various digital cameras.  
i've sized them so that they'll be perfect as your windows desktop background...  and i've included instructions on how 
to turn them in to a screensaver slideshow, too.  they're free for your personal, non-commercial use...  but if you 
want to use these pictures for anything other than your desktop background, you need to get my permission first, ok?












frequently asked questions
here are answers to some of the questions i seem to get over and over in my inbox!  
save us both some time and read this first before you email me.












products recommended for cocker spaniel owners
there are several products such as flea treatments, grooming tools, and chew toys that 
will make the life of a cocker owner a whole lot easier.  learn from our experiences over the last 30+ years and 
try some of the products we wouldn't want to live without!  if you've ever wondered things like "what size crate 
should i use?" or "what kind of electric clippers work best?", this is the page for you.












cocker spaniel videos
over the years, i've shot a lot of video of our dogs and 
our puppies playing and having fun...  and made a lot of slideshows of my 
still pictures.  browse through my collection, and enjoy!  but keep in 
mind that a lot of these videos and photos were created back in the 1990s and 
are very low resolution by today's standards!




questions?  comments?  read this first, and then
feel free to send an email to jim zimmerlin
if you find navigating through our web site to be a little awkward,
perhaps you might prefer to just see the table of contents.
can't seem to find what you're looking for on our web site? 
use the google search tool to search our entire site:




















 






web





www.zimfamilycockers.com


























copyright ©2021 jim zimmerlin, 
  pasco, washington.  all rights reserved.







