
















missouri legal services








      skip to main content
    










missouri legal services
provides free legal help to missourians











quick exit






search by keywords


search



search







menu










about us


programs


missouri legal aid by the numbers


financial and tax information


faqs




our website


about our website


missouri legal services website goals




be involved


employment opportunities


pro bono opportunties




offices


courts


missouri courts


access your case docket


self-representation and missouri court forms


missouri court responses to covid-19




legal information


donate


donate today!


why should you resolve to support civil legal aid in 2024?


why give to legal aid


everyone benefits from legal aid


missouri legal aid sucess stories


video:  a client's story




clinics


justice in schools - legal services of western missouri


tenant legal help clinic - kc, mo


mid-missouri legal services - justice in the halls clinic


uncontested divorce clinic - mid-missouri legal services


veterans law project: mid-missouri legal services


mid-missouri legal services clinics based upon interest


free legal clinic at st. louis public library’s central branch


gene taylor veterans clinic springfield mo


smba clean slate "expungement" clinic




























missouri legal services
legal aid programs providing free legal help to the low-income and disadvantaged in missouri













connect with your local legal aid program
 

there are four separate legal aid programs in missouri.  click the “program service area” button to see which legal aid program serves your county. 
click on a logo below to go to a legal aid program's official website. you will be able to find more information on available services.






program service area











types of free legal assistance provided

services












get legal aid
apply for legal aid at the legal aid program that serves your county.  you can apply by telephone or online with legal services of eastern missouri, legal services of southern missouri, or the legal aid of western missouri.

get legal aid












missouri tenant help
many persons served by legal aid programs in missouri may be facing eviction and are unable to get an attorney.  sadly, we do not have the resources to serve all those who seek our help.
we are providing a link to the https://motenanthelp.org can help self-represented persons defend themselves  the website can produce a document which a tenant can file with the court where their eviction is pending. additionally, the website has tons of helpful information about evictions.













"the cold weather rule" - utility disconnections
what is the cold weather rule?  the cold weather rule prohibits a utility company from disconnecting gas or electric utility service that is necessary to operate home heating equipment (such as a furnace) due to nonpayment of a utility bill during times of extreme cold. 

read more










legal information
click on legal information button to view all legal topics.

more legal topics






consumer





housing





domestic violence






more legal topics










news
news & publications
more news




31 dec 2024



new missouri law regarding the expungement of criminal records
jefferson city, mo. (ky3) - a provision contained within a larger criminal…
continue reading




17 dec 2024



lsc awards technology grants to missouri legal aid programs
lsc is awarding technology initiative grants (tig) totaling $584,106…
continue reading


















events
discover upcoming events.
see all events





26 apr 2025

legal services of southern missouri event

														6:00 pm - 9:30 pm
						
more details


see all events





















missouri legal services
provides free legal help to missourians







our mission


public notice


privacy policy


legal disclaimers


terms of use


staff intranet


contact us






powered by
© 2025 missouri legal services. all rights reserved




















