


dandelion botanical company







dandelion 
  botanical company
a natural 
  apothecary since 1996














site 
        map
 
herbs, bulk

salts, culinary

chinese patent formulas
ayurvedic caps
eclectic institute
women's health
wise women herbals
oregon wild harvest

essential oils
flower essences
tinctures & etc
homeopathics


tea
carrier oils & etc
bath products
candles
gift certificate

address 
        & map
order information


classes



links
gallery
artists
faq
animal customers



dandelion 
        is a family owned herbal apothecary specializing in quality botanicals. 
        we make a special point of buying from organic and ethically wildcrafted 
        sources when available. the brand names that we offer are those that reflect 
        our high standards.
        join us on facebook for the latest information, class reminders, tutorials and links



dandelion news
 
 sunday the 16th of january 2025 
welcome to dandelion botanical company!
announcing community acupuncture at dandelion botanical company!

what is community acupuncture?

community acupuncture is the practice of treating patients with acupuncture
and east asian medicine in a protected communal space. we mainly utilize a protocol called nada. nada 
involves the gentle placement of up to five small, sterilized disposable needles into specific sites
on each ear. the recipients sit quietly in a group setting for 20-30+ minutes, allowing the treatment
to take effect. nada ear acupuncture is an adjunct therapy which is clinically effective, cost-efficient,
drugfree and compatible cross-culturally.

healing center acupuncture services will be provided by theresa churchill.

you are welcome to join us at our community acupuncture sessions with theresa churchill on thursdays 10 am till 12 pm

starting december 7th here at dandelion botanical co.
 

go to eomhealingcenter.com to make an appointment (preferred) or walk-in

pay what you can options provided below.

access  $10.00 

support $15.00   

provide $20.00
 classes! check below for a list, click to go to the class sign-up page..



we have simplified some of our website navigation. all of the herbs and spices in the ayurvedic, chinese, and spices pages
have been moved to their respective bulk pages alphabetically.
 

dandelion has moved to sequim washington! we are excited to be working directly with our olympic peninsula 
organic farming community to bring you the highest quality locally sourced herbs and products
 in addition to our carefully sourced lines.
our new location is at the old nash’s farm store right in
 the heart of the sequim farming community, next to the dungeness river and a few blocks from
  the straits of juan de fuca.


our hours of operation are:
walk-in customers: wednesday through monday 10:00am to 6:00pm
telephone orders:  wednesday through monday 10:00am to 6:00pm
we are closed on tuesdays
online orders accepted anytime!


 current 
        class offerings:


          
        
          dreamwork series by lauren morgan:

          dreamwork for herbalists
          dreamwork for healers
          dreamwork for land tenders & earth lovers





      
      dandelion botanical company was voted one of the 5 best herb stores in america by rodale's organic life!
      we were highlighted in journey magazine! if you want a look here is a link 
        to a scan of the article. 


4681 sequim dungeness way, sequim, wa 98382
        (local)206-545-8892 (toll-free) 1-877-778-4869
        dandelion's hours are:
        10:00am to 6:00pm wednesday through monday for walk-in customers
        10:00am to 6:00pm wednesday through monday for telephone orders
        closed tuesdays
        24 hours a day, seven days a week for online orders. 







the products 
      on this site have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration, 
      and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. please 
      note that we cannot diagnose or prescribe or give medical advice to anyone. 
      please seek the advice of a professional practitioner. also, please note 
      that we cannot buy or sell any herbs listed by the usda as noxious weeds, 
      or plant products listed by the fda as controlled (see our links page for 
      more information) thank you. 





