







till.com











	    till.com
	    
	    don tillman’s various things
	    
	    since 1994
	  



news



	    latest article is
	  
	    nonlinearities in vacuum tubes, bipolar transistors, and field-effect transistors,
          an investigation into the harmonic distortion attributes
          inherent in these devices.
          




	    my javascript simulation of the triadex muse (marvin
	    minsky, edward fredkin) is part of the
	    
	      ai: more than human
            museum exhibit that started at the barbican centre
            (london), and then traveled to the groninger forum
            (netherlands), the world museum (liverpool), the guandong
            science center (china), and sede afundaciã³n a coruã±a
            (spain).
	  

professional


	    a substantial career in software engineering from microcode to ai
	    to web technologies.  user interface, product design, scientific and data
	    visualization, control system theory, with connections to math,
	    physics, and business.
	  

	    plus electrical engineering, digital electronics, digital signal
	    processing, analog circuit design, audio circuitry, electronic
	    music, and synthesis.
	  

	    apple, texas instruments, symbolics lisp machines, netscape,
	    marimba, riverbed technologies, and a bunch of startups.
	  

html resume

pdf resume


business articles


	    39 startup ideas

	    ’want to do something different?  over the last decade or so
	    i’ve put myself in a mindset where, when confronted with an
	    everyday problem or frustration, i pause to consider the
	    opportunities for a marketable solution or business
	    possibility.
	  

	    this actually happens a lot. so i try to keep an active list
	    of them here.
	  




	    startup proposal: intelligent traffic signals 

	    autonomous intelligent traffic signals have the potential to
	    significantly reduce traffic congestion, fuel consumption,
	    and exhaust emissions.  here are the details.
	  



	    a new business model for the music industry

	    the music industry doesn’t really have a business model
	    right now.  here is how record companies can actually win
	    big over the next couple decades.
	  

	    i wrote this a long time ago, and it’s a little long winded,
	    but the result is still applicable.
	  

electronics, physics, and math articles



	    nonlinearities in vacuum tubes, bipolar transistors, and field-effect transistors
new!

	    a serious analysis of the nonlinearities and distortion
	    components of the available audio amplifier devices.
	  




	    harmonic distortion, odd- and even-order

	    a guided tour through odd- and even-order harmonic
	    distortion characteristics with a new visualization.
	  




	    the kahn chaotic pendulum

	    a javascript simulation of ned kahn’s chaotic
	    pendulum exhibit at the exploratorium.
	  




	    an improved sine shaper circuit

	    a novel mathematical approximation to the sine function.  one
	    that is especially easy to implement in analog eletronics.
	  




	    the mechanics of moore’s law

	    a new article describes the mechanism behind moore’s law.
	  

	    weirdly	enough, silicon is not really involved.
	  




	    root locus demo of real poles with feedback

	    it is common practice in systems theory to take a filter
	    function with a number of poles on the real axis, apply
	    feedback, and the poles move from their original positions,
	    and can jump off the axis into the complex plane.  this is
	    described with root locus analysis.  i call
	    it pole dancing.
	  

	    this is an interactive javascript demo of the effect.
	  




	    square wave variations

	    square waves may appear uninteresting at first...  a closer
	    examination reveals the dramatic effects of the polarity and
	    phase of harmonics.
	  

	    "first of all, what the hell have you been smoking?" —
	    magnus danielson
	  




	    quadrature trapezoid voltage controlled oscillator

	    a voltage-controlled oscillator (vco) that can gracefully
	    go through zero hz to negative frequency is useful for
	    applications such as fm synthesis and chaotic systems.
	    it’s also a difficult engineering challenge.  my
	    solution is a new oscillator topology.
	  

	    the doepfer a-100-6 voltage-controlled oscillator
	    is based on this article.
	  



	    voltage controlled duty cycle sawtooth circuit

	    some quick notes on a circuit i came up that can morph from
	    a sawtooth to a triangle to a reverse sawtooth with a
	    control voltage.
	  

	    referenced by:
	  

	    dr. edward kelly, university of the arts london,
	    
	      wavefolding: modulation of adjustable symmetry in sawtooth and triangular waveforms,
	    proceedings of the international computer music conference 2016
	  

	    achim gratz,
	    
	      triangle / sawtooth vco with voltage controlled continously variable symmetry





	    an interpolating scanner circuit

	    juërgen haible invented the interpolating scanner.  i
	    always appreciated it as an interesting building block for
	    synthesis.  this circuit is an alternate approach.
	  

	    "i would like to thank don tillman. based on my interpolating
	    scanner idea, he created a very brilliant implementation of his
	    own, which is more elegant than my first solution in several ways."
	    — juërgen haible
	  

guitar physics and electronics articles



	    part 1: response effects of guitar pickup position and width

	    part 2: response effects of guitar pickup mixing

	    part 3: pickup response demonstration

	    in an acoustic guitar, any vibration eventually works its
	    way down the string, through the body, and out.  in an
	    electric guitar, the pickup only senses the string
	    movement in one location along the string in a specific
	    way.
	  

	    this is a set of articles that analyze the spectrum of
	    electromagnetic guitar pickups due to physical parameters,
	    such as the position of the pickup along the string, the
	    width of the magnetic aperture, and how multiple pickups
	    interact when mixed.  part 3 is an interactive graphical
	    javascript demo.
	  

	    these articles have been referenced in:
	  

	    paiva, pakarinen, välimäki,
	    
	      acoustics and modeling of pickups, 
	    journal of the audio engineering society, october 2012.
	  

	    kirk mcdonald, princeton university, 
	    
	      physics examples — electric guitar pickups.
	  

	    mohamad, dixon, harte,
	    
	      pickup position and plucking point estimation on an electric guitar
	    ,
	    journal of the acoustical society of america, 2017
	  

	    henri penttinen,
	    
	      acoustic timbre enhancement of guitar pickup signals with digitial filters
	    





	    a discrete fet guitar preamp

	    an fet preamp cable

	    this is the original discrete fet guitar preamp circuit that
	    has become known as the "tillman preamp".
	  

	    it can also be phantom-powered and built into a 1/4-inch
	    phone plug.
	  

electronic music articles



	    triadex muse in javascript


	    triadex muse in javascript, museum edition


	    the muse (with synchronized multiple muses) 
	  
the muse was a digital algorithmic music composer
	    invented in 1969 by marvin minsky and edward fredkin at
	    mit. it was built with the digital logic circuitry of the
	    day; gates, registers, and counters.  working units are
	    extremely rare.
	  

	    this is a software simulation of the muse that runs in a
	    browser.
	  

	    "muse in a browser, this is awesome folks!!" —
	    margaret minsky
	  

	    "this is so frigging great - possibly my favorite
	    soft-synth" — numan7/muffwiggler
	  

	    the javascript muse is part of a museum exhibit called
	    
	      ai: more than human starting at the barbican centre
	    in london, and various stops thereafter.  it will be
	    running on a tablet next to a physical muse, so vistors
	    can see the real thing, and try out the simulation.
	  




	    psych tone in javascript

	    don lancaster created a variation of the muse called
	    the psych tone and published the project as the
	    cover story in the february 1972 issue of popular
	    electronics magazine.  psych tones are rarer than muses.
	  

	    so this is a software simulation of don lancaster’s
	    psych tone that runs on a web page.
	  




	    moog synthesizer patent reviews

	    arp synthesizers patent reviews

	    mellotron/chamberlin patent reviews

	    back in the 90’s, when ibm’s almaden research
	    center scanned all the patents and made them available
	    online, i searched through the patents for some of the
	    major electronic music companies, studied them, and wrote
	    up a lot of patent reviews.  these included a description
	    of the invention, why it was significant, what products
	    used it, and their cultural impact.
	  




	    a palette of static audio waveforms

	    bored with audio oscillator waveforms?  me too.  here is a
	    musically powerful palette of waveforms, including two that
	    did not have names before.
	  



	    arp/rhodes chroma: upgrading the power supply ("nuclear powered chroma")

	    replace a rhodes chroma power supply with a modern switching unit.
	  



	    the mellotron

	    mellotron resources, notes, projects,
	    the mellotronists mailing list and the tale of a
	    restored m400 with mike pinder’s autograph.
	  

music

bayprog

	    everything the bay area progressive rock musician or fan
	    needs; concert listings, bands, venues, and lots of other
	    resources.  created in 1999, it was the first regional
	    prog rock music site.
	  



tesseract

	    in the late 90s and early 00s i led a pompous dinosaur
	    progressive art-rock band.
	  

and...

don’s blog

	    i was blogging for a while.  ‘gave it up.  i’d
	    rather write articles.
	  




      copyright 1994 to 2024, j. donald tillman, don -at- till.com, till.com



