benjamin b. ferencz | official website
              in memoriamnews




newsbiographyphotosstorieswritingsaudiovideocontactbenjamin ferencza former prosecutor at the nuremberg war crimes trialsabout benlaw. not war.beginning in 1945 with his prosecution of war criminals during the nuremberg tribunal, the work of benjamin ferencz has long focused on issues of international criminal justice and world peace. a strong supporter of the international criminal court, mr. ferencz dedicated much of his inspirational life to efforts to replace the “rule of force with the rule of law.”  this website is devoted to his life’s work. law, not war.more about ben ferenczben ferencza prolific thinker, writer, and advocatearticlesscholarly articles, op-eds, letters to the editor, and more. explore articlesaudioradio and podcast interviews, and lectures.explore audiobooksmanuscripts for scholarly and general audiences. explore booksvideotelevision appearances, presentations, and news clips.explore videonewsrecent newsapril 13, 2023benjamin ferencz: the man who sought peace through lawby oliver beauvallett, justice info benjamin ferencz, the last living nuremberg tribunal prosecutor died in the night of april 7 to 8 at the age of 103. french magistrate olivier beauvallet, who ...april 11, 2023justice, justice, he pursued: in memory of ben ferenczmichael bayzler and rabbi daniel bouskila, for jewish journal together we offer this loving tribute in memory of benjamin berrel ferencz, the last surviving prosecutor from the post-world war two ...april 8, 2023the washington post - "ben ferencz, last living nuremberg prosecutor, dies at 103"by emily langer, the washington post ben ferencz was a 27-year-old lawyer with no courtroom experience when he prosecuted what would be called the largest murder case in history. standing ...april 8, 2023new york times - benjamin b. ferencz, last surviving nuremberg prosecutor, dies at 103in addition to convicting prominent nazi war criminals, he crusaded for an international criminal court and for laws to end wars of aggression. read obituary here.may 12, 2022benjamin ferencz is the last surviving nuremberg prosecutor. he says vladimir putin is "certainly" a war criminal.by haley ott, cbs news as ukrainian authorities and the international community work to meticulously collate mounting evidence of russian war crimes in ukraine, the last surviving prosecutor ...september 29, 2021"ich war chefankläger im größten mordprozess der geschichte"benjamin ferencz jagte adolf hitler, in den nürnberger prozessen klagte er nazi-massenmörder an. im interview mit t-online berichtet der 101-jährige, wie er beweise in kzs fand.view all news“the world remains a very dangerous place. new weapons of devastating power threaten human survival directly, and, through their destabilizing effects on societies, indirectly. many young people in many lands are ready to kill and be killed for the particular cause of their ideology or nation. despite such obstacles, the spirit of nuremberg lives on. it is increasingly recognized that international disputes can and must be settled without the use of armed might.”—benjamin b. ferencz, 2010benjamin b. ferenczaboutnewsbiographyphotoswritingsstoriesaudiovideobookscontactpressfollowyoutubethis is the former website of ben ferencz. it is no longer being updated. the united states holocaust memorial museum ('museum') is maintaining this website in archive status for purposes of the historical record. views expressed on this website are not those of the museum, and the museum makes no representations or warranties about the information contained on this website.© 2024 benjamin b. ferencz. all materials on this site are protected by copyright and intellectual property laws and are the property of benferencz.org. unless stated otherwise, you may access and download the materials located on benferencz.org only for non-commercial use.