

fingerpick magazine high quality audio and video of the world of music and guitars






     volume two
    2010

























 
 
 
 
 
 

fast cars &
    old guitars

   music stores are the ultimate toy emporiums for those of us who are, for
    the most part, kids who have really never completely grown up. there are so many
    "toys" to look at in such wonderful places as these, plus in catalogs, and
    especially online, that their use as professional tools is often overshadowed by their
    sheer eye-popping fun factor. music should be fun. i am over 50 years old as i write this
    and yet, though i have several companies i own and run, my greatest joy is often found in
    playing guitars and creating music with the nearly limitless array of electronic equipment
    available. like most "boys" and i am sure many girls, i also love driving fast
    cars. i like a vehicle that instantly responds to where i point it and does so with plenty
    of g force. i can't imagine ever becoming a "grup" - a euphemism for
    "grown-up" from an episode of the original star trek television series. i love
    old guitars and new ones as well. and i am absolutely fascinated with the newest in
    recording technology, especially given the fact you can make cost effective recordings of
    a quality unmatched at any price ten years ago. 
   of course you have to have the song, the musicianship, and a tasteful
    arrangement. but even simple things shine when recorded at the resolutions available
    today. no tape hiss, unlimited takes - basically a musician's dream. and that's what this
    site is all about. the dreams of music, made available to all who wish to learn along with
    the encouragement to those who know already how to play well, to begin creating original
    works that express those things that make each creator special. we're not going to spend
    much time here teaching anyone to play like anyone else or even more than lightly touch on
    existing music. we want to foster the new, the cutting edge, the sensuous sweetness that
    has been absent from mainstream popular music for some time. we want you to continue to
    stretch the existing envelope and this will be the recurring theme of this publication for
    many years to come. we've owned the domain fingerpick since 1998. this project has taken
    many years to develop to our satisfaction and now it is only a few days from its official
    launch.
 





   let's take a look at the categories on the left with
    a brief explanation of the areas each one focuses on and why. fingerpick, though in a
    magazine format, will be added to rather than follow the more traditional course of a new
    issue created at regularly set intervals. we will continue to add to the content of this
    debut issue until it becomes unweildly, in other words, too full to efficiently navigate.
    at that time, the existing content will go in to the archives (back issues) section where
    it will still be available at any time for all that missed it.    before
    we explore an overview of each category though, let me first show you some video shot last
    year at gruhn's in nashville. gruhn's is a truly magical place. the video is of a 1944
    000-21 martin that i absolutely fell in love with. now this kind of guitar, while
    supremely sweet, is light as a feather and would be of little use for live performance as
    it is probably much too fragile to handle the rigors of the road, not to mention the fact
    that it took $12,000 to walk away with it. this is important to understand, for one of our
    goals here is to show both the practical and the delicate, the cost-effective and the
    luxurious, the useful and the opulent. for environmentally controlled studio work, i can't
    imagine a tastier piece of wood and steel. the .mpg's are for mac
    people. windows users should use the .wmv files, a
    parameter that is recommended throughout this magazine. the second set of
    video is a close up view and listen to this great little axe.






.wmv
        1944 martin
        000-21 $12k
.mpg
        1944 martin
        000-21 $12k








.wmv
        1944 martin
        closeup
.mpg
        1944 martin
        closeup



the magazine format
   there are twenty-one (21) categories or departments,
    if you will, that make up fingerpick magazine. we'll give you a brief
    overview of each one now. obviously it is intended that you use the links at left above to
    navigate the site. we feel that the following over view, which will be a part of the debut
    issue only, will help get everyone started in an efficient way. this site will ultimately
    provide a huge amount of information. we are in no rush to complete it as it will always
    be a work in progress and therefore never really, by definition, complete. this cover page
    will be updated in a month or so and begin the process of regularly updating this page to
    let you know what is new inside at any given time. until that first cover update, read the
    overview of the departments below. all of the categories should have their full initial
    content online in a week or so. the temporary links to the pages
    you'll find in the headings below will open new windows that you can close so you can
    quickly check for new content. the permanent "official" links at left above will
    take you directly to the appropriate page without opening a new window. they will always
    be there to guide your way on every page. check back often and always let us know your
    thoughts  by going to the contact page. as of 02/04/04, the cover, guitar basics, and
    the children and music pages have content you might enjoy.
cover page

the cover page
        (you are here now) will serve to introduce the site to first time users and keep
        all visitors abreast of any new additions to the current content. these additions will be
        ongoing as mentioned above until such time as it is necessary to put a current issue into
        the archives section. so check here first for what's new. you can reach any of the pages
        from anywhere on the site. we have made sure that navigation is easy and intuitive.

editorial page

the editorial
        section will be updated frequently as new ideas that cover the general
        subject of the music business arise. yes, there is politics to music and certain attitudes
        and trends really cannot be covered in any other way than to "editorialize"
        about them. you only have to realize that nearly everything you hear about music, whether
        it concerns genre, style, or the relative quality of equipment and instruments, is based
        almost entirely on opinion, almost never hard facts. the subjective nature of this field
        can be both interesting and annoying. no punches will be pulled in the section, but will
        always be suitably qualified as "opinion."

guitar basics

the guitar
        basics area should be pretty self-explanatory. we will take an ongoing look
        at shortcuts and improvements to understanding chord theory and the basics of the guitar
        in general including truly efficient tuning techniques and the use of accessories like
        picks and capos to allow your playing to grow exponentially. no matter what your level of
        playing ability or how long you have played, we think you'll be surprised to find that
        there is always something new to try here.

acoustic guitars

the acoustic guitar section is designed to be an area where you
        can really get your ears and eyes on a diverse group of interesting instruments. we will
        not be doing reviews of the relative quality of instruments. instead we'll provide video
        and high quality audio so you can decide for yourself each instrument's design attributes.
        in this section we will also discuss new cutting edge building techniques and how they
        relate to sound as well as older design philosophies that have stood the test of time.
        this section is designed to entertain as much as instruct, sharing with our readers the
        extreme versatility of the acoustic guitar.

electric guitars

the electric guitar section will focus on - yep, you got it, the
        electric guitar. no other single instrument has changed the face of popular music like the
        electric guitar. thought of as mostly a rock, blues, and jazz platform, we will share with
        you the incredibly diverse capabilities of these instruments including fingerpicking and
        classical and other highly melodic samples. i love these guitars as their simple yet
        highly efficient approach to reaching an audience is unmatched. this one is gonna be fun
        as there is little on the web that truly explores the amazing versatility of this
        instrument.

tools &
    accessories

the tools
        & accessories department will cover everything, over time, one could
        possibly need for maintaining and improving your instrument as well as all the handy
        necessities required for maximizing your ability to perform. the old and new  - the
        cool and the mundane, each may have a place in the working musician's arsenal.

technical tips

technical
        tips will open a door of
        opportunity for a diverse group of music industry professionals to share their unique
        points of view with our readers. all of those little problems, tricks, or enhancements
        that we so often worry over will be revealed in this continually growing section. we have
        a number of noted contributors involved already, from top players, producers, engineers,
        and guitar techs, to master instrument builders, musical electronics wizards, including
        well known purveyors of musical products who can give you insight on the best way to buy
        equipment. this may be your first chance to hear from the best and brightest in our
        business in an in-depth, friendly format of interviews and columns.

video instruction

the video
        instruction area is one of the main focal points of this publication. we'll clearly
        show you a wide range of techniques - not just talk about them. we will spend
        very little time teaching you riffs or other artists' songs. instead we will focus on the
        true basics of technique that ultimately will allow and encourage each of you to develop
        your own style and creations. we hope to ultimately learn as much from you as you do from
        us. this philosophy will permeate all sections of this publication as we find nothing more
        counterproductive than helping to create clones of other players. we want your individual
        perspectives and unique attributes to be enhanced. while we truly respect the work of the
        greats, the music world needs new heroes, not impersonators of old ones. you're never too
        old or too young to create a refreshingly new piece or style of music. the variables are
        unlimited as to how one approaches the musical form. we want to help you fly your own
        aircraft and relinquish your role as merely a dependent seat-belted passenger. so hang on
        and get ready to fly. - and we expect our readers to take us with them on the journey!

video demos

the video demos section will be both instructional and
        entertaining where full performances, by those working with fingerpick magazine, as well
        as other contributors, will take you on the sensuous journeys that can only be experienced
        with both great sound and beautiful video - video that focuses not only on the instrument
        but on the environment the performance is created within. a sight and sound experience.
        all files will be downloadble to your computer for more efficient viewing when ever you
        choose.

audio demos

audio demos will be much like the video demo section except for
        the video part, of course. mp3 compression technology allows players to create complete
        works (rather than short snips) at very nice sounding resolutions but whose files sizes
        are manageable as downloads. again, we here at fingerpick as well as our contributors will
        be creating and sharing as well as looking for very creative new directional
        possibilities. this section will be added to as well until full then archived. contact
        info will be provided for sending us your original protected
        works. fingerpick magazine will remain the sole judge as to content acceptability.

a/v recording

the audio/video recording section will focus on the tools and
        techniques necessary to create state of the art recordings as well as musical video pieces
        with relatively inexpensive equipment. not cheap mind you, but for less (much less in many
        cases) than the price many pay for a single handmade guitar. the time of the independent
        producer and content provider has arrived and you will be amazed at the level of quality
        that is obtainable once you know the equipment available and its capabilities. the
        entertainment world has become enamoured with the visual as well as with high definition
        audio. you are closer than you may think to having the tools for such creations and
        compete with the "big" guys.

midi simplified

midi simplified is a much needed exploration in what should be a
        simple process to convert digital information into a very robust array of musical
        instruments and arrangements. we will de-mystify the world of midi (musical instrument
        digital interface) and its many uses both as a music production tool as well as its
        ability to control many of the functions of other midi equipped devices.

performance sound

the performance sound area will provide detailed looks at
        equipment that can maximize your public performances. there is a lot of equipment out
        there and most of it is surprising good, depending of course on the situation. we hope to
        help you pick the most suitable setups for your anticipated needs. all the basics will be
        covered, including mics, power amps, mixers, cables, lights, instruments and the hardest
        part of all - tips for making sure your audience hears exactly what you intend.

guitar pickups

guitar pickups - now here's a subject that has grown a great deal
        in the last few years. well we won't disappoint. we'll let you hear them as we get them,
        all in the same instrument so you can compare. the section will include both acoustic
        guitar pickups and electric guitar set ups as well. after all, the pickup is most often
        what your audience actually hears.

guitar amps

the guitar
        amp section will examine various types and brands of guitar amplification
        systems. with several thousand possibilities, this section should one day be a very
        comprehensive resource for those who are shopping for "that" sound. there will
        be high quality sound files of each amp used as well as photos and descriptions of control
        surfaces and optimum settings.

children & music

children & music is a personal favorite as i not only started
        playing at a very young age, but have since seen the way the successfully met challenge of
        a musical instrument can change the life of children in very powerful and positive ways.
        we'll be looking for your stories as well.

manufacturers

the manufacturers section will provide as much information as
        humanly possible on the staggering number of music industry equipment manufacturers. from
        guitars to electronics, you will find info here on them all, including direct contact
        information whenever possible.

back issues

the back issues or archives section will
        eventually have a lot of content. it will be awhile before the current issue is too full
        to continue and at that time you will be instructed to check out the archives for older
        content.

contact us

the contact
        page is where you can communicate directly with doug and the staff of
        fingerpick magazine. there will be no email links on this site as spam is becoming such a
        problem, we are not going to make it easy for spammers to glean email addresses. once you
        contact us, using the simple form on the contact page, we will respond and establish an
        email relationship with each and every one of our readers who wish it. we have other high
        traffic sites we publish at the andromedan design company and we have never gathered any
        information on any of our site visitors. once they contact us it is typical that a
        productive relationship develops and this is a two way agreement that we honor above all
        other interests. the contact page is also where you will let us know if you have content
        you wish to provide, be it music or ideas, for us to share with our readership. we have
        made a great many friends over the years and expect to make many more through this
        magazine.

advertising

advertising will be a part of this site. we hope to make this a
        service to our readers by letting you know of the existence of both manufacturers and
        retailers alike with links to their websites through banner ads. we will be accepting
        advertising requests after this debut issue has enough content to justify it. it will be
        highly cost-effective. we have no interest in selling instructional videos or other
        training aids. it is our experience that with a little initial guidance, the majority of
        the work and joy of learning to be a better player is up to the individual and the amount
        of effort they chose to put into achieving their goals. however, from time to time certain
        items will be sold on this site to include cd's and dvd's of original music and/or video
        works by the staff, contributors, and readership of fingerpick magazine. we will also make
        hard to find, highly useful items available here when they are not available from other
        commercial sources. this may sound a bit mysterious but i assure you we can get certain
        kinds of equipment and accessories that others may not be able to get or are that
        retailers are unwilling to stock. we will let you know when appropriate. 

reader input/faqs

and finally our reader input/faq section will contain letters and other
        communications from our readers that we feel would be of interest to our greater
        readership. as we get increasing quantities of similar questions or other frequently
        duplicated ideas, we will put them in this section under the faqs heading. enjoy this
        effort. it is for you this work has been done. and remember to enjoy your musical
        experiences, though they may be at times frustrating. playing an instrument really is not
        that difficult. truly feeling what you play should be your ultimate goal.





 


ashland, oregon
fingerpick magazine™ is a publication of the andromedan
design company.
fingerpick.com ©1999 the andromedan design company. all rights reserved.
contents of this website may not be copied, reprinted, or used in any media format
without the express written permission of the andromedan design company
those areas of this publication that are intended for the download or other use of our
readers
will be expressly indicated where beneficially appropriate. no other use outside this
publication is allowed.


