








home page – cybernetics society

































































 














x







join
about cybsoc
about cybernetics
calendars

cybsoc calendarcybernetics and systems community calendars

resources

resources listglossarybook list









home page 




the cybernetics society
cybernetics studies the common features of large complex systems, with apparently purpose-like behaviour.  this involves understanding concepts such as feedback and self-organisation.
the cybernetics society is an organisation which explores how cybernetics can be used to understand a wide range of interdisciplinary subjects ranging from artificial intelligence, the internet, the sciences, engineering, design, system organisation, consciousness, architecture, ecology, biology, psychology, and medical topics etc.
the cybernetics society was founded in the uk and is regulated by the uk financial conduct authority, but has members worldwide.  we hold on-line events on a roughly monthly basis and an annual in-person conference.   we also publish a peer reviewed journal, enacting cybernetics. please see the sections below for more information.
membership & events
please click the link below to join the society.  once you have joined you will automatically receive communications about our events (on-line and in-person).  formal membership certificates are issued every quarter but you will receive communications and invitations to events as soon as you have completed the on-line process via the link below.
join, or renew membership for, the cybernetics society
enacting cybernetics
enacting cybernetics is an open access journal published by the cybernetics society. it is focused on exploring and developing the many ways in which cybernetics may be practiced in the world. the journal invites contributions that engage deeply with cybernetics, its possibilities, histories, and practices, and especially those that develop its radical transdisciplinarity in tangible ways.
https://enacting-cybernetics.org/
youtube recordings of previous events
below is the link to our youtube channel which has recordings of previous events.
https://www.youtube.com/@cyberneticssociety
previous front page: news posts  (before 8 october 2024) 



 





 © 2021. all rights reserved. 
 member: international federation for systems research (ifsr), affiliated: world organisation of systems and cybernetics (wosc). the cybernetics society is authorised by the financial services authority and is registered with the financial conduct authority. 






 
 


			sign in		

				new account			
 

















remember me                        









				log in			














forgot your password?

 
 




































i agree with the privacy policy.                                         









						create account					










 



 
 


lost your password? please enter your email address. you will receive mail with link to set new password.













				reset password			




back to login
 
 



 
 we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept


























