




  



nav-a-gator bar & grill | food, boat tours / rentals, live music & more






















menu




 




 



sun-thu: 11am-9pm
fri-sat: 11am-10pm



941-625-4407
dine-in & take-out




				9700 s.w. riverview circle
				arcadia, fl 34269			



homemenuentertainment barmusicmarinagift cardsaboutcareerscontact





where the road ends & the adventure begins!
2375+ reviews
670+ reviews







live music
full-liquor bar
river tours





























































good eats: sandwiches, burgers, seafood...


entertainment: live music, gift shop, games...


full-liquor bar: beer, wine, cocktails...


river tours: airboats, kayaks, and more!








upcoming events




friday,
							february 21
2pm-5pm 

latitude
tom & michelle




saturday,
							february 22
1pm-5pm 

jj mccoy band




sunday,
							february 23
2pm-5pm 

john mcdonald




view more events



 






had some awesome fish dip in a refreshing wrap for lunch. they even brought water in a bowl for my dog. great place for lunch!
			lisa g.




very kind and attentive staff. ashley was super helpful with recommendations. great burgers! the cowboy burger was terrific.
			jeanne w.




just an awesome party spot!!! great food and drink, plus entertainment every weekend... owners work their tails off to make customers happy.
			gordon r.


 



dined with us before? please share your experience








visiting the nav-a-gator is a great way to entertain friends and family. great food, live music, fun and games... all on the peace river.
nav-a-gator offers a true, old florida experience from our dishes featuring fresh gator meat to our family-friendly, pet-friendly atmosphere. we're a place you go to eat, drink, sit back, and relax with the whole family.











we're a southwest florida seafood restaurant featuring salads, wraps, sandwiches, burgers, and more! from our gator bites and conch fritters to our angus cheeseburgers and grouper sandwiches - we serve something sure to satisfy everyone in your party.
check out our menu, but don't miss our hidden treasures. we're always serving something new and creative, on a whim or for the season: buffalo wings, toasted italian subs, blackened chicken quesadillas, fish tacos... follow us on facebook to stay up-to-date!











we're located at desoto marina along the peace river. enjoy a bite to eat inside, outside, or on-the-go before you head out on your adventure: airboat tours, kayak rentals, and more!
the marina caters to fishers, pilots, boaters, and nature lovers. boat fuel, bait shop, overnight and monthly docking - our marina has a lot to offer.











we're much more than just a restaurant. besides great food we have the marina, live music, and games!
we generally feature live music thursday through sunday, but be sure to check out our events page for dates, times, and more details.
we also have hula hoops, connect four, corn hole... we've got fun for the kids and for the whole family!









nav-a-gator bar & grill
					9700 s.w. riverview circle
					arcadia, fl 34269				

941-625-4407




nav-a-gator.com
copyright © 1996 - 2025
all rights reserved.








home
menu
entertainment barmusicmarina
gift cards
about
careers
contact


 close












