






ihiqs - the international high iq society










































































organisation
members
joining ihiqs
pricing and signup
contact
sign in





















home


organisation


members


joining ihiqs


pricing and signup


contact


sign in





 
 
 

© 2019 ihiqs - the international high iq society









hidden













                        welcome to ihiqs
                    


the international high iq society. join us!














scroll down 









get to know ihiqs








                        what is ihiqs?
                    

ihiqs was started by nathan haselbauer as the new york high iq society in 2000, with the aim of
                        promoting discussions on a variety of intellectual topics. the organization became ihiqs later
                        that year to reflect its growing international membership and is open to individuals who have
                        demonstrated an iq in the top five percent of the population.
our members are adult people from all walks of life and have very different backgrounds and personalities. we are proud to have many different cultures under one roof!.





                        what does ihiqs offer?
                    

when you join ihiqs, you get a membership certificate and you can become a part of our online
                        community to participate in forum discussions, learn from top experts, connect with intelligent
                        people and advance yourself.

we have a private online member community and are available on facebook
                        as well as linkedin and instagram. we also have offline events in some major cities. you will find yourself in an open-minded, collaborative environment.
































joining ihiqs








why should i join?

we represent a contemporary movement and stimulate discussions on a variety of
                        intellectual topics. we offer a platform to present ideas, discuss them in a friendly
                        environment, share professional knowledge and enjoy learning! if you like that, or just
                        want to be a registered member, you should join.
you will receive an official membership certificate soon after joining ihiqs. we are looking forward to
                        meeting you soon!





what are the requirements?

you can join us if you are at least 15 years old and have an iq score in the top five
                        percent on any of our accepted tests, preferably our official admissions iq test. scores
                        are not always distributed in the same way following different tests, but for a standard
                        deviation of 15, this should be at least a 124 iq. english is the primary language
                        within ihiqs. we also have dutch, german, italian and japanese groups.







how do i take the admissions test?

prospective members can take our certified online admissions culture fair intelligence
                        test (usd 8.99 / euro 9,50) hosted at sites of 123test.
                        you can take the free short demo iq test first if you like (auch auf
                        deutsch: iq-test).
                    

with english instructions: culture fair intelligence
                            test
met nederlandse instructies: cultuurarme
                            intelligentietest
mit deutscher anleitung: kulturübergreifender
                            intelligenztest

after taking the admissions test you can download an iq certificate which you can upload
                        during your membership request as proof of a sufficiently high iq score.
we do not accept any unproctored online test that is not officially recognized
                        or certified by ihiqs. this includes the short (8 questions) demo version of the
                        admissions test.





what are the other qualifying tests?

other qualifying tests require a score in the top five percent. these tests have to be
                        administered by a certified professional such as a psychologist or by a recognized
                        educational institution. online (sample) versions of these or any other tests are not
                        accepted.

wechsler adult intelligence scales
wechsler intelligence scale for children
woodcock-johnson tests of cognitive abilities
stanford-binet intelligence scales
raven’s progressive matrices
miller analogies test
cattell culture fair test
college admission tests: sat, act, gmat

we also accept copies of your mensa membership card or a mensa acceptance or rejection
                        letter stating an iq in the top five percent.

                        additionally, you are eligible to join us when you are a member of intertel, the triple nine society or the international society of philosophical enquiry (ispe).
                    







how is my privacy guaranteed?

our online community can only be accessed and seen by full members. all communications
                        with us and among members in our online community are confidential. we do not use
                        nicknames or avatars in our forum.
you can also read the concise ihiqs
                        privacy policy online.























sign up now
lifetime membership within several days
after you submit your request to join below, we will verify your request if you meet the
                        requirements.
                        make sure you have read the requirements carefully. after verification,
                        you will receive a payment link
                        to pay for your lifetime membership ($249 one-time payment or 2x $129 or 6x $45) within several days. once we've received your payment, you will be invited to our member community as soon as possible and receive a digital member certificate within one month.
to prevent your message from bouncing or landing in your spam folder, please add support@ihiqs.org, membership@ihiqs.org and ihiqs@mn.co to your address book.




































                            add a pdf of your iq certificate or report (required). make sure you meet our requirements
                            based on one of our qualifying tests.
                        













                            approval guidelines and rules of conduct
                        

                        you must agree before submitting.
                    








sign up















ask your question
please use the contact form below to get in touch. it may take a couple of days for us to
                        respond.





































contact us now











hidden



© 2022 ihiqs - the international high iq society

























































