



graduate school



























 




skip to content




mybama






        graduate school      






expand title bar menu



close title bar menu




          search this site
        



submit




applicants



expand applicants menu



close applicants menu

 admission requirements
paying for graduate school
international students
applicants faq
accelerated masters program


academics
students
about us
faculty & staff
 



join an international cohort of innovators and leaders.apply nowrequest info

homepage

opportunity awaits



admission criteriaview admission requirements and prepare your supporting documents. admissions decisions are tailored to the individual based on their entire application.





explore 150+ graduate programsone of the nation’s fastest growing and most dynamic public universities, our master’s, eds and doctoral programs are led by some of the brightest minds in the world.





explore fundingwith more than $25 million awarded last year, nearly half of our graduate students received funding.





international studentsfrom capstone international to 26 international student organizations, explore ways to engage in ua’s global community.





register for grad connectgrad connect is a live virtual q&a series designed to connect prospective and admitted graduate students with graduate school representatives.





earn up to 12 hours of dual credit toward your undergraduate and graduate degree. amp hours cost the equivalent of undergraduate hours, and under certain circumstances undergraduate merit scholarships can be utilized for amp.learn more
ua alumni and students won18 fulbright awardsfor teaching or research abroad last year. ua is a top 100public university in the nation as ranked by u.s. news and world report for more than a decade.ua is establishingworld-classresearch institutes in water, energy, environment, transportation, cybersecurity, and life research.
legends in the making





taking on capitol hill: cameryn blackmore








shaping the future: sandhiya thiagarajan








bookmarks in life: jeremy smith







visit our centennial graduate scholars alumni gallery to read about the accomplishments of 100 of our most distinguished master's and doctoral graduates.view alumni gallery








contact:
suite 100rose administration building801 university boulevardbox 870118tuscaloosa, al 35487
local: 1 (205) 348-5921toll-free: 1-877-824-7237
facebook
youtube
linkedin
instagram
x


quick links

 apply now
 faq
 graduate catalog
 virtual campus tour
 visit ua
 where legends are made
 faculty resources


 














copyright © 2025
 the university of alabama


(205) 348-6010


contact ua






accessibility


sacscoc



            taskstream
          


equal opportunity


data access request


disclaimer


privacy









this website uses cookies to collect information to improve your browsing experience. please review our privacy statement for more information.
i understand





