







lukas nursery



















































 









skip to content






















1909 slavia road, oviedo, fl 32765









(407) 738-4319












				search			



search



 



















 



homenursery sod & lawn care plants annuals perennials trees palms shrubs vines groundcovers indoor plants fruits & edibles ornamental grasses butterfly plants cactus & succulents fl native plants pet-friendly plants deer-resistant plants garden supplies pottery & outdoor contractor’s departmentservices ask phil the farmer ai landscape design delivery & installationbutterfly encounter field trips & tours butterflies for release birthday partiesshop online egift cards sod sodpod grass plugs gottago grassevents & seminarsabout plan your trip & faqs guarantee & return policy backyard paradise points loyalty accountjoin our teamcontact










 























florida's premier nursery & garden center destination  















lukas nursery has served central florida for over 100 years.  
















































































sign up for exclusive information on sales, new arrivals, events, and coupons! 


















email newsletter











text message club























if it grows in central florida, we've likely got it!













lukas nursery not only has the largest selection of landscape, patio, and indoor plants around, but also one of the largest native butterfly conservatories in the state of florida. our dedicated staff of florida certified horticultural professionals, master gardeners, and landscape design specialist are here to help you get the job done right the first time.






























sod & lawn care  






















plants  






















garden supplies  






















pottery & outdoor decor  






















delivery & installation  






















landscape design  















nursery products












our services


























 
hours
nursery hours of operation: monday - saturday 8:00 am - 6:00 pm and sunday: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm
butterfly encounter hours: 9:00 am - 4:00 pm everyday (last admission @ 3:30 pm)
for the safety of our staff and customers, we may close unexpectedly for inclement or severe weather conditions.
 
 



















lukas nursery specials




















backyard paradise points:






join today to receive 1 point for every $1 spent, $10 credit for every 750 points earned, 50 bonus points at sign-up, free $10 credit on your birthday, exclusive sales and more! sign up with us on your next visit or click the button below to sign up online.







sign up!



















senior savings:






on wednesday’s only, those of the age 65+ receive 10% off your purchase! exclusions may apply.
call now for details! (407) 365-6163


















weekly garden specials:






sign up for our e-newsletter to receive email exclusive coupons.







sign up!

























lukas nursery is a fourth generation, family owned and operated agri-business.


 
the story of lukas nursery and the lukas family began over one hundred years ago when paul lukas and mary klimek, two young czechoslovakians, made separate journeys across the ocean in search of new lives in a free land. read more >>
 
 







































shop online 
new! our online store is now available!
 
 


























egift cards 
the #1 gift for any garden and lawn enthusiasts! delivered to the recipients email inbox!



choose your cards



 
 

















sodpods grass plugs 
natural grass plugs with established root systems for easy installation. delivered to your home!



order sodpods grass plugs



 
 

















farm fresh sod 
grown to perform best in central florida’s sandy soils and delivered to your curb!



order sod



 
 

















gottago grass 
natural grass, grown fresh for your furry friend. delivered to your door!



order gottago grass



 
 























did you know?
we have events & seminars! learn about plants & flowers in our seminars or participate in our events.






learn more






















here are just a few of our many lawn & garden suppliers


















































contact us today  (407) 365-6163













































































menu 
home
about
faqs
nursery
services
butterfly encounter
egift cards
gift card balance
contact
directions
employment opportunities
employee login
 















































    








fl nursery registration # 02310000
fl agricultural dealer license # ad1007









© 2025 lukas nursery • all rights reserved
disclaimer | terms of use | privacy policy












 



























































subscribe now
you'll receive coupons exclusive only to our newsletter subscribers!









sign me up!





 










scroll to top














