





truman today | features - vol. 29 no. 22 - february 17, 2025















































skip to content


open menu








toggle navigation





admission
academics
athletics
alumni
about
student life


search








go!






truman today




vol. 29 no. 22 - february 17, 2025


search truman today






featureslyceum series welcomes jazz ensembleplanetarium installs upgraded projectorsspring career expo set for feb. 24-27tru-biz forum focuses on success with internships and job searchespizza bowl rescheduled to feb. 20announcementsentrepreneur speaker series features local businesswomancardinal key hosts spring rushcelebrate national muffin day feb. 20theatre production puts contemporary spin on classic greek tragedysummer undergraduate research program accepting proposalsnewman center sponsors retreatorganization offers free help with tax preparationtruman welcomes community participation for book club, author visithousing self-selection now openfree self-defense class offeredatsu’s college of graduate health studies to host info sessionsfebruary is financial aid awareness month leadership recognition program accepting nomineesnominations open for academic accoladesbig event registration under waystudent speaker applications open for may commencementsummer jobs available through jba jr. and healthcare academyupward bound hiring for summer positionsenvironmental committee accepting project proposalsstudent engagement survey to be emailed to studentsnotablesrudy awarded missouri recreational soccer coach of the yearscholarship opportunitiesfoundation scholarship applications available nowpurdy scholarship seeks campus leadersnew scholarship supports northeast missouri studentskirksville eventsburden to give state of the city addressregistration open for short-distance triathlon calendarssab events calendarintramural sports calendarschool of arts and humanities eventspop-up pantrylife support classes availablefresh start fridayssubs in the hubathleticsseveral prs, school records fall for indoor track and fieldhome athletic eventssubmission informationarchives
 





vol. 29 no. 22 - february 17, 2025
featureslyceum series welcomes jazz ensemblematt wilson’s good trouble will take the stage at 6 p.m. march 1 in baldwin auditorium for the next installment of the kohlenberg lyceum series.a new york-based drummer, wilson combines buoyant zeal, idiosyncratic style, infectious humor, joyous swing and an indomitable spirit of surprise, making him one of the most in-demand players and educators in jazz today. he has appeared on more than 500 albums and has released 20 acclaimed recordings as a leader. he was named 2018 musician of the year by the jazz journalists association, and his album “honey and salt” won 2018 album of the year.also a renowned educator, wilson is passionate about bringing jazz to new audiences and inspiring students to be as individualistic and imaginative as possible. he has led workshops and masterclasses at colleges and universities, jazz festivals and conferences around the world. in addition, he is a faculty member at the new school, san francisco conservatory, liu post sarah lawrence college and the prins claus conservatory in gronigen, holland.wilson’s march 1 concert is sponsored in conjunction with the annual phi mu alpha jazzfest. invited high school students will participate in jazz festival activities during the day.tickets are available now and can be picked up downtown at the kirksville arts association. tickets are also available on campus at three convenient locations: the union and involvement office in the student union building; the advancement office in mcclain hall 205; or the admissions office in the ruth w. towne museum and visitors center. any remaining tickets will be available the day of the event beginning 30 minutes before the performance.   tickets for the 2024-25 kohlenberg lyceum series are provided free of charge thanks to the generous support of local sponsors, the friends of the lyceum program and the truman state university foundation.for more information about the kohlenberg lyceum series, visit lyceum.truman.edu or contact the advancement office at 660.785.4133.planetarium installs upgraded projectorsthe del and norma robison planetarium recently installed two upgraded projectors. the new norxe p60 projectors will increase planetarium resolution to 4k and drastically improve the brightness. along with the new projectors, the planetarium is in the process of receiving an autoalignment and auto blending system that will maintain projector alignment. this will provide a clearer image across the entire dome and significantly reduce regular maintenance hours. the projectors were previously aligned annually, which took many hours each time.the planetarium has an annual attendance of roughly 5,000. during the school year, the planetarium hosts free 30-minute shows at 6 p.m. mondays, thursdays and fridays, as well as an hour show for $5 on saturdays. it is also open to reserve for group events, guest speakers, classes, field trips and other special events.for the most up-to-date schedule of events, visit planetarium.truman.edu.spring career expo set for feb. 24-27the spring career and graduate school expo will take place feb. 24-27.the expo is open to students of all majors and academic levels. this event gives students the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional development activities. the week will begin feb. 24 with the chance for students to have their professional documents critiqued from 5-6 p.m. in the student union building conference roomfrom 11 a.m.-3 p.m. feb. 26 the graduate school expo will take place. this is an opportunity for those thinking of pursing graduate studies to connect with their future school. the career and internship expo will take place from 11 a.m.-3 p.m. feb. 27. at this event students will get to learn more about opportunities in their field from several employers visiting campus. both expo events will take place in the student union building georgian rooms. students will also have the opportunity to have professional pictures taken by tim barcus, campus photographer, during both expo days.to learn more, or to register for these events, go to hiretruman.truman.edu then to “student/alumni login” followed by “events,” “career fairs” and select career fair of choice. click on “attend” in the upper right corner of the page to formally sign up for events. with any questions regarding times or function of the event, go to career.truman.edu/career-grad-school-week/schedule-of-events or email the career center at ucc3@truman.edu. these events will be accessed from #hiretruman.tru-biz forum focuses on success with internships and job searchesfrom left, rod cooper, anna kuhnert and haley (meissen) macarthy will be the featured panelists for the tru-biz forum, march 3.the next installment of the chuck and sherri woods tru-biz forum will take place at 3:30 p.m. march 3 in violette hall 1000.at this event two distinguished alumni and one current student will share their expertise and insights. they will draw on their personal experiences to discuss how to prepare for job searches, job fairs, getting to the interview, landing the role and the ways truman career center can help.as a successful sales/business professional rod cooper (’88) retired at the age of 49 to manage his real estate holdings and help others achieve their dreams. he is now the owner of rkcc real estate holdings. prior to retiring in 2015, cooper was managing director for a national accounting and business consulting firm. he was responsible for new client development, growing the firm’s public awareness, and sales consulting with companies on top-line growth and management-related issues. cooper’s business roles have included president/owner, entrepreneur, managing director, vice president of sales, vice president of operations, director of sales and branch manager. he was named to the top 100 people to know in st. louis small business monthly in 2011 and was the 2008 truman state university business alumnus of the year.haley (meissen) macarthy (’19) is a business operations analyst at turnberry solutions in des moines, iowa. she leads a women’s employee resource group at turnberry solutions and also volunteers as a pastoral council member at her church. macarthy served two years on the young professionals connection of des moines’ board and was recognized as the 2023-2024 board member of the year. while at truman, she was actively involved with delta sigma pi and worked as a human resources intern, mock interviewer and career advisor with the career center.anna kuhnert (’26) is a communication major and education minor at truman and serves as the human resources intern at the career center.all students, faculty, staff, and community members are welcome for inspiration and learning with renowned speakers. networking will follow the forum.the tru-biz forum is made possible by the chuck and sherri woods endowment for business excellence at truman. the fund was established by alumni charles h. “chuck” and sherri woods as part of generous support of truman.pizza bowl rescheduled to feb. 20  spike’s annual pizza bowl will now take place from 2-4 p.m. feb. 20 in the student union building georgian rooms. due to the prospect of inclement weather, and to accommodate the participating vendors coming from off campus, the event was rescheduled.pizza bowl pits local vendors in competition for the students’ choice of the best overall pizza in kirksville. from 2-4 p.m. in the student union building georgian room, students can stop by for free samples from all participating local vendors. voting will take place on truman’s instagram, and students will be eligible for prizes. other giveaways, including spike’s annual pizza bowl stickers, will also be available at the event.      the winning business will receive a pizza trophy. follow truman’s instagram, @trumanstate, for updates and information on how to vote.  announcementsentrepreneur speaker series features local businesswomanalumna laci cook will speak at 12 p.m. feb. 18 in the doug & diane villhard innovation lab located in the pickler memorial library, as part of the tru-entrepreneur speaker series.cook is the founder and owner of sip downtown. she is a dynamic entrepreneur and community leader known for more than 20 years of business ownership, innovation and unwavering commitment to her community. through hosting events, sponsoring community initiatives or volunteering her time, cook is committed to making a positive impact on the lives of those around her. she was the recipient of kirksville’s “5 under 40” award and named the kirksville daily express “person of the year.” cook serves on the city of kirksville’s tourism board, the kirksville area chamber of commerce board and volunteers for many other organizations throughout the community.driven by a passion for both business and community service, cook continues to inspire others with her tireless dedication, innovative spirit and boundless enthusiasm for personal and professional growth.cardinal key hosts spring rush   cardinal key is a national honors society dedicated to service. they will host rush events from 6-7:30 p.m. feb. 18, 6-8 p.m. feb. 19 and 3 p.m. feb. 22. those interested should fill out the rush application prior to the events.   celebrate national muffin day feb. 20free muffins will be available in the student union building hub at 11 a.m. until supplies run out.theatre production puts contemporary spin on classic greek tragedy a version of the seneca play “medea” will run at 7:30 p.m. feb. 20-22, and 2 p.m. feb. 23, in the severns theatre in ophelia parrish.  the mythic figure of medea has captivated audiences for millennia. when jason, the hero she helped and loved, abandons medea for a royal match, she is driven to unimaginable vengeance.  this rendition is under the direction of cat gleason, assistant professor of theatre, who also adapted the production to a contemporary framework that challenges the perceptions of the role of women, mothers and outsiders in society. while this production is mostly based on seneca’s version, it has been wholly re-written and combined with other versions of the play and myth, making it what gleason refers to as a “loose adaptation” of the original. in this version, the chorus members use the actors’ own names, are in the present time and speak to the audience directly.  “the play we are presenting is an adaptation of an adaptation,” gleason said. “i first co-authored this adaptation with barbara salvadori-heritage in 2012. this year, with salvadori-heritage’s blessing, i rewrote it changing the setting and much of the characterization with this version, leaving the plot structure close to the same.” due to the nature of the subject matter, including multiple references to filicide, “medea” is not intended for younger audience members.  tickets for all performances of “medea” are $15 and available now. they can be purchased in advance online here. tickets are also available at the door before each performance. any questions about this production may be directed to boxoffice@truman.edu. summer undergraduate research program accepting proposalsthe office of student research is accepting truscholars proposals for research and creative scholarship conducted over the eight-week summer term, june 2 through july 25. grant applications may request up to $5,750 and can include a $3,500 max student stipend and a $1,750 max mentor stipend. more information about the truscholars program is available on the office of student research website. applications are due by feb. 21. any additional questions about truscholars can be directed to osr@truman.edu. newman center sponsors retreatthe catholic newman center will provide rides to awakenings retreat in edina, missouri. the retreat will take place from 4:30 p.m. feb. 21 to 3 p.m. feb. 23. this event is open to all and is a great opportunity to grow in faith, community and self. sign up here.organization offers free help with tax preparationbeta alpha psi will host volunteer income tax assistance program (vita) sessions from 8 a.m.-3 p.m. feb. 22, march 1 and march 29 in violette hall 1424.clients who come to vita should bring: social security cards for spouses and dependents; bank routing numbers and bank account numbers for direct deposit; wage and earnings statements such as w-2, 1098t and 1099; and a copy of last year’s federal and state tax returns if available. vita services will be completed by irs-certified volunteers and will also offer free electronic filing to receive a faster return.appointments are required. truman students can make appointments online. truman staff and community members should call 660.785.6064 to schedule an appointment. for more information, visit bap.truman.edu/vita. truman welcomes community participation for book club, author visittruman is sponsoring a free community-wide book club in preparation for an on-campus presentation by the author in march.   anthony ray hinton was wrongfully convicted of murder in 1985 and spent nearly 30 years on death row in alabama. with the assistance of the equal justice initiative, led by attorney bryan stevenson, hinton finally won his release in 2015. since his conviction was overturned by the united states supreme court, he has become a sought-after speaker and author of “the sun does shine: how i found life and freedom on death row,” which was selected for oprah’s book club and is a new york times bestseller. hinton will be at truman at 6 p.m. march 26 as part of the university’s holman family distinguished speaker series. in anticipation of his presentation, the criminal justice studies program is offering free copies of “the sun does shine” as part of a community book club.  “‘the sun does shine’ is hinton’s story from the perspective of someone who faced an unimaginable ordeal being sentenced to die for a crime he didn’t commit. yet through it all, his message of hope, faith and justice is resounding,” said elizabeth wiles, director of interdisciplinary studies and chair of legal studies and pre-law programming at truman. “it is a powerful memoir, and this event is sure to be a transformative experience for anyone from any background.” hinton may be familiar to audiences from his inclusion in stevenson’s book “just mercy,” later adapted into a movie of the same name. at the time “just mercy” was originally published, hinton had yet to be exonerated. “the sun does shine” gives readers the firsthand account of his redemptive journey.  the book club is open to all members of the community. copies of “the sun does shine” will be provided free of charge. small groups of book club members will be organized for weekly meetings in march leading up to hinton’s presentation. each group will meet at a set day and time for three weeks. participants will be able to sign up for the day and time that works with their schedule. most times are after 5 p.m., with two lunch time slots also available. each small group will be led by truman students. wiles will offer a virtual option for alumni and participants from outside of the area.  those interested in participating in the book club can sign up online at truman.edu/events/the-sun-does-shine. copies of the book can be picked up in truman’s social sciences and human inquiry department located in mcclain hall 213. to inquire about getting a delivered copy of the book, call 660.785.7201, or email wiles at ewiles@truman.edu. “the sun does shine” is also available online or at the adair county public library.   hinton’s presentation will take place at 6 p.m. march 26 at a location to be announced. the book club and presentation are sponsored by the holman family distinguished speaker series and the criminal justice studies and interdisciplinary studies programs, in collaboration with the equal justice initiative.housing self-selection now openstudents interested in living on campus during the 2025-26 school year can now make arrangements to do so.living on campus provides students with a built-in community of peers, in addition to offering a variety of amenities. all campus residence halls feature furnished rooms, access to laundry facilities and a meal plan. on-campus residents also have all of their utility costs included in the price of their room.residence life has several options for students who want to live on campus including single residence hall rooms, apartments and suites for up to four roommates. self-selection for housing will follow a schedule based on minimum credit hour requirements: 8 a.m. feb. 18students that have earned 75 credit hours or more8 a.m. feb. 19students that have earned 45-74 credit hours8 a.m. feb. 20students that have earned 30-44 credit hoursfeb. 21-march 19any returning student may self-select a room or apartmentstudents that have completed a housing application but have not found a roommate and/or self-selected a space by march 20 will be manually assigned to a room with a roommate by the residence life team.the housing portal is open now and can be accessed through truview. questions about the housing process can be directed to residence life at 660.785.4227 or reslife@truman.edu.free self-defense class offeredatsu’s college of graduate health studies to host info sessionsatsu’s college of graduate health studies will host multiple informational sessions on their master’s and doctoral degrees via zoom during the month of february. these sessions will be led by the program chair and moderated by one of their admissions enrollment representatives. these zoom sessions will be an excellent opportunity for truman employees to ask questions about the coursework, faculty, student resources and any other questions they have about atsu’s online graduate degree programs. truman employees can receive a 20% tuition discount on atsu-cghs online degrees. feb. 174 p.m.health sciences with eric matthewsfeb. 175 p.m.heathaadministration with robert cleggfeb. 18 5 p.m.health education with erin breitenbachfeb. 194 p.m.kinesiology with tracie rogersfeb. 195 p.m.nursing with nic webbfeb. 244 p.m.public health with jaana goldcomplete the registration form to receive the zoom meeting link. those unable to attend the live session can register to receive a link to the recording following the event.february is financial aid awareness monthstudents are encouraged to complete their free application for federal student aid (fafsa) as soon as possible for the 2025-2026 school year. in celebration of financial aid awareness month, the financial aid office in mcclain hall 103 will have free candy available. students are encouraged to visit the office and discuss any questions they may have about financial aid. along with processing the fafsa to determine federal, state and some university funds, the office provides information about scholarship service and renewal for returning students. they can also help with private scholarship check processing, funding for study abroad or summer school, budgeting, financial literacy or loan counseling.for more information, visit the financial aid office website, call 660.785.4130 or email finaid@truman.edu.  leadership recognition program accepting nomineesthe chinese language and cultural association for lunar new year gala won outstanding overall program for the 2024 lrp awards.nominations are currently being accepted for this year’s leadership recognition program.the lrp is designed to honor truman students, organizations and advisors for their dedication to their peers, organizations, campus and the kirksville community through various leadership roles during the academic year. students, faculty and staff are encouraged to nominate exceptional student leaders, advisors, organizations and events on campus.submissions for the lrp are taken online only. a link to the nomination form can be found at involvement.truman.edu/leadership-recognition-program. multiple nominations for individuals or organizations are welcome. details about all of the awards can be found in the nomination packet available here. nominations will close at 5 p.m. march 3.questions about the lrp can be directed to the program coordinator at lrp@truman.edu or orgs@truman.edu. union & involvement services will host the leadership recognition program ceremony april 8. nominations open for academic accoladesthe academic affairs committee for student government is accepting nominations for academic accolades.every year, student government selects an educator of the year, research mentor of the year and faculty wellness honoree. they hope to find someone to represent each department and hear who students believe are the best professors at truman.the deadline to submit a nomination form is feb. 23. an award ceremony will take place in april to honor the three teachers selected. email oph5838@truman.edu with any questions.big event registration under waythe 24th annual big event is set to take place from 9 a.m.-1 p.m. march 29. the big event gives truman students, faculty, staff and alumni the opportunity to show appreciation for all of the support the kirksville community has offered to them. hundreds of truman volunteers will provide services to the residents of the community by raking leaves, washing windows, painting and more.  volunteers can sign-up here. local kirksville residents hoping for volunteers to help them with projects can sign-up here. all sign-ups are due by march 16. for more information visit serve.truman.edu. student speaker applications open for may commencementstudent government is seeking a student speaker for the may 10 commencement ceremony. applications are available here. for more information, contact oph5838@truman.edu.applicants will be asked to respond to one of the following two prompts: “reflecting on your experiences here at truman what are some key takeaways you have from your college experience and how have they impacted you and how will they guide you in the future?”“do your best history will do the rest” - harry s. truman. reflecting on your time here at truman, how has this philosophy guided your decisions now and in the future?summer jobs available through jba jr. and healthcare academythe institute for academic outreach is seeking applications for jba jr. and atsu-truman healthcare academy. jba jr. is hiring a full-time day position that functions as a traditional summer day camp experience in july for students that have completed fourth, fifth or sixth grade. preceptor preference is given to truman education majors or other students that have experience with children but are not education majors.atsu-truman healthcare academy hires full-time overnight positions spanning approximately seven days in june. preceptor preference is given to students in a pre-health profession, biology major or to students who have significant experience in health topics by virtue of some co-curricular activities. after those students have been considered, preference then goes to education majors.applications are currently being accepted and will continue until the positions are filled. information about each available position can be accessed at tiacademies.truman.edu/employment or by emailing michelle wilson at mwwilson@truman.edu.upward bound hiring for summer positionstruman’s upward bound program is currently looking for juniors, seniors or graduate students to serve as residential mentors for summer academy.upward bound is a college preparatory program for income-eligible area high school students, many of whom will be the first in their families to attend college. dates for this position are may 30-july 2, which includes training and a trip with students. residential mentor positions are paid, full time, offer weekends off and include room and board. applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis until all positions have been filled with qualified candidates. for more information, or to access an online application, visit the upward bound website.environmental committee accepting project proposalsenvironmental sustainability fee allotment committee (esfac) is currently seeking proposals for improving sustainability and environmentalism on campus. any individual or organization in good standing with the university can submit an application for funding for a project that aims to enhance sustainability on truman’s campus. in the past they have funded projects such as updated compost equipment, bee houses, solar power for the university farm and reusable water bottle fillers. applications should be well thought out and as detailed as possible, however the committee will help to refine submissions. proposals can be completed using this form. the deadline for proposal submission is 12 a.m. march 16. for more details about the application process and guidelines, visit senate.truman.edu/archives/officialdocuments, or reach out to willow reese, committee chair, at sb85256@truman.edu. student engagement survey to be emailed to studentsstudents may soon receive an email survey from the national survey of student engagement (nsse), addresses from “sue thomas, president <nsse@nssesurvey.org>.” first year students, not necessarily freshmen by credits, and seniors, must have been senior status in the fall, should receive an invitation to participate. the email contains a unique link for the survey. those that didn’t receive an email can request their link from jhopkins@truman.edu or visit nssesurvey.org and click on “don’t know your login id?” students can use their truman email address on the next page to access the survey.the message in the email will read:it is important to me, the administration, faculty and staff, that you can make the most of your time at truman so you are best prepared to achieve your goals and dreams when you graduate. results from the national survey of student engagement (nsse) will give us students’ perspectives of the truman experience, including academics, learning with peers, experiences with faculty and campus life. by completing the nsse survey, you will provide invaluable insights that will inform what truman does now and in the future. knowing what you think is essential, and we appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts. all the best, president sue thomasnotablesrudy awarded missouri recreational soccer coach of the yearmichael rudy, professor of political science and international relations, was awarded the missouri recreational soccer coach of the year by missouri youth soccer association, feb. 1. this includes coaches from st. louis, kansas city, springfield and throughout missouri. rudy is a volunteer coach with northern missouri football club and coached three recreational teams, two travel teams and eight 3v3 tournament teams throughout the past year. both of the travel teams won first in their league and six out of the eight 3v3 teams won medals. kids on these team range from ages 6-14.scholarship opportunitiesfoundation scholarship applications available nowthe truman state university foundation fall 2025 foundation scholarship applications are now available.recipients must be enrolled full-time during the term of the scholarship to receive the full amount. applications can be submitted and revised at any time prior to the march 16 deadline. to apply, log in to truview, go to the student tab, scholarships, financial aid & loans then foundation scholarship application.when starting the online application process, students will automatically be considered for all foundation scholarships for which they qualify. while some scholarships are limited by major, many general awards exist.these scholarships are available thanks to the private gifts of alumni and friends of the university.purdy scholarship seeks campus leadersthe missouri scholarship and loan foundation will offer the purdy emerging leaders scholarship, named in honor of allan walker purdy. born in 1914 on a farm near macon, purdy was the first in his family to attend a four-year college. he worked in the university of missouri’s college of agriculture before becoming the campus’s first director of scholarships and student financial aid.this program supports candidates who demonstrate leadership, character and academic performance. it is open to students who started higher education right after high school, as well as adult learners who are now pursuing or returning to complete a degree. additionally, these students have a vision, are eager to make their contribution to the world and have the work ethic to bring their dreams to fruition.the scholarship application period runs through april 1. more information, including details on how to apply, can be found here. the scholarship amount can vary based on an applicant’s circumstances. the general range will be $2,000-$5,000 based on expected family contribution (efc), unmet need and other factors.applicants must: be a missouri resident; be an undergraduate second-, third- or fourth-year student for the 2025-26 academic year; enrolled full-time and making satisfactory academic progress; and have a cumulative college gpa of 2.5 or higher. recommendation from an instructor, counselor, advisor, current or recent supervisor, community leader or other similarly qualified individual is required.new scholarship supports northeast missouri students students from northeast missouri planning to attend truman this fall can receive up to $2,000 from a newly created scholarship. the northeast missouri scholarship will be awarded to new students from adair, putnam, schuyler, scotland, knox, macon, linn and sullivan counties this fall. it provides $2,000 for students living on campus. students from the area not living on campus can still receive $1,000.  “this scholarship was created in celebration of the region we call home,” said allison schweizer, director of admission. “truman is committed to empowering northeast missouri students and investing in their future success.” all new admitted truman students from the eight northeast missouri counties are automatically eligible for the scholarship, which is renewable each year the student attends. no additional application is required. transfer students who meet certain criteria and hail from the applicable counties may also be eligible to receive the award. more information about the northeast missouri scholarship can be found at truman.edu/nemos. 















maps & directions | contact us
copyright  truman state university
                100 e. normal avenue â¢ kirksville, mo 63501
            












































news
events
directory
truview






parents & families
policies
disclosures
employment






request info
visit
apply
give
















