


experience great uk cities with quickmaps









 






 
we collect no personal data, read more.



menu

city.maps
sellers
bus.map
metro.map
contact






experience a city
go with a quickmap


 london bus map &  tube+train map
area flavours - know the city before arrival
     be discreet - pocket sized, instant folding
     enjoy like a local - city centre and vicinity






        birmingham bizzy city
        + stratford-upon-avon
buy â£3.50







        brighton seaside city
        + southdowns,lewes
2025 buy â£3.95







        bristol + bath
gorgeous cities
2025 buy â£3.95







        cardiff legendary city
        + cardiff bay
view - buy â£2.95







        edinburgh magnificent city
        + north berwick
buy â£3.95







        glasgow great city
        + loch lomond, stirling,...
buy â£3.95







        leeds gateway city
        + dales, halifax
2025 buy â£3.95







        liverpool pop city
        + southport
buy â£3.95







        london all-on-one 2024
        bus+train+tube+walk z1,2
view - buy â£5.95







        london  by bus
        bus + walk + attractions
view - 2025 buy â£4.95







        london tube & walk
        tube + walk + attractions
view - buy â£4.95







        manchester mighty city
        + trafford city
buy â£3.95







        newcastle lively city
        + durham
buy â£3.50







        oxford city of spires
        + blenheim palace
2025 buy â£3.95







        sheffield maker city
        + peak district
buy â£3.95





quickmap and phone they go together
use your quickmap for the bigger picture and your smartphone for the detail. on the rear
    cover quick links take you to what's on and local information.
    
simple folding
all quickmaps have unique hassle-free ziggurat concertina folding. your re-folding troubles are over as the a3 sized map sheet folds in and out with ease from a smartphone sized cover.




online search
use the format 'birmingham quickmap', 'london quickmap', 'newcastle quickmap' or specific seller 'birmingham quickmap stanfords'

 


online sellers

hive.co.uk - support your local shop with free deliveries and local bookshop collection
book depository - 'free worldwide delivery' quoted
amazon - full range depending on warehouse stock
wordery - uk online bookshop with simple inclusive pricing that includes delivery to 100 countries 
stanfords - comprehensive map supplier
waterstones - with free collection from stores plus enjoy browsing over a coffee (tip; enter title and sub-title in search)
foyles - well known london bookshop which has expanded to other cities
ebay - many competitive re-sellers but check for the latest publication date
central books - our city quickmap distributor with full stock
 



stores
whsmith 
      is our stockist at main city stations for buying on the move. manchester piccadilly. liverpool lime street, leeds and london euston stations all have a large range on the shelves.
    
waterstones with +250 stores across uk towns and cities
    
stanfords quickmaps are displayed on the shelves related to each city
    



what's on
quick links -
  for london, birmingham, brighton, bristol, cardiff, edinburgh, glasgow, leeds, liverpool, manchester, newcastle and oxford. 


primrose hill - take a stroll in london's parks. 




buses from london stations


routes can change - disclaimer 

euston . . .
  liverpool street . . .
  king's cross & st.pancras . . .
  paddington . . .
  victoria . . .
  waterloo 


london bus map 
connecting buses with places, tubes, trains & trams... a visual journey planner




  page link to enlarged map


london tube+train map
london's underground tube, rail & tram routes combined... a visual journey planner




  see full-size map


how we work
like the famous 1936 publication "the a-z street atlas" created by a woman phyllis pearsall who recorded streets by walking everywhere in london,
        "the quickmap london all-on-one" was created from a new survey of london by travelling all the bus routes.
        this revealed a village and town focused city that is connected by transport.
        similarly in producing a new city quickmap all the attractions are surveyed which accumulatively reveal a city's special characteristics.
        it is this way of working that reveals a city. our aim is communicate this to you.
     

sales
city quickmaps are particularly suited for selling at travel locations where visitors need forward guidance information such as stations, motorway services areas and airports.
central books is our main distributor and call james on zero-two-zero 8525 8800 for ordering.
gardeners is our wholesaler for uk, europe and worldwide.
      point-of-sale cube is available, please ask.
       



contact

use our email address appearing in the image above.


commission a map animation
see our captivating and informative travel animation showcase at mapmovie.com





awards




2020 bronze award from international institute for information design (iiid) vienna 
    ......2012 winner london transport award 
    ......2010 highly commended association of commuter transport award 
    ......2010 short listed london transport award 
    ......2007 highly commended london transport award 
    ......2003 dti smart award
privacy
quickmap does not use cookies, store your data or pass personal data onto others, see the
  'small print' for site usage.








