






pet-friendly hotels, lodging/accommodations, and vacation rentals in canada










































home
hotels & lodging
dog parks
pet care & travel blog


 








hotels, motels, resorts, cottages, and more for the whole family - pets included!






 




welcome to the pet friendlytm canadahotels, travel, and pet care community

						search through our list of holiday accommodation including hotels, motels, resorts, vacation 
						rentals, cottages, cabins, bed & breakfasts, and other pet-friendly 
						lodging from across canada that your whole family can enjoy 
						(because vacations are for pets, too!)!
			
						dog-friendly vs pet-friendly
dogs are by far the most popular type of pets that people take with them when traveling, so it's
						no surprise that most pet-friendly accommodations can be more accurately described as 
						dog-friendly. some lodgings are proud to be able to offer a 
						location that's close to dog-friendly walking paths, trails, green spaces, and sometimes 
						even leash-free dog parks or beaches.
					
						it's becoming more common for cats and other types of pets to accompany their families as well. 
						we've had reports of travelers with caged pets like birds, gerbils/hamsters, even ferrets; a hotel which
						reported a guest who brought a mini-pig; and there are even accommodations in the countryside
						which provide "bed & bale" to families traveling with a horse! 
					
						
						pet policies change from time to time as well. it's wise to always mention your pet when 
						you book a reservation. in particular:
						
						
verify directly with the hotel that larger dogs are welcome, as some places have size 
						restrictions);
guests traveling with multiple pets should confirm that the property can accommodate
						all of them;
travelers with a pet other than a dog should speak with the reservation desk to 
						ensure that their pet will be welcome;
be aware that most properties charge a pet fee.

the pet-friendly travel universe has been gradually becoming more inclusive to various types 
						of pets, as people recognize that pets are part of the family, too. happy travels!
					





search for pet-friendly hotels and vacation accommodations

- select a province:


british columbia
alberta
saskatchewan
manitoba
ontario
quebec


nova scotia
new brunswick
newfoundland
prince edward island
northwest territories
yukon
nunavut
























 




 

accommodations

british columbia
alberta
saskatchewan
manitoba
ontario
quebec
nova scotia
new brunswick
newfoundland
prince edward island
northwest territories
yukon
nunavut
 united states

pet & travel blog

pet travel checklist
pet travel tips
dog parks & beaches
dog-friendly attractions
caring for your pet

 
			
			



 
		     
 
 



 
© copyright 2001-2024, pet friendly canada. all rights reserved.
tm pet friendly is a registered trademark the property of pet friendly canada.




members
make a payment
contact us


more stuff
pet travel faq
pet care blog
more pet resources
pet-friendly housing


about petfriendly.ca
copyright notice
privacy
terms of use
link to us



 
help reduce the number of homeless and unwanted pets.  
			please spay or neuter your pet!


 





