










	commercial playground equipment | northern tx | child's play
































exclusive . representative serving north texas: 888-665-1119



login
   























about us


history of child's play


history of burke


areas we serve


testimonials


charity playgrounds


careers with child's play




products


playground equipment


bci burke


dynamo equipment




outdoor musical instruments


percussion play | playground musical instruments




fitness equipment


elevate fitness course




shade and shelters


safety surfacing


dog park equipment


site amenities


athletic equipment




services


planning & design


playground funding


purchasing contracts


commercial playground installation


playground safety


playground maintenance


community built playgrounds




catalogs


gallery


photo gallery


video gallery


signature projects




contact us


































































your commercial playground equipment specialists
providing playgrounds & more to northern texas 



















commercial playground equipment


play is an important part of childhood and crucial to the development of all children. we partnered with bci burke, a leader in playground, park and recreation equipment, to bring play that moves you® to communities throughout north texas. from climbing to sliding to spinning, games and more, children learn important skills through play that transcend into the rest of their lives and give them a basis for growth. join our movement® and let us help you bring play to your community!

learn more













outdoor musical instruments


outdoor musical instruments bring a higher level of musical expression to communities around the world. as a universal experience that inspires everyone to create, music brings a sense of wonder to the play environment.

learn more













shade structures


at child’s play, we understand the importance of shade and uv protection and can assist you with shade and shelters for parks and commercial playgrounds to add value and offer a wide variety of options for design or size. from large shelters that can be used for parties and family gatherings to shade that protects children and equipment from the sun, adding one or more of these to your play environment is a way to increase use and offer your community a place to meet, have fun and keep moving!

learn more













safety surfacing


at child's play, we offer great safety surfacing solutions to help keep your kids safe while providing an attractive, accessible playground site. click below to learn more about our surfacing options including engineered wood fiber, poured in place rubber, rubber tiles and artificial turf.

learn more













dog park equipment


at child's play, we offer a variety of dog park equipment. we can help build a community destination to provide the opportunity for exercise and interaction between dogs in a secure environment. park designs are based on popular agility obstacles and are developed for dogs of all abilities and confidence levels. dog park products promote healthy behaviors for dogs, including crawling, climbing, jumping, weaving and balancing. products include leash posts, pet waste stations, drinking fountains, fencing, benches and shade structures.

learn more

















westlawn elementary school
texarkana, tx









highland park united methodist church
dallas, tx









stewart creek park
the colony, tx









westlake academy
westlake, tx









broken arrow early childhood center
broken arrow, ok









ave maria house
tulsa, ok

















exclusive north texas representative for:


copyright 2025 by child's play, inc.
 all rights reserved. website designed by foremost media®.
            







accessibility  :  privacy statement  :  terms of use  :  

login












