









get reallybig - reallybig.com






















































home
fractional svp
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 














think small, be small.
get reallybig
learn the fine art of consultative selling

start today






turn more prospects into clients with proven selling methodology






learn the secrets of successful high-ticket, high-producing, consultative sales teams
drive your sales people to greater success by filling their toolboxes with expert closing skills. 

learn more






we’ll teach your sales team to:

… close more sales with proven selling methodology.
… increase client conversions by 10% – 20% or more — and stop wasting expensive leads!
… apply the 7 immutable laws of high-ticket service sales, on every call
… understand the real difference between “features” and “benefits.”
... learn top sales management skills that turn your salespeople into successful closers. 
… successfully position your business against a large field of strong competitors.
… create compelling proposals & rfp responses that convert more prospects into loyal clients. 
… turn every phone inquiry into a winning consulting session.
… grow client projects into long-term relationships to create ongoing revenue.
… maintain healthy client relationships with sensible payment strategies.
… avoid misunderstandings by establishing clear and practical objectives and expectations.
… enjoy positive outcomes with difficult clients (yup, everyone has ‘em).

learn more




building successful businesses since 1985

we began way back in 1985 by creating powerful outbound telemarketing programs and in-home sales teams for residential heating oil companies that brought in more than 20,000 new service contracts (worth approximately $25 million in annual revenue).
once the internet became an integral part of our lives, we created the very first online directory of resources for web builders, recognized globally (and fondly) as reallybig.com where we established an advertising platform that again generated millions of dollars in revenue for our stakeholders.
we’ve been helping companies grow ever since
for example, we recently grew one small web design agency from $400,000 annually to more than $1.5 million in annual sales (a more than 3x increase!) by applying our proven consultative approach to inbound inquiries — an approach that inspired trust, increased client engagement, and multiplied client project onboardingby more than 300 percent.
 

get reallybig







free consultation
online/everywhere

who we work with
we teach best-practice consultative selling and negotiating skills to all kinds of companies large and small:

digital agencies and others with in-house (and remote) sales teams who sell software, saas, web, creative and b2b services.
startups who rely on our expertise to manage and oversee the entire process of hiring and training a top-performing sales team early on — with less fallout, fewer surprises, and lower costs, to ensure a successful first-stage rollout.
long-established companies with working sales teams already in place — who want to accelerate their growth, open new territories, maximize annual sales performance, and add substantial revenue to their bottom line. 

although we work with companies of all shapes and sizes, our typical client is a medium-to-large“high-ticket” (high dollar, high value) agency who sells services rather than durable goods.small-to-medium agency? explore our “fractional svp” program here. 

get started now








 signature process
how many leads does it take to close a sale?
q. imagine if every one of your enterprise sales reps were able to onboard just one more client every day. how much would this simple increase grow your bottom line?


  a. with just 5 team members, you would add 5 new clients every day, 25 every week. or, more than 100 new clients every month!
as partners in your sales process, we concentrate on boosting closing rates and maximizing sales revenue one step at a time with our proven methodology. “continuous improvement” is the key concept here.
in japan they call this: kaizen.


first, we review your current processes and interact with your operations team to learn your service objectives and clarify revenue channels, in order to provide a deeper understanding of what is required for your company to become reallybig. 
next, we work shoulder-to-shoulder with your sales managers, account execs and sdrs to give them the expert tools they need to successfully engage key clients and close high-revenue, high-yield projects. 
we begin with small gains at first, and regularly collaborate to further build on top of each and every improvement we make. 
working together as a team, this proven process becomes our natural path toward success and, as we proceed forward, your company continues to enjoy increased revenue and growth.

become reallybig





kaizen
the sino-japanese word meaning, continuous improvement or change for the better.

founder’s message
thank you for taking a serious interest in growing your agency! who am i? i’m an independent business & sales management consultant with more than 20 years experience in web development, web agency development, and internet success strategies. i specialize in high-ticket, high-value sales, sales management, contract negotiation, client acquisition, client engagement & retention, successful rfp development and technical proposal delivery. 
after building a succession of premier telemarketing call centers circa 1985, i became deeply involved in the internet revolution, and created reallybig.com in 1997. we focused on serving the global community for many years as a leading online web design resource for early pioneering web builders. 
although the landscape was constantly changing, we applied our earlier experiences to maximize our flow of leads, learned how to make every phone call count, and enjoyed enormous success in the process. 
now, more than twenty years later, i’m committed to putting that deep experience to work for you, by sharing — and unraveling —  the seemingly mysterious secrets of consultative selling.
reach out today to ramp up your sales results and improve your bottom line. 
i’m truly excited about working with your team to build your company into something reallybig!
— jeff singer



point kaizen
it is one of the most commonly implemented types of kaizen. it happens very quickly and usually without much planning. as soon as something is found broken or incorrect, quick and immediate measures are taken to correct the issues.
these measures are generally small, isolated and easy to implement; however they can have a huge impact.

get started now




 










facebook




twitter




instagram




rss


copyright 1997-2019 reallybig.com. all rights reserved. 
















