





light energy studio



























 



		skip to content











home
infinity mirrorsmenu toggle

infinity mirror tables
portal infinity mirror


led dance floorsmenu toggle

3d infinity
interactive


led dance platformsmenu toggle

pole dance platforms


decorative led displaysmenu toggle

light energy portal


dj boothsmenu toggle

dj facades


led furniture
light sculpture
contact us
 





 










 







main menu

 

menu
















 










light energy studio has been  designing and creating unique decorative furnishings for commercial and residential interiors for over 2 decades.  many of our creations are in hotels, night clubs, restaurants, luxury yachts, dental offices, theme parks and modest to luxury homes.
some of our creations have been used in the entertainment industry, such as on tv shows, and in films, as well as at trade shows.
we do offer a few products made by other companies but most of our products are made by us. 







our featured products 









 




infinity mirror wall displays and tables 



we have a wide assortment of infinity mirror displays and tables with different shapes and sizes and other features. crafted with quality materials. 






infinity mirrors










 




led dj booths and led facades 



we have several options for our dj booths and dj facades. from low resolution to higher resolution displays. all made with aluminum frames. 






dj booths & facades










 




led dance floors 



we offer a wide variety of led dance floors; interactive, video, disco style, infinity mirror dance floors and more. 






led dance floors














 




led lighted acrylic dance platforms 



our unique led lighted dance platforms are made of acrylic and lighted not only on the top surface but the sides as well. the standard heights are one foot and 2 foot. 







led dance platforms










 



led edge-lit acrylic tables and pedestals 



we fabricate led edge-lit tables in many shapes and sizes. 






 




led furniture - acrylic tables and pedestals 



we fabricate acrylic tables and pedestals illuminated with internal leds.  great for enhancing any modern interior space. 






led furniture













 



decorative led displays 



we make a wide variety of decorative led wall displays from small to large.  most are made with acrylic and leds 






decorative led displays










 




led acrylic pole dance platforms 



our unique led lighted pole dance platforms are made of acrylic and lighted, not only on the top surface, but the sides as well. the standard heights are 8″ and 12″. we use the 2″ diameter 8 ft tall stainless steel poles, non-spinning. 






led pole dance platforms










 




light sculpture 



we make a wide variety of decorative light sculptures from small to large.  most are made of acrylic, wood and leds. 






light sculpture












light energy studio’s website is being updated with a new look and new products. check back in a few days to view more details, pictures and videos of our featured products. 



 







contact us at:design@lightenergystudio.comphone: 1-818-565-1033located in chatsworth, california 








 








 




3d infinity dance floorscontact usdecorative led displaysdj boothsdj facadeshomeinfinity mirror tablesinfinity mirrorsinteractive dance floorsled dance floorsled dance platformsled furnitureled pole dance platformslight energy portallight sculptureportal infinity mirror 

sign upsign up 












copyright © 2025 light energy studio
 

























