
russ nelson's home page









russ nelson's home page









married ewa wdzieczak-smering in 2019, so she's now technically ewa wdzieczak-smering-nelson, which is a mouthful, so she will sometimes go as ewa nelson.

my master's thesis, the clarkson loop
i'm on instagram as russ.n.

i have thousands of pictures up on flickr

i've been on google+ for a while now.

i have some code up on github. not all of it, but some of it.

i'm currently working on the real-time hydrologic system.

some lunatic politician says his local newspaper can't use his name.. kirby delauter, kirby delauter, kirby delauter. they are laughing at him, and so am i.

my daughter rebecca nelson 
volunteered with trama textiles, a
100% worker-owned women's weaving association in quetzaltenango (xela),
guatemala.

my friend richard palmer has written many articles on the days when stagecoach travel was the only way to get around. he's publishing them on his blog as "stagecoach days".

my google profile. it's also available via http://russnelson.com/+.

celebrated my 53rd birthday last week. was born march 21st, 1958. first day of spring!

i'm working with jim bonner on the ra-tes (research, applied-technology, and education services). project.

i worked from january '09 through july for cloudmade on their
community ambassador team, working to promote openstreetmap.  i ran openstreetmap mapping
parties around the northeast united states.

i'm twittering as russnelson.

 claims that
you need their permission to use their trademark to link to their website.
i call bullshit.  we have free speech in this country: you may use a
trademark truthfully.

t-mobile claims this color:   as a trademark, and says that you
can't use it.  well, tough titty: i am.

danese cooper is famous for knitting in public.  that's not so very
controversial.  but she knits at meetings!  of course, anybody who
knows anything about knitting will realize that it's always safer to have
a knitter knitting.  keeps them out of trouble.

so there's this librarian down in pennsylvania by the name of zhanna who chases old
railroads, geocaches, goes for mountain bike rides on old railbeds,
documents survey marks, is an intj, and still plays with her legos.  the overlap in our interests
is uncanny.  she has even visited the  first
benchmark i ever saw, in shohola,
pa.  somewhere among my effects is a rubbing of the benchmark.

i thought i'd make a listing of unfinished railroads of new york
state.  these are railroads that started construction, but never
had tracks.

georeferencing mp3s
nelson's dictum: there is no such thing as a problem; there are only
unmet business opportunities.

i'm interested in the ruf, and you should
be, too.

i'm now blogging on general subjects at blog.russnelson.com.
i wonder if google will index my mailing list archives.  i've
heard that it doesn't because all of the links are given as [link].
we'll find out.  update: it doesn't.  i'll have to try another method.
update: trying complete generation via apache sethandler script.
do you need to print w-2 forms using open source software?  i
wrote a python program which generates postscript that prints values
in the correct spaces on the sheet-fed (aka laser) dual form w-2 wage
and tax statement.  it's called print-form-w-2, naturally enough.  you'll
need to adapt it for your own purposes.  i'm sure you'll need to
adjust the values for the two translate statements to get the form to
print correctly on your printer.  please send a copy of your
modifications for me to share with others.
i'm running    on my linksys wrt54g access points.
my friends at the northern new
york library network have scanned a whole pile of newspapers into .pdf
form, and then ocr'ed them with the text in the .pdf file.  so you can
do plain-text searches on .pdf image files.  well done!
i'm using the crynwr email confirmation
algorithm for my email.  if i haven't whitelisted your email, you'll
get an autoresponse.  if it bounces, i delete your email.  sorry.
i've also found that about half of my spam email simply disappears if
i have a higher distance mx record that rejects all email.  in time it
won't work so very well, but it's useful for now.
got pestered into uploading my oscon 2004 pictures.
just say "no!" to internal passports
reason magazine's cover (inside cover, inside back cover, and back
cover) were printed using a technology which lets the publisher
customize anything.  the front cover shows an aerial photograph with your house circled.  or, almost: .
i used to row crew in the grateful oars rowing club.
my email always has a signature block, with a quote or quip off to
the right of it.  i've saved many years of my signatures and archived them.
i'm keeping notes on my brother
mfc 3820cn and my linux desktop.
rb donnelly.
nasreddin hodja on business ethics.
my blog, the angry economist.
ident is not of use to servers.
pictures from oscon6
weekend fun
clam fritters
155 reasons why people donate to the red cross
wtc pics, sucked off a webcam
before the ice storm of '98
after the ice storm of '98
some of my long-term projects
our house
in memory of my father, who died january 16th, 1995
in memory of my mother, who died november 22, 2002
how crynwr software got started (and other stuff)
family photos
pacifist postings of mine
pictures of our land on pleasant valley rd.
my company (crynwr software)
my hotlist(lots of interesting and outdated stuff here)
my pgp key
my first rfc, msp (that's message send protocol)
my second rfc, msp 2.
my third rfc, notes on pop3
fwompt
copyright is dead as long as we can publish random bits.
my first usenet posting.  thank you, google.
borland didn't like it when i fixed a bug in their code.
stuff i do to help make the net a better place:

translated the dns rfc (1035) into html at my rfc1035 page.
host the wifi jfdi site.
executive director of the public software fund
host a bunch of .us community web sites.
run an anti-spam tester.  works for the rbl, dul, imrss, rrss, orbs, dssl, and sssl dns-based blocks.
host the mgetty mailing list.
host the lego-robotics mailing list.
host the quickcam-drivers mailing list.
host the free software business mailing list.
served as a board member for 13 years and as president of the open source initiative.
wrote freemacs (the first programmable editor for the 80x86 architecture) which some people apparently still use.
wrote packet drivers.
sell support for qmail.
host the boa web server homepage.
keep the linux winmodems site up.
i distribute a copy of decss, and you should too.
i have a patch to gif2png.



railroads

new york state department of transportation did an inventory in 1974 of
all the abandoned railroad right of ways.  they were published as typewritten
documents, and so never existed as text on a computer.  they're currently
available as
pdf files.  but google seems not to have found those files, which is
no surprise, because they're hidden behind a search box.  oops!  i'm taking
the liberty of turning them into html documents and reposting them on the
web:  nys dot inventory of abandoned railroads.

i have a comprehensive listing of the rail-trails of new york state.  they follow the paths of abandoned railroads in ny which are officially open.  many other disused railbeds in nys are informally open for hiking, biking, snowmobiling, and some for atv riding.  trail owners tend to get grumpy at atv riders more than snowmobilers because of the damage that the off-road tires do to the trail surface.
i'm now publishing my database of new york state railroad routes.

started a web page on the rutland trail.
hmmm....  i seem to have forgotten to link to my page on mike
kudish's excellent book railroads of the
adirondacks.  if ever there were tracks on the ground anywhere in
the adirondacks, mike has a chapter on it.
some railfans have visited the norwood
& st. lawrence railroad.  that's the working end of the
railroad labelled 'c' below.  i visited it on 9/23/04, and found
several interesting things.  first, that they moved obpa#1 to a point
on the former mainline underneath the power
lines.  i suspect that they did this to remind the power line
folks that they have a railroad underneath their power lines.  also, i
found the place
where the tracks
end.
finally started a page about the clifton iron
mine railroad.
rob logan found a wonderful poster entitled "new york state
railroad network".  it was published by frank e. richards, phoenix,
new york, and copyrighted 1958 (fair use claimed).  prepared by
r. j. rayback, and drawn by j. a. peterson.  i did a five-part scan of
it and stitched it together badly (yuck).  still, it's better than
nothing.  there's a small one
(1333x1200, small is relative) and a very large one (6666x6000 pixels,
3mb).  mapmakers traditionally insert a small discrepency into their
maps so they can detect derivative works.  i believe that i've found
an error which is likely their inserted discrepency.  they claim that there
is a railroad heading east from pavilion, ny.  it would have to cross
an impossibly steep hill, and i can't find it on either topographic maps
or aerial photos.  i contacted virginia rigoni, town of pavilion historian
on 11/13/2005 and she assures me that the only railroad in the town of
pavilion is the well-known north/south b&o line.
there's a rail-trail just north of syracuse called the oswego recreational trail.  nobody else has a web page with any good information about it.
clifton iron mine and wooden railroad.  not
much on the railroad yet, but i'll get it there in time.
potential and existing rail-trails (1.1mbyte image) in st. lawrence county.

a is the rutland trail.
b is at least partially publicly owned by the town of lawrence.
  sections are privately owned; some are posted.  see the rutland trail
  page for more informaiton.
a and b are not connected because a major bridge was removed in
  the village of winthrop.  b is also disjoint at north lawrence.
c is privately owned.  i have ridden it from the west bank of
  the racquette near raymondville.  several portions of it have been
  sold to the surrounding property owners, who have merged it into
  their parcel.  this is not a good sign.  on the other hand, all the
  bridges are still in place, so if enough cooperative landowners can
  be found, then the uncooperative ones can be bypassed.
d is the maple city trail for 2.2 miles at the north end, and portions
  are ridable the rest of the way.  unfortunately, the lighthouse
  point corporation sold it off in bits and pieces, and like c, the
  railbed has been legally merged into the surrounding parcels.  that
  does not bode well for a continuously ridable trail.  the ogdensburg
  agreement was signed by roosevelt and king on this rail line in
  1940.
e is ridable at least for some portions. it seems not to be ridable where it's close to 37.  in 2001, st. lawrence
  county sold off 17 miles of e for taxes.  pretty dumb, eh?  e
  continues into jefferson county to redwood.  
  starting in redwood, it is being maintained by the rivergate wheelers atv
  club.  they have put substantial effort into ensuring that it's
  ridable all the way to rivergate, and thence back to clayton or on
  to philadelphia.
f is ridable
  from newton falls to clifton mine.  the rails are still in place
  from newton falls to benson mines.  a portion of the railbed closest
  to newton falls is privately owned as a separate parcel.  the rest
  of the line is not now and maybe never was parceled out from the
  surrounding property.  in any case, once you get into the town of
  clifton, there is a new york state recreation easement.
  unfortunately, it's gated close to the clifton iron mine end when
  you get to the clifton hunt club property.
g (which isn't on the map) is ridable
  from conifer to sr3 west of sevey's corners where it turns due west.

  h (also not on the map) is the brandy
  brook trail.

  i (are you starting to detect a pattern here?) is ridable
  if you're willing to push through brush, carry your bicycle past
  beaver flooding, and hop over fallen trees.  in other words, it's
  not very ridable.  however, it would be a nice trail into cranberry
  lake if it were maintained.

  j, k, and l are all logging railroads which head south from
  wanakena, benson mines, and aldrich.

  m goes from dekalb junction to hermon but is either farmer's
  fields or brushed over.

  n goes from eddy to pyrites but is somebody's driveway, then
  farm roads, then somebody's driveway again at the grasse river
  crossing.  no bridge, no hope.

  p is the wooden railroad that went from the hermon-dekalb
  central school to clifton mines.  so much of this railbed was built
  using trestles that no real right of way exists; just a few linear
  humps.

  q is the edwards recreational trail, which heads west from
  edwards for about two miles.  it could probably be extended to
  emeryville (except for ownership problems) because a crucial bridge
  is still in place.

  
the rome, watertown & ogdensburg railroad
the sackets harbor & ellisburg railroad company
carthage watertown & sackets harbor railroad
the bombay & moira
bicycling the rutland northern division
nyc north from malone
nyc south from malone

here's my contact information:
crynwr software
russnelson@gmail.com
+1 315-600-8815 cell

