

teaching-tools.com: the easy and fast way to create language arts, geography and math worksheets.

















  subscribe   
home | member's page | site map | contact us











			member id: 
			password: 





 




math worksheets


whole numbers worksheets



math tables worksheets
addition/subtraction worksheets
addition worksheets
column addition worksheets
addition tool
subtraction worksheets
subtraction tool
multiplication worksheets
multiplication tool
division worksheets



decimal numbers worksheets



decimal number lines
decimal addition
decimal subtraction
decimal multiplication
decimal division



fractions worksheets



fraction addition
fraction subtraction
fraction multiplication
fraction division
fraction conversion



algebra worksheets



distributive property
algebra problems



miscellaneous math worksheets



adding/subtracting integers
comparing numbers
ordering numbers
math terms definitions
math terms worksheets
geometry terms worksheets
geometry picture dictionary
ordered pairs worksheets
clue words list
clue words worksheets
printable graph paper





geography worksheets



geography terms definitions
geography terms worksheet
map terms definitions
map terms worksheet
geography picture dictionary
geography project


usa



usa states list
usa capitals list
usa states & capitals list
usa states & capitals worksheet
outline map of the usa
usa east map matching exercise
usa west map matching exercise


other countries



europe map matching exercise
europe map & countries
outline map of africa
african countries list




language arts



recommended books: g 1&2
recommended books: g 3&4
recommended books: g 5&6




english worksheets



parts of speech definitions
parts of speech: matching
parts of speech: identifying words
noun plurals worksheets
grammar terms worksheets
antonyms, homonyms & synonyms worksheets
prefixes & suffixes worksheets
abbreviations & acronyms worksheets
text scrambler
word scrambler
grammar tool





parents/teachers tips



better reading
selecting a book
classroom management
communicating with parents
communicating with a teacher

recommended reading





			miscellaneous



printable graph paper
group games (external resource)


 

 

 
				teaching-tools: "teaching made easier!"

"quickly generate an almost infinite number of printable worksheets and their answer keys."
				whether you are a teacher tired of buying practice books to reinforce the skills you have taught, or a parent in need of extra practice for your child, "teaching-tools" was designed for you!
						using "teaching-tools" worksheets generators you'll be able to quickly generate an almost infinite number of printable worksheets and their answer keys.
			









math worksheets
			this section contains "tools" to generate math practice worksheets. these include addition and multiplication tables with exercises; whole numbers, decimal and fraction operations worksheets; matching exercises for math terms, geometry terms and "story problems" clue words;  an "identifying geometry shapes" exercise, and an ordered pairs (coordinates) exercise.






geography worksheets
			here you will find outline maps to print or use online; matching exercises for map reading terms, geography terms, states, capitals and countries; lists of states, capitals and countries for study usage; an exercise consisting in writing geography terms and drawing their representations; and more...






language arts
			here you will find definition lists, matching exercises for grammar terms and "parts of speech"; noun plurals worksheets; text and word scramblers (including suggestions for practice exercises); an "identify the parts of speech" exercise; an "antonyms, homonyms, synonyms" exercise; a grammar tool to make your own sentences-based worksheet exercises.






printable graph paper

				this graph maker gives you the capability to make a custom chart or graph. you can choose the number of columns and rows, the width of the columns, the height of the rows, as well as the color and thickness of the lines.
 

parents/teachers tips

				this section contains various tips and ideas for parents and teachers: classroom management tips, selecting a book for your student or child, helping your child with reading, communicating between teachers and parents, helping your child with homework... 
 

recommended books

				here you will find lists of recommended books for students, a list of the most popular teacher books for resources & ideas, and books recommended for parents to help their children become more successful in school.








terms of use / disclaimer


		©2025 teaching-tools. all right reserved.
		 



