



connecticut antiques online dealers american european furniture estate gold diamond jewelry sterling silver paintings fine art porcelain ceramics objects of art antiquing in new england


































toggle navigation




oneofakindantiques.com





categories 

advertising
african art masks
antiquities
architectural
art pottery
asian
baskets
books
boxes
brass copper bronze pewter
cast iron
childrens
chinese
clocks / timepieces / watches
decorative objects
desk articles
epherma
featured / fabulous finds
fine art
firearms, militia guns
folk art
furniture
glass art
india
japanese
jewelry / estate / gold / silver
kitchen items
lighting
maritime
mirrors
musical
native american
photographic / photos / cameras
porcelain
prints / lithographs / etchings
memorabilia
sculpture
sewing
silver
sports memorabilia
stoneware
textiles
tiffany
tools
toys



information 

antiques price guide
appraisals
about one of a kind antiques
consigning & purchasing
contact us
selling your items
payment policy
shipping
privacy policy
return policy
connecticut sales tax
customer feedback
auction services
bookmark our website
selling silver and gold
link to one of a kind antiques





enter keywords to search




        		     any word(s)
        	



        		     all word(s)
        	

search


receive email updates!









established 1975


one of a kind
antiques
oneofakind antiques.com


online since 1995



 


 


 


contact us







					[
you are on page # 1 in the furniture category of our website. there are 220 items in this category.  click one of the pages below to view more items in this category.





← previous
1
2
3
4
5
 . . . 
40
41
42
43
44
next →






click any image to zoom
























charles eames for herman miller early psc chairs

item# 12138    $1200

charles eames for herman miller set of five early psc chairs. labeled zeeland, mich and gardena calif, circa 1960. all the chairs swivel easily and are in excellent working order. the leatherette has separated along the lower seam line of each chair, and there is a small hole in the back of one chair (please see photos). as found estate condition from original owner. each chair measures 31.5 inches high to the back, 18.5 inches high to the seat, 19 inches wide and and 18.5 inches deep.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom




























vintage eldred wheeler tiger maple secretary

item# 12137    $6750

vintage eldred wheeler two part tiger maple secretary in the chippendale style. this is a museum quality piece of furniture. hand crafted by a master craftsman working for eldred wheeler. full step-back interior, compartmented top with sliding shelves over four graduated drawers ending in ogee bracket feet. this desk also a has a secret compartment. eldred wheeler is no longer in business. in its day, the shop made the finest reproductions of period american furniture, but precious few secretaries of this quality. measures 78.5 inches high, 20 inches deep at the base, 10 inches deep at the top, 35 inches wide, and 31 inches high to the writing surface.  please see "eldred wheeler / a collector's guide" by emmett w. eldred, page 262, for reference to this secretary. note: the key is not the original one, but it can be used to open the lid and doors; also, the two bottom right side boards have shrunken a bit which is not uncommon.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom
















eldred wheeler tiger maple connecticut lowboy

item# 12136    $3750

vintage eldred wheeler tiger maple connecticut lowboy in the queen anne style of 1760-80. measures 30 inches high, 33 inches wide, and 20 inches deep. its two-board top is hand dovetailed into the sides; wooden pin construction, hand block planed, fine hand carved shell on lower middle drawer, dovetailed drawers with chamfered bottoms, scalloped hand tooled skirts, and solid brass hardware. excellent original condition. eldred wheeler was established in 1977 and is no longer in business. in its day the company made the finest copies of authentic early american furniture. please see "eldred wheeler / a collector's guide" by emmett w. eldred, page 211, for reference to this exact lowboy.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom





















eldred wheeler tiger maple hunt board

item# 12135    $5750

vintage eldred wheeler tiger maple hunt board or sideboard in the hepplewhite style of 1790-1799. strong all over tiger grain. wonderful condition. pronounced hand block-planed surface, wood pin joinery. walnut banding around the three graduated drawers that also have hand-cut dovetails and chamfered bottoms. it measures 63.75" long x 21.5" wide x 39" high. eldred wheeler was established in 1977 and is no longer in business. in its day the company made the finest copies of authentic early american furniture. please see "eldred wheeler / a collector's guide" by emmett w. eldred, page 214, for reference to this sideboard.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom




























early cradle in original green and red paint c1800

item# 12133    $875

rare early new england primitive cradle in original dry mossy green and red paint, circa 1790-1810. this is the best cradle we have come across in our 50 years of selling fine antiques. all original powder dry paint, never waxed. no repairs. measures 38.5 inches long, 29 inches high to the bonnet, 13.5 inches high to the sides, and 16 inches wide.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.







← previous
1
2
3
4
5
 . . . 
40
41
42
43
44
next →













copyright ©1995-2025, oneofakindantiques.com, llc. owned and operated by one of a kind antiques, llc. all rights reserved. one of a kind antiques, dealers since 1975  in: american, european & asian antiques, baroque, rococo, empire, federal, regency, victorian, arts and crafts, art deco, mid century modern & country furniture, folk art, fine art, decorative objects, silver, rugs, ceramics & lighting.
grandpashabet
grandpashabet giriş
palacebet
royalbet
palacebet giriş
pashagaming
hızlıbahis
palacebet güncel giriş
pashagaming giriş
royalbet giriş
grand pashabet
porno

 







