




enterprise performance management | oracle
































































































































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu














overview


epm products


epm platform
planning
profitability and cost management
financial consolidation and close
account reconciliation
tax reporting
narrative reporting
freeform
enterprise data management
enterprise resource planning (erp)






compare


best epm
oracle cloud epm vs. anaplan
oracle cloud epm vs. sap
migrate from sap bpc and bfc to oracle cloud epm
oracle cloud epm vs. workday adaptive planning






migrate to cloud


hyperion to cloud
data relationship management (drm) to cloud




customer stories


what's new


epm center of excellence (coe)
epm for esg
connected planning





















applications












oracle enterprise performance management
gain the agility and insights you need to outperform in any market condition. oracle fusion cloud enterprise performance management (epm) helps you model and plan across finance, hr, supply chain, and sales, streamline the financial close process, and drive better decisions.


request a demo
























ai-driven finance: capitalizing on an agentic landscape
watch this on-demand webinar to discover how ai can drive real business outcomes and prepare your organization for the future of finance. make ai your competitive edge.


access the webinar





oracle is a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for financial planning software
evaluating epm vendors? make an informed decision with the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for financial planning software.*


access the financial planning report





oracle fusion cloud epm 15-minute demos
see how epm provides organizations visibility and control of their business, from sales to supply chain to the workforce. see the lineup of live and on-demand demo sessions.


see the full lineup













oracle fusion cloud enterprise performance management





platform
planning
profitability and cost management
financial consolidation and close
account reconciliation
tax reporting
narrative reporting
freeform
enterprise data management












epm platform
oracle cloud enterprise performance management (epm) platform is a framework of the technical and functional components shared among cloud epm processes. it enables you to have a more unified user experience and simplified administration across different business functions.



see epm platform details




















truly connect all planning
drive agile, connected plans—from scenario modeling and long-range planning to budgeting and line of business planning—that are built on best practices and advanced technologies.



see planning product details




















gain a deeper understanding of costs and profitability
understand your most profitable products or lines of business and, inversely, your biggest costs, to make more informed decisions about where to take the business. build transparent allocation models for profitability analysis, shared service costing, it financial management, tax transfer pricing.



see profitability and cost management product details




















close your books faster
adapt quickly to changing business and compliance requirements while delivering faster, more accurate, and transparent reporting. leverage built-in functionality that covers the full spectrum of end-to-end close tasks.



see financial consolidation and close product details




















streamline account reconciliation
automate account reconciliations and transaction matching. improve the efficiency and accuracy of your financial statements while addressing security and risk typically associated with the process.



see account reconciliation product details




















bring together tax and finance
align tax with corporate financial reporting for better visibility and compliance.  deliver transparent corporate tax processes—including tax provision and country by country reporting (cbcr).



see tax reporting product details




















analytics and reporting, reinvented
stay ahead of internal and external reporting requirements with narrative reporting for collaboratively authoring and publishing financial, management, and regulatory report packages.



see narrative reporting product details




















create planning and reporting applications to meet all your needs
drive better decisions with the multidimensional analysis, planning, modeling, and reporting in oracle fusion cloud enterprise performance management (epm). oracle cloud freeform delivers the familiar power and flexibility of essbase with the scalability and governance of saas. if you can imagine it, you can build it.



see freeform product details




















take charge of your enterprise data
manage business change with enterprise data management, including enterprise data governance, change data visualization, and hierarchy management.



see enterprise data management product details

























discover five key reasons why leading companies trust oracle as their financial close solution.


view the solution brief (pdf)














how oracle enterprise performance management helps you outperform with agility






gain value with the most complete cloud
comprehensively address your needs with functional breadth and depth across financial and operational planning, consolidation and close, master data management, and more.


see the value of the oracle cloud epm suite (pdf)




use embedded intelligence to make better decisions
drive better decisions with scenario modeling and built-in, advanced analytics. ai and machine learning bring you data-driven insights to help you take action faster.


the future of finance is data driven. are you ready?




plan continuously across your business
seamlessly connect data across your entire organization so you can build forecasts and scenarios that update automatically as your bottom line changes.


get your cloud epm guide (pdf)




trust the acknowledged leader in enterprise performance management
oracle epm consistently tops analyst rankings; thousands of customers gain more value from running their epm processes with oracle in the cloud.


get the epm value report (pdf)













enterprise performance management solutions




connected enterprise planning
today’s most successful companies are moving from siloed to connected planning—and seeing better business performance as a result. by providing a unified view of financial, operational, and line of business planning, oracle cloud enterprise performance management (epm) improves planning accuracy and makes your company more agile. advanced technologies, such as ai, machine learning, and predictive analytics, enable finance teams to integrate real-time data into planning, eliminating delays in decision-making.
connect. align. outperform.




4 big corporate finance strategy moves you should make now
cfos and their teams are seeking innovative ways to spark business growth in a rapidly changing environment—and experts agree that their next moves should be big ones. this means pivoting to new business models; capitalizing on mergers and acquisitions or divesting underperforming assets; automating processes; or putting a stop to manual risk management that can compromise security and compliance. see how digital strategies and cloud solutions can prepare finance teams and their companies for whatever comes next.
how to make your move




scenario planning—forecast beyond a crisis
as companies address ongoing disruption, they're faced with massive uncertainty. forward-thinking cfos and their teams are using scenario planning to eliminate some of the guesswork. this type of planning allows them to run faster, more frequent scenarios to examine potential impacts on the business.
find your path forward




is your it organization an active partner with your business?
oracle’s cloud-based it financial management solution empowers cios to effectively run it as a business, with capabilities that enable greater transparency into it shared services and more insight to support it investment decisions.
read the solution brief (pdf)




move hyperion to the cloud for greater agility
to stay on top of innovation and remain agile, oracle hyperion customers are moving to a cloud-based epm solution.
move to cloud epm




what is enterprise performance management?
epm software helps you analyze, understand, and report on your business. it provides management insights about your operational and transactional data.
what is epm?




move oracle data relationship management (drm) to cloud
hundreds of oracle drm customers have migrated to oracle fusion cloud edm to leverage their data assets more effectively, leading to improved agility and better business outcomes.
data relationship management (drm) to cloud




















on-demand webinar: maximize data to improve cost management
discover how oracle cloud epm helps gm financial monitor and analyze costs in near real time.
register to watch the webinar







on-demand webinar: accelerate a connected end-to-end financial close
hear how global energy company world kinect is replacing finance point solutions and building out their connected close with cloud epm.
register to watch the webinar







on-demand webinar: pacific life—transform finance and data for business growth
hear about pacific life's ongoing finance transformation and growth story. from decision to execution. gain insights and get tips for managing your own transformation.
watch the webinar now







on-demand webinar: onsemi—turn your finance function into a true business partner
discover how planning and forecasting in cloud epm improved decision-making and boosted collaboration at onsemi. hear how they built an agile finance function to meet business needs.
watch the webinar now














epm customer successes

see all customer stories


learn why almost 10,000 leading corporations worldwide trust oracle to run their mission-critical business functions.












































































 
















transform cash forecasting with ai
wayne heather, epm product marketing director, oracle
many finance leaders lack confidence in their cash forecasts and struggle to manage cash. in an effort to improve forecasting, companies are seeking cutting-edge cash and liquidity management solutions.  they want a holistic, real-time view of their cash data and tools to help them accurately predict their cash liquidity.  with accurate predictions, companies can take timely and data-driven actions with customers, suppliers, investments, or internal transfers to optimize their working capital.
read the full article | subscribe to the blog


featured blogs


may 20, 2024
top 5 challenges of navigating continuous cash forecasting


february 23, 2024
5 reasons companies switch to oracle for automating the close


december 13, 2023
why oracle closes its books twice as fast as sap and workday


august 22, 2023
exploring the benefits of replacing sap bfc with oracle cloud epm financial consolidation and close

view all












resources





cloud update readiness
documentation
customer community
cloud learning
support and services
related content
















learn what's new in the latest epm release
review cloud update readiness material to learn what's new in your epm cloud service and plan for quarterly updates.

readiness materials
find out why oracle has the best performance management applications
learn why and how to build an epm center of excellence (coe)
















access a library of documentation
oracle help center provides detailed information about our products and services with targeted solutions, getting started guides, and content for advanced use cases.
see documentation















join a community of your peers
cloud customer connect is oracle's premier online cloud community. with more than 200,000 members, it's designed to promote peer-to-peer collaboration and sharing of best practices, product updates, and feedback.
join today














develop your oracle cloud epm skills
oracle university provides learning solutions to help build cloud skills, validate expertise, and accelerate adoption. get access to free basic training and accreditation with the oracle learning explorer program.
start learning for free





learning resources

cloud epm training
oracle guided learning
cloud epm learning subscription
cloud epm certification















support

my oracle support
support policies and practices
customer success services






services

soar to cloud migration services
consulting
find a partner











on-premise products
oracle hyperion planning, an agile planning solution that supports enterprise-wide planning, budgeting, and forecasting, provides a robust modeling framework to help businesses develop reliable financial forecasts and produce cost-effective enterprise alignment.
see hyperion planning




pages

ebook: a business manager's guide to next generation cloud applications (pdf)
what is epm?
what is fp&a?
compare oracle's saas applications vs. the competition
close the books faster with oracle fusion cloud erp and epm




















the oracle playbook series
we've compiled the secrets to our people, process, and systems strategy. and we want to share them with you.


get the details













get started with oracle cloud epm





request a live demo


get a live demo with an oracle cloud epm expert.


request a live oracle epm demo







take a tour


take a tour of cloud epm.


start the epm product tour







contact sales


talk to a member of our team about oracle cloud epm.


contact epm sales















* gartner®, magic quadrant for financial planning software, november 18, 2024. regina crowder, vaughan archer, matthew mowrey, michelle carlsen.
gartner is a registered trademark and service mark, and magic quadrant is a registered trademark of gartner, inc. and/or its affiliates in the u.s. and internationally and are used herein with permission. all rights reserved.
gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. gartner research publications consist of the opinions of gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
this graphic was published by gartner, inc. as part of a larger research document and should be evaluated in the context of the entire document.













resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























