











nywf64.com - 1964 / 1965 new york world's fair 1964 / 1965



last updated:  february 8, 2022















home


   welcome! 


hello and welcome to the showcase of the future that was the 1964/1965 new york world's fair.
use the menu tabs to explore thousands of pages of information and photographs celebrating this billion dollar world's fair!



the fair


   come to the fair! 


take in an overview of the fair.  find out how it began and learn about its final days.  see facts and figures and fly high above the fairgrounds to take in awesome views!  discover what else was happening in the world of 1964 and 1965!


here's what you can do ...



... follow the story of the fair.  a good place to begin your visit!read more...


... stop at the information booth for the facts & figures of the fair. read more...


... get the big picture ... navigate nywf64.com with a "clickable" photograph of the fair. read more...


... see the fair from the air ... amazing aerial views.read more...


... see how the fair was built -- a 20th century engineering marvel! read more...


... take in the close of the fair, its final days, demolition and site restoration. read more...


... learn why this fair wasn't an official world's fair. read more...


... uncover the difficult search for international participants for the fair.read more...


... remember the era of the fair ... the other major events of 1964 & 1965. read more...



attractions


  visit pavilions & exhibits!


more than 150 pavilions on 646 acres of fairgrounds are waiting for you!
                   use the alphabetical list below to find an exhibit of interest.
you can also use the maps tab or "the big picture" (found under the fair tab) to access the pavilions at nywf64.com.


here's what you can see ...




a
aerial tower ride and waffle restaurant
african pavilion
alaska
all-state properties and macy's
american express
american indian exposition
american-israel pavilion
amphicar ride
amphitheatre
argentina
arlington hat
astral fountain
atomedic hospital
austria
auto thrill show
avis antique car ride
b
bargreen buffet
belgian village
bell system
berlin
better living center
billy graham
"bounty"
bourbon street
boy scouts of america
brass rail food services
british lion pub
c
caribbean, the
carnival
carousel park
central america - panama
century grill
china, republic of
christian science
chrysler
chun king inn
chunky candy
churchill center
cities service
clairol




c
coca-cola
continental circus
continental insurance
continental park
d
dancing waters
demonstration center
denmark
du pont
dynamic maturity
e
eastern air lines
eastman kodak
entrance building
entrance towers
equitable life assurance
f
festival of gas
fiesta
fine arts pavilion
first national city bank
florida
florida citrus water ski show
flume ride
ford
formica
fountain of the continents
fountain of the fairs
fountain of the planets
fountain of progress north
fountain of progress south
france
funland
g
garden of meditation
general cigar
general electric
general foods arches
general motors
greece
greyhound
guinea
h
hall of education




h
hall of free enterprise
hall of science
hawaii
heartland states u.s.a.
hertz travel center
hollywood
hong kong
house of good taste
i
illinois
india
indonesia
international business machines
international plaza
ireland
j
japan
jaycopter ride
johnson's wax
jordan
julimar farm
k
kiddyland
korea, republic of
l
lake cruise
lebanon
les poupees de paris
lighting & effects
lithuanian wayside cross
long island rail road
louisiana
lowenbrau gardens
lunar fountain
m
main mall
malaysia
maryland
masonic center
mastro pizza
medo photo supply
mexico
midwestern states exhibit
minnesota




m
missouri
monorail
montana
mormon church
morocco
n
national cash register
national maritime union park
new england
new jersey
new mexico
new york city pavilion and ice theater
new york state
o
oklahoma
oregon
p
pakistan
pan american highway gardens
parker pen
pavilion of american interiors
pavilion of paris
pennsylvania
pepsi-cola
philippines
polynesia
pool of industry
pool of reflections
port authority heliport
press building & public relations
protestant and orthodox center
r
rca
rheingold
rocket thrower, the
russian orthodox greek-catholic church of america
s
"santa maria"
schaefer
scott paper
sermons from science
seven-up
shea stadium




s
sierra leone
simmons
sinclair
singer bowl
skf
socony mobil
solar fountain
space park
spain
sudan
sweden
swiss sky ride
switzerland
t
texas pavilions and music hall
thailand
thrill rides
tiparillo band pavilion
tower of light
transportation and travel
travelers insurance
two thousand tribes
u
u.s. post office
u.s. rubber
unisphere
underground world home
united arab republic
united nations
united states
v
vatican
venezuela
w
walter's international wax museum
westinghouse
west virginia
wisconsin
"wonder world"
world of food
"world's fair band of america"
world's fair marina
world's fair pavilion





maps


   explore the fairgrounds! 


the world's fair site was divided into five areas: industrial area, international area, state & federal area, transportation area and amusement area.
use our "clickable" maps to explore the fair.  "click" any pavilion on a map to visit its pages at nywf64.com.


 here's what you can explore ...





1964 souvenir map





industrial





international





state & federal





transportation





amusement



artifacts


   discover souvenirs & legacies 


the fair is long gone ... but it lives on in the souvenirs, exhibits and structures left behind.  take a look at the fair's memorabilia.  discover were you can still find the remanents of the fair today!


here's what you can find ...



... find out about the images of america book series on the fair ... co-authored by the webhost of nywf64.com. read more...


... find the exhibits and buildings that remained behind after the fair closed.  these legacies may even be in your own backyard!read more...


... read the official preview book of the 1964/1965 new york world's fair. read more...


... explore copies of fair news and enjoy the official bulletins of the fair. read more...


... explore copies of the fair's progress reports. nine reports are available to you read more...


... read magazine articles about the fair and enjoy the periodicals of the fair. read more...


... world's fair scrapbook was a weekly feature of the n.y. sunday news.  now enjoy it here at nywf64.com. read more...


... remember when postcards were the way to share your vacation with friends & family? see our fair collection at nywf64.com. read more...


... inspect the stamps of the fair and enjoy these colorful commemorations by the nations of the world. read more...


... view a collection of souvenir matchbooks from the fair. read more...


... explore "for those who produced the new york world's fair 1964-1965" a rememberance for those who created the fair. read more...


... watch a slide show the architectural series... over 100 35mm color slides of artistic renderings of pavilions. read more...


... watch a slide show photo lab slides... nearly 200 35mm color slides of pavilions and exhibits. read more...


... watch a slide show blackhawk films/mainliner vacation slides... 200 35mm color slides of pavilions and exhbits. read more...


... watch a slide show presented by wolfe worldwide films... official 35mm color slides of the fair. read more...


... remember when view-masters let you explore the world? six packets were issued for the fair -- see them all at nywf64.com. read more...


... read "men at work"  -- the official art book of the world's fair. read more...


... study edu-cards -- the official flash cards of the fair.read more...


... marvel at the miniature moldels that were constructed to advertise the fair! read more...



flushing meadows


   a great park in a great city! 


two great world's fairs of the 20th century have left behind as their legacy a magnificent park in the geographical center of new york -- flushing meadows-corona park.
millions of people once beat a path to its doorstep.  visit flushing meadows-corona park online at nywf64.com ... read the saga of its amazing history and see what the park has to offer the fair-lover today! 


here's what you can do ...



... read "the saga of flushing meadows"  -- robert moses' pean to the great municipal park he created. read more...


... visit the park today. stroll the grounds and discover the legacies that remain from two historic world's fairs.read more...



people


   meet important people of the fair! 


robert moses will be remembered as the greatest personality of the fair.  there were others who helped to make the fair the greatest show on earth!


here's who you can meet ...



... could there have been a fair with robert moses?  -- learn more about this remarkable man and his world's fair. read more...


... greg dawson -- director of public relations for the new york world's fair 1964/1965 corporation.read more...


... albert fisher  -- director of television for the thomas deegan/new york word's fair 1964/1965 corporation.  read more...


... paul lavalle directs the cities service world's fair band of america!  read more...



stories


   read stories, contributions & series! 


enjoy stories contributed by enthusiats of nywf64.com.  here you'll also find presentations on some of the more unusual aspects of the fair -- such as how the fair was mantained and the airlines' contributions to the fair!


here's what you can read ...



... i think we have a light out! -- presented by craig bavaro. read more...


... we're going to need some really detailed models -- presented by craig bavaro. read more...


... what to do with all of these records? -- presented by craig bavaro. read more...


... the mighty fair -- a look back at the 1985 retrospective world's fair exhibition -- presented by david oats. read more...


... international participation in the new york world's fair 1964-1965 -- presented by sharyn elise. read more...


... world's fair fire & police departments -- presented by greg gottlieb & gary urbanowiczread more...


... a look at controversial allied maintenance -- the company contracted to keep the fair clean. read more...


... the schulmerich carillons of the fair -- presented by bradd schiffman. read more...


... the airlines & the fair -- how the airlines promoted the fair in advertising. read more...


... the underground world home -- presented by bill cotter. read more...


... a world's fair odyssey - an afternoon of delight -- presented by craig bavaro. read more...


... an almost fond farewell -- a look at the pavilions that almost escaped the wrecker's ball -- presented by craig bavaro. read more...


... memories of the 1964 world's fair -- presented by katherine khalife. read more...


... impressions & memories -- presented by gary rose. read more...


... to the fair or bust ... by bike or by bus -- presented by gary holmes. read more...


... my ibm at the fair -- presented by oren kugler. read more...


... shea stadium and the moses vision -- presented by eric paddon. read more...


... the world's fair history of sermons from science -- presented by eric paddon. read more...


... the story of the billy graham pavilion -- presented by eric paddon. read more...


... beyond the fair: the carousel of progress' beautiful tomorrow -- presented by eric paddon. read more...


... mr. lincoln goes to disneyland -- presented by eric paddon. read more...


... last survivor - "it's a small world" -- presented by eric paddon. read more...


... the story of the better living center -- presented by eric paddon. read more...


... new york's sacred meadow -- a look at time capsules presented by knute berger. read more...


... conception and design of the gas pavilion -- presented by the pavilion's architect, j.j. mangan. read more...


... "holiday with light" -- remembering the tower of light -- presented by gary holmes. read more...


... rob bianco's model -- the story of young rob bianco and his first model of the fair. read more...


... the 1989 new york world's fair - the story of the fair that never was -- presented by david oats. read more...


... david oats on the fairs and flushing meadows -- presented by bill young. read more...




forums


   participate in forums with other fair enthusiasts! 


join in the conversations!  meet new people.  rekindle old friendships.  share a story.  ask a question.  learn something new.  that's what forums are all about.  


here's where you can go ...



... the world's fair community -- the 1964-1965 new york world's fair discussion forum. more than 1500 members. great discussions!go to forum...


other expos


   explore the other expos of the mid-20th century 


the mid-20th century hosted a bonanza of expos.  in addition to new york, brussels, seattle, montreal, san antonio and osaka staged international expositions between 1958 and 1970.  enjoy our presentation of the souvenir maps and guidebooks from these great fairs.


here's the expos you can explore ...



... brussels world's fair 1958 brussels, belgiumread more...


... seattle world's fair 1962 seattle, washingtonread more...


... expo67 1967 montreal, canadaread more...


... hemisfair68 1968 in san antonio, texasread more...


... expo'70 1970 in osaka, japanread more...




links

about

contact

















































if you've only seen them once ... you haven't seen them at all! come back to the fair! these are just some of our featured presentations.  simply click on any of the icons below to be taken directly to that attraction. use the navigation bar at the top of every page to access all of the material that can be enjoyed here at nywf64.com.





































































 









world's fair marketplace







 









 









 









 









 









 











copyrights & privacy statement
nywf64.com is
      © copyright 2000-2022 bill young, all rights reserved.








welcome to nywf64.com where we're dedicated
    to bringing the new york world's fair experience to the web.
    join this all new site in a celebration of this great 60's space
    age exposition. who can forget this expo, headed by robert moses,
    held in the sixties in flushing meadow park in queens new york?
    do you remember your first site of unisphere? your ride on the
    disney carousel of progress? although your baby boomer memories
    of this sixties expo may be fading, let us help you re-live your
    fabulous world fair experiences with visits to pavilions by africa,
    alaska, israel, american express, amf, amphicar, arlington hat,
    austria, avis, bell system, belgium, berlin, billy graham, boy
    scouts, caribbean, central america, china, chrysler, chunky candy,
    churchill, chun king, clairol, coke (coca-cola), continental
    insurance, denmark, dupont, eastman kodak, eastern air lines,
    gas company, first national city bank, florida, ford, formica,
    france, general cigar, general electric, general foods, general
    motors, greece, greyhound, guinea, hawaii, hertz, hollywood,
    hong kong, ibm, illinois, india, indonesia, ireland, japan, jaycopter,
    johnson wax, jordan, julimar farms, korea, lebanon, les poupees
    de paris, log flume, long island railroad, lowenbrau, malaysia,
    maryland, masons, mastro pizza, medo photo, mexico, minnesota,
    missouri, montana, mormon church, morocco, national maritime
    union, national cash register, ncr, new england states, new jersey,
    new york, oklahoma, oregon, pakistan, panama, parker pen, pepsi
    cola, philippeans, polynesia, port of new york authority, rca,
    rheingold, santa maria, schaefer brewing, scott paper, sermons
    from science, seven-up, shea stadium, sierra leone, simmons,
    sinclair, singer sewing, skf industries, socony mobil, spain,
    sudan, sweden, swiss sky ride, switzerland, thailand, tiparillo,
    travelers insurance, electric industries, united arab republic,
    uar, unisphere, united states, postal service, us rubber, vatican
    city, venezuela, wax museum, westinghouse, west virginia, wisconsin.
    come to the great worlds fair





