




the inn at the end of the world
























    
	the inn at the end of the world
	
  
"[a] man . . .the other day pointed out that i was never bored. i hadn’t thought of that before, but it’s true: i’m never bored. i’m appalled, horrified, angered, but never bored. the world appears to me so infinite in its variety that many lifetimes could not exhaust its interest. so long as you can still be surprised, you have something to be thankful for."
-theodore dalrymple



friday, february 14, 2025



	 
	 novena before the solemnitiy of the chair of st peter (day 2)
	 
    


 novena before the solemnity of the chair of st. peter¶ this novena may be prayed during the nine days before the solemnity of title of the personal ordinariate of the chair of st. peter. please pray for your own special intentions and with special intention for the growth of all of the ordinariates.v. in the name of the father, ✠ and of the son, and of the holy ghost.r. amen.antiphon: that they all may be one; as thou, father, art in me, and i in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me.v. i say unto thee, thou art peter;r. and upon this rock i will build my church.¶ each day's scripture and intention is read aloud. after a brief silence, the final prayers are offered.february 14th.[jesus] said to simon, "put out into the deep and let down your nets for a catch." and simon answered, "master, we toiled all night and took nothing! but at your word i will let down the nets." and when they had done this, they enclosed a great shoal of fish; and as their nets were breaking, they beckoned to their partners in the other boat to come and help them. and they came and filled both the boats, so that they began to sink. but when simon peter saw it, he fell down at jesus' knees, saying, "depart from me, for i am a sinful man, o lord." - st. luke 5:4-8 intention: that we may obey our lord's commandments with humility.final prayer (to be offered each day)o almighty god, who by thy son jesus christ didst give to thy apostle saint peter many excellent gifts, and commandedst him earnestly to feed thy flock: make, we beseech thee, all bishops and pastors diligently to preach thy holy word, and the people obediently to follow the same; that they may receive the crown of everlasting glory; through jesus christ thy son our lord, who liveth and reigneth with thee, in the unity of the holy spirit, ever one god, world without end. amen.v. st. peter, prince of the apostles;r. pray for us.v. in the name of the father, ✠ and of the son, and of the holy ghost.r. amen.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++(didn't think i'd remember, didja?  you may be right yet:  seven days to go.novenas are a wonderful invention.  just the right length:  they give the slightly lazy a reasonable goal to aim for and the obsessive a place to stop.)



posted by john at 1:05 pm

       |
      0 comments





thursday, february 13, 2025



	 
	 novena before the solemnity of the chair of st peter
	 
    


 novena before the solemnity of the chair of st. peter¶ this novena may be prayed during the nine days before the solemnity of title of the personal ordinariate of the chair of st. peter. please pray for your own special intentions and with special intention for the growth of all of the ordinariates.v. in the name of the father, ✠ and of the son, and of the holy ghost.r. amen.antiphon: that they all may be one; as thou, father, art in me, and i in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me.v. i say unto thee, thou art peter;r. and upon this rock i will build my church.¶ each day's scripture and intention is read aloud. after a brief silence, the final prayers are offered.february 13th.and passing along by the sea of galilee, [jesus] saw simon and andrew the brother of simon casting a net in the sea; for they were fishermen. and jesus said to them, "follow me and i will make you become fishers of men." and immediately they left their nets and followed him. - st. mark 1:16-18 intention: that we may follow the call of christ without hesitation.final prayer (to be offered each day)o almighty god, who by thy son jesus christ didst give to thy apostle saint peter many excellent gifts, and commandedst him earnestly to feed thy flock: make, we beseech thee, all bishops and pastors diligently to preach thy holy word, and the people obediently to follow the same; that they may receive the crown of everlasting glory; through jesus christ thy son our lord, who liveth and reigneth with thee, in the unity of the holy spirit, ever one god, world without end. amen.v. st. peter, prince of the apostles;r. pray for us.v. in the name of the father, ✠ and of the son, and of the holy ghost.r. amen.+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++if i should happen to miss posting a day of the novena here you can always find the text at the end of either morning or evening prayer on mr covert's site here.(i know what you're thinking:  "what do you mean 'if''?"  <stares at shoes and shuffles a bit>  well, yes, posting can be a bit haphazard hereabouts.  but i shall try.  honest.)



posted by john at 1:49 pm

       |
      0 comments





sunday, january 26, 2025



	 
	 treasures from fr hunwicke's archive
	 
    


as you probably know, fr john hunwicke  --  of fr hunwicke's mutual enrichment  --  died late last  year.   and at least by me, he has been greatly missed.  there were a few posts he had in the queue to be published after his death.  but now, no more.  so it seemed to me a good idea to open his blog's archive and start reading it again from the beginning.   this has been mostly a good idea; there is so much richness there:  good humour and brilliant insights combined with a beautiful style and enough latin to "establish me in virtue", in particular the virtue of humility.  every time i find myself patting myself on the back for my prowess in latin,  i run across a few paragraphs from  fr hunwicke which remind me that i am, in my  wife's immortal phrase, only in the ha'penny place. which brings us to the following paragraph.  this is from his post of 6 august 2008 entitled liturgicam authenticam on the subject of translation.  in this case, it's only the seemingly trivial phrase ite missa est.  you can read the whole post -- it's here -- but the final paragraph touched the heart: ite missa est has always been a problem. 'go: it's the dismissal' has just seemed too, too banausic for anybody to sponsor it. i feel it could be justified; this formula has a bivalence, a unique double function and nature as being simultaneously the conclusion of the liturgical act and the resumption of the non-liturgical world; at one a part and not a part of the mass; so perhaps it could have done with having such a unique and striking literary form. i am cautious about developing the dismissal element in the mass. among anglicans such development has led to unfortunate turgidities like 'send us out into the world in the power of thy spirit to live and work to thy praise and glory'. i do hope that my rc friends will not allow themselves to be led down this path. the eucharist is not a jolly useful springboard for the real christian business of going out and changing the world and doing social service and voting green. the eucharist is the telos, the end and purpose of human life and existence, the son's everlasting propitiation before his father in a wonderful mysterion granted to be among us. seeing the mass as having a utilitarian purpose, however high and noble, is the beginning of godlessness. 



posted by john at 4:56 pm

       |
      0 comments





monday, january 20, 2025



	 
	 trump declares world war iii - america's decline is over!
	 
    


two british catholics assay some views on the new trump administration.  btw, if after that headline your blood pressure needs some attention, the third world war reference refers to culture war.  it's about 30 minutes but well-worth a listen.



posted by john at 5:55 pm

       |
      0 comments





tuesday, january 07, 2025



	 
	 merry christmas --- and  25 december is the right day . . .
	 
    


. . . and it looks like the roman empire's census records agree.the fssp's current newsletter "memento" has a fascinating article on just that subject. the citation is going to be a little  wordier than usual.start here at the fssp website's memento link.  then click on the image of the memento at the top of the page.  [if you're coming at this  after a couple of months, it will be further down the  page among the back issues.  hover the cursor over the images and it's the one that says "christmas (jan 2025")]  page forward and it's the article entitled "the holy family in the roman census".it's well-worth the search.  could the roman census have contained st joseph's entry in his own handwriting?



posted by john at 6:05 pm

       |
      0 comments





monday, january 06, 2025



	 
	 12th night -- the epiphany of the lord
	 
    


 today is the feast of the epiphany of the lord, epiphania domini, 12th night, three kings day, little christmas, women's christmas, wedding feast at cana day, and possibly even the feast of the baptism of our lord in the jordan.  although that last  one does have it's very own feast day on the 13th of the month in the traditional calendar and some other day, which i've forgotten,  in the bright, shiny, new, up-to-date, aggiornamentoed bugnini calendar.  and i can't swear that i haven't forgotten a name or two.the inn has posted the blessed cardinal schuster's discussion of the epiphany more than once.  another citation for 2025 will do no harm.  it's well-worth a review.  you can find it, among other places, here.



posted by john at 5:19 pm

       |
      0 comments





friday, january 03, 2025



	 
	 small, but welcome, rays of sunshine . . . .
	 
    


. . . .when you open the large envelope from the insurance company and at the top in large, friendly letters it says "this is not a bill". 



posted by john at 1:30 pm

       |
      0 comments





tuesday, december 31, 2024



	 
	 new year's eve in the ireland of long ago
	 
    


 a post from the inn's archives.  this one from over 20 years ago, quoting kevin danaher’s delightful “the year in ireland: irish calendar customs”.  as the title  says, danaher covers irish customs throughout the year.  these few paragraphs cover new year traditions.“new year’s eve and day 31 december – 1 january never seem to have been major festivals in ireland. the first of january was not counted as new year’s day until so designated by law in the new calendar of 1751, little over two centuries ago. up to that time the legal year began in ireland, as in england, on 25 march, while the country people still reckoned their working year as beginning on the first day of spring, 1 february.“in scotland, however, where roman custom had long prevailed, 1 january traditionally began the year and thus was of much importance in popular celebration; a scottish origin for some of the custom associated with the day in ireland might thus be sought.“divination of the future was common on new year’s eve, especially, the forecasting of weather conditions for the whole of the coming year. wind, sun, rain, snow, floods and all local weather signs were read and interpreted. such omens often indicated much more than mere weather. in west county kerry for instance, the direction of the wind indicated the trend of politics in the coming year; if it blew from the west the irish cause would flourish, while an east wind foretold that the english interest would prevail.“indeed, almost anything which happened on new year’s eve and day might be ominous of the future, and the nearer to the midnight hour when the year actually began, the more significant. a very popular belief held that the first person or creature to enter the house after midnight should be black or black-haired and also male to be lucky. to ensure their luck, many households sent out a suitably endowed member or friend before midnight to perform this office of lucky ‘first footing’ immediately after midnight. others trusted to chance for their lucky first footing and were happy when their first visitor was a black cat or a dark haired boy. and since the latter was sure to be given a little present, small boys took advantage of the custom to get sweets or money at the neighbours’ houses.“on new year’s eve, girls put holly and ivy leaves, or a sprig of mistletoe under their pillows to bring dreams of their future husbands. one of the charms said was:“‘oh, ivy green and holly redtell me, whom i shall wed’“new year’s eve was known as oiche na coda móire (the night of the big portion) because of the belief that eating a very large supper on that night ensured food in plenty for the coming year. a further ceremony to banish hunger and ensure plenty was fairly widespread. crofton croker (researches in the south of ireland, 233) describes it thus, while casting doubt on its efficacy:“‘on the last night of the year, a cake is thrown against the outside door of each house by the head of the family, which ceremony is said to keep out hunger during the ensuing one; and the many thousand practical illustrations of the fallacy of this artifice have not yet succeeded in producing conviction of the same.’“nicholas o’kearney, some twenty years later, sees evidence of heathenish practice in it (trans. kilkenny archaeological society: 1849-51, 146-7):“‘there is one custom which i found practiced by a family moving in a very respectable sphere, and which i am informed was not long ago, probably still is, practiced in the county of kilkenny, and to which i wish to call your attention, because it appears to me to savour of paganism of the rankest kind. on the eve of the twelfth day a large loaf called the “christmas loaf” which is usually baked some days previously, is laid with great solemnity on the table; the doors and windows are closed and strongly bolted; and the one of the family generally the housewife, then takes the loaf, and pounding it against the closed doors, etc. repeats three times, in irish the following rann:“fógramuid an ghorta,amach go tír na d-turcach;o nocht go bliadhain ó nocht,agus ó nocht féin amach.“(we warn famine to retireto the country of the turks;from this night to this night twelvemonth,and even this very night.)“in county kildare, ‘omurethi’ is content to record the custom without comment (kildare archaeological journal, v, 440-1):“‘it was customary on the new year’s eve to bake a large barmbrack, which the man of the house, after taking three bites out of it dashed against the principal door of his dwelling, in the name of the trinity at the same expressing the hope that starvation might be banished from ireland and go to the king of the turks. the fragments of the cake were then gathered up and eaten by all the members of the household.’“in west county limerick the ceremony was similar; the cake was rapped upon the door with the words:“an donas amacha’s an sonas isteacho’ anocht go dtí bliain ó anochtin ainm an athar a’s an mhic, a’s an spirid naoimh, amen.“(happiness in and misfortune outfrom this nightuntil a year from to-night.in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy spirit. amen.)“many farmers repeated the ceremony at the door of the byre, to ensure plentiful fodder for the cows.“in some households the cake was tossed out through the doorway, to be caught by a person stationed outside. the invocation of the trinity was usual in this as in so many other customs, which, incidentally leads to speculation as to the degree of deafness of the smeller-out of heathenism quoted above.“people tried to ensure that no food was taken away from the house on new year’s eve, and even shameless beggars hesitated to ask for ‘loan’ of foodstuffs, and not entirely because of the fear of the householder’s resentment.“from rathlin island, county antrim comes word of a traditional ceremony which appears to be purely scottish. a party of young men went about from house to house collecting oatmeal and money to help poor widows and other needy persons in the community. the leader wore a sheepskin tied about his neck and hanging down behind. on coming into the house he took a glowing turf sod from the fire and laid in the middle of the floor, and he and his men marched around this, reciting an irish verse while the second man in the line held up the end of the sheepskin and beat upon it with a stick. one man carried a bag to hold the gifts of meal, on receipt of which the leader cut a lock of wool from his sheepskin and having singed it over the red coal presented it to each member of the household to smell. the party then left for the next house, announcing their progress by blowing on horns. another northern custom was the carrying about from door to door by children of a bundle of straw from which they presented wisps to the householders who were supposed to reciprocate with little gifts of money.“the welcoming of the new year at midnight on 31 december by the ringing of church bells, band parades, fireworks, bonfires and general well-wishing has, over the past century or so, spread in ireland form the larger to the smaller towns and villages, where it is usually now observed in this fashion.“when passing a graveyard on new year’s eve or day a prayer should be said for all those who died during the year.”this is a wonderful book.  not sure if it's still in print but if you can find a copy it will repay your investment many times over in pure delight. addendum:  well, a little internet digging reveals that it is still in print.  sort of.  the american co-publisher, irish books and media, seems to have gone the way of all flesh.  but the irish publisher, mercier press of cork, is very much still a going concern and the year in ireland can still be ordered from them.  here, in fact.  but in the interest of avoiding a terminological inexactitude, it's worth mentioning that saying it's "in print"  is perhaps not quite the proper description:  it has print-on-demand status.  so if you order a copy, it will be in print.  if you don't, well . . . .



posted by john at 6:53 pm

       |
      0 comments





saturday, december 28, 2024



	 
	 the ash grove - melodeon
	 
    


a favourite tune on a lovely old hohner melodeon, button clicks and all.



posted by john at 6:15 pm

       |
      0 comments





friday, december 27, 2024



	 
	 yule vacance -- a.k.a., christmas holiday
	 
    


 the following is  swiped from robb quint's always informative daily email, mostly about scottish country dance happenings in southern california, but also with a fair bit of history, stories, folklore, and what-have-you about scotland in general.  this is from the christmas mail:christmas in dundee...and elsewhere in scotland...is about the same as anywhere else in the west, somefolks celebrating it religiously, others as a secular andseasonal holiday only, and some not at all, but a bankholiday for all. it was not always like that.  scotland'siteration of the protestant reformation made religion aserious business and not to be mixed with any celebratoryfrivolity.  the following is part of the 1640 "estates"(parliament) yule vacance (holiday) act.  it is in middlescots but still easy enough to read and understand: the kirke within this kingdome is now purged of all superstitiousobservatione of dayes...thairfor the saidis estatis have dischairged andsimply dischairges the foirsaid yule vacance and all observation thairof intymecomeing, and rescindis and annullis all acts, statutis and warrandis andordinances whatsoevir granted at any tyme heirtofoir for keiping of the saidyule vacance, with all custome of observatione thairof, and findis and declairesthe samene to be extinct, voyd and of no force nor effect in tymecomeing. this act was rescinded for scotland by the parliamentof great britain in 1712, five years after the union ofengland and scotland as a single nation, but it still tookuntil just about 1½ centuries ago for christmas day tobe reïnstated in scotland as a "bank holiday" in 1871.(ideally, i'd cite you to his webpage, but this came from an email list and i don't have a webpage address to cite you to. )and it wasn't only the scots.  some of our colonial forefathers weren't all that pleased with christmas joy either.witness:



posted by john at 4:20 pm

       |
      0 comments








	 
	 political euphoria
	 
    


 having been subjected yet again to far more political television than i would prefer(1), this tweet that i saved from a few years ago keeps coming to mind.   i hope mr warren (2) is wrong even though i see no indication that he is.i have noticed, everything that gets the crowds out in political euphoria, ends badly. (not almost everything. everything.) - david warren(1)  i would, of course, prefer none. so it doesn't take much for the nameless dread to set in.(2) if memory serves, and it sometimes does, the poster of this thought was not mr warren but someone quoting him.  so i hope the op and i are quoting him accurately.



posted by john at 3:05 pm

       |
      0 comments





wednesday, december 25, 2024



	 
	 culture
	 
    


a most important point made by christopher dawson  quoted in the  volume 5, number 4 edition of anglican embers:"culture, as its name denotes, is an artificial product. it is like a city that has been built up laboriously by the work of successive generations, not a jungle which has grown up spontaneously by the blind pressure of natural forces. it is the essence of culture that it is communicated and acquired, and although it is inherited by one generation from another, it is a social not a biological inheritance, a tradition of learning, an accumulated capital of knowledge and a community of ‘folkways’ into which the individual has to be initiated. hence it is clear that culture is inseparable from education.”  christopher dawson anglican embers  - shared treasures is the journal of the anglicanorum coetibus society.  you can find their web page here. 



posted by john at 8:08 pm

       |
      0 comments








	 
	 for mattins in christmas day
	 
    


 christmas invitatory.behold a virgin shall conceive and bear a son: * and shall call his name immanuel.unto us a child is born: * unto us a son is given.in this was manifested the love of god towards us: * because that god sent his only begotten son into the world that we might live through him.blessed be the god and father of our lord jesus christ: * who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in christ.glory be to the father, and to the son, * and to the holy ghost.as it was in the beginning, is now and ever shall be, * world without end. amen.



posted by john at 2:46 pm

       |
      0 comments








	 
	 old saint knick
	 
    


 as in "knickerbocker".a wonderful piece from chronicles on washington irving and christmas.  you can find it here.it starts out:according to walter russell mead’s recent analysis “one way to read trump’s second victory in three elections is that the movement for a post-american america with a successor ideology and post-judeo christian cultural and ethical foundation aimed at fundamentally changing american society has reached it sell-by date.”do not hold your breath.the demise of “woke” has been greatly exaggerated. the unfortunate truth is that the “woke”  era under which the great mass of americans has been harassed since the reelection of barack obama is merely the latest spasm of the puritanism that has periodically plagued the body politic since the english civil war. the particular issues change, but the insufferable moralization and coercive war on preexisting cultural traditions and symbols are always recognizable.fortunately, wokeness does appear to be receding at the moment, the antidote having been provided by a new yorker who “looked at things poetically rather than politically” and “revered the past and the stability that a sense of the past provides.” no, i am not referring to donald trump, but another knickerbocker—washington irving.born in 1783, the year of victory over the british, irving’s life would span the entire antebellum period of american history. fittingly named after the father of his country, irving would go on to establish himself as the father of american literature. he believed that america’s puritanical impulses stunted healthy cultural development, a belief developed in rebellion against a puritanical upbringing under irving’s strict presbyterian father.“i have no relish for puritans either in religion or politics, who are pushing for principles to an extreme, and overturning everything that stands in the way of their own zealous career,” wrote irving. instead, irving had faith in tradition where “population, manners, and customs remained fixed.” and nowhere is irving’s impact on american traditions greater than in how we celebrate christmas.click here for the rest. 



posted by john at 2:26 pm

       |
      0 comments





sunday, december 01, 2024



	 
	 1 december -- 1st sunday of advent
	 
    


the liturgical journey to bethlehem begins.   i suggest a look at fr z's explication of the old vespers hymn, cónditor alme siderum which you can find here.  and note that father has the eminent good taste to provide john mason neale's translation, creator of the stars of night.so long as you've clicked your way over to the wdtprs site, you could do a lot worse than spend a couple of minutes with father's "adventcazt".a few years ago some of the blessed cardinal schuster's thoughts on advent were posted on the inn here.   my copy of cardinal schuster's liber sacramentorum (or should that be "copies"?  it comes in five volumes.) is one of my treasures.  it was a gift to me from my friend carlo a few years before he died.  it's the original english edition, i believe.  if it's of interest to you,  one of the catholic publishers has reprinted it.  i forget which but it shouldn't be too hard to find, search engines being what they are.[addendum:   i looked it up for you.  it's the arouca press.  if you go to this page you can order the set.  i noticed that this reprint has a foreword by gregory dipippo, which if his other work at the new liturgical movement site is anything to go by, should be well-worth the price of admission.] 



posted by john at 2:32 pm

       |
      0 comments





wednesday, november 06, 2024



	 
	 november 6 -- st illtyd
	 
    


 sometimes spelled "illtud", he was the great welsh monastic founder.  not much has come down to us about his life.   the good old catholic encyclopedia has the basics of what is known here.this site, apparently maintained by the church of wales, has something more about his foundations based on recent research.and today is his feast day in the ordinariate of our lady of walsingham.  his collect:through the example and intercession of saint illtud, o lord: grant us the grace to seek thee in wisdom, and bring us to find thee in prayer; through jesus christ thy son our lord, who liveth and reigneth with thee, in the unity of the holy ghost, ever one god, world without end. amen.



posted by john at 9:34 pm

       |
      0 comments








	 
	 te deum laudamus
	 
    


 the church's traditional chant of thanks giving.(what do you mean "for  what?"  on this 6th day of november in the year of our lord 2024, i suspect you know very well "for what".)



posted by john at 9:23 pm

       |
      0 comments





tuesday, november 05, 2024



	 
	 o.k., maybe not "prohibited by law".  the blog-owner presumeth authority but he hath it not.  still, it would be nice.  even if not "by law".
	 
    


 



posted by john at 1:56 pm

       |
      0 comments








	 
	 i can't think of any either . . . .
	 
    


 



posted by john at 1:50 pm

       |
      0 comments





sunday, october 27, 2024



	 
	 exercizing the franchise
	 
    


 and so i did.  indeed, we did, herself and i last thursday.  somewhat of a pointless exercize, this being california and all.  the democrats have the state in their back pocket.  they don't even need to indulge in that, um, electoral slight of hand that they do elsewhere.  although, rumor has it that they do anyway.  can't imagine why.  force of habit?  just to keep their hand in?  so far as i can tell, it's wholly unnecessary.   



posted by john at 3:45 pm

       |
      0 comments








	 
	 hood ornament
	 
    


 tuxedo-clad neighbor having a nap: a cool morning and a warm car hood.  as seen through a kitchen window perhaps in need of a soft cloth and some windex.



posted by john at 3:27 pm

       |
      0 comments





sunday, october 20, 2024



	 
	 plus-ça-change department
	 
    


 journalists ought not to be distrusted because they are worse than other people.  they are not.  they ought to be distrusted because they are more powerful than other people; because they have, like the priests of old, the keys of knowledge, and can if they will shut others out and go not in themselves.  a conspiracy of journalists could easily hurl the whole of this nation  upon political ruin.    -g. k. chesterton in "the world" september 20, 1904.



posted by john at 5:10 pm

       |
      0 comments





thursday, october 17, 2024



	 
	 a hymn for election day
	 
    


 o god of earth and altar,bow down and hear our cry,our earthly rulers falter,our people drift and die;the walls of gold entomb us,the swords of scorn divide,take not thy thunder from us,but take away our pride. from all that terror teaches,from lies of tongue and pen,from all the easy speechesthat comfort cruel men,from sale and profanationof honour and the sword,from sleep and from damnation,deliver us, good lord. tie in a living tetherthe prince and priest and thrall,bind all our lives together,smite us and save us all;in ire and exultationaflame with faith, and free,lift up a living nation,a single sword to thee.(the music and text are in the old 1940 hymnal at #521 . . . but since the text is one of g.k.'s poems, i actually copied  and pasted the above from the chesterton society's very useful webpage here.) 



posted by john at 3:42 pm

       |
      0 comments





friday, october 11, 2024



	 
	 a suggestion to add to daily prayer
	 
    


 -from the fall 2024 number of latin mass magazine, page 6as is often the case, you can click the above image to make it larger.  possibly too large.  but certainly more legible.



posted by john at 7:33 pm

       |
      0 comments





tuesday, october 08, 2024



	 
	 well that's interesting . . . .
	 
    


 q. 338   can a general council depose the pope?strictly speaking, such a council could depose a pope only in the case the pope became a heretic, not however if he became immoral.  where there are several pretenders, as happened during the western schism, the council passes on the claims of each, declares a certain one to be the rightful pope, according to the proofs, and if this man approves the decrees he becomes the lawful  pontiff.  even then he may abdicate.-from "setting it right" , (1927), by the rev. dr. charles f. mcginnis, ph.d., s.t.l., formerly professor of philosophy in st. thomas college and professor of apologetics in college of st. catherine, st. paul, minn., author of "the communion of saints", etc., etc.



posted by john at 2:28 pm

       |
      0 comments





monday, september 09, 2024



	 
	 babylon bee nails it once again
	 
    


 well, tbh, as they say, i wouldn't definitely vote on that basis.but i would be sorely tempted.



posted by john at 1:52 pm

       |
      0 comments





tuesday, september 03, 2024



	 
	 "miracles of stupidity"
	 
    


the latest number of "touchstone" actually arrived a couple of weeks or so ago.  but i only got into it the other day in my comfy chair while feeling sorry for myself and my cold or flu or whatever it was.  and still is, if it comes to that. at least a bit with the remains of the cough and the absence of energy still hanging on.where was i?oh, yes.  touchstone.   wonderful magazine.  you really should subscribe if you don't already.   this issue, the september/october 2024 number,  starts out with a bang, as it so often does, with a couple of paragraphs from s.m. hutchens in the quodlibet section.  herewith:“radical inclusiveness,” like “reaching room temperature,” is a euphemism for death, and those who practice it doom themselves. an institution or organism is radically and actively exclusive, living by a rigid and infinitely complex rule of what it keeps in and out of itself to maintain integrity and health. it is a miracle of stupidity that leaders in the churches, who, above all people, should know better, seize upon and radicalize the concept of inclusiveness and make it a virtue in the reputed service of the lord, who declared himself to be an instrument of radical division, the bringer of a sword, the separator of the saved and the damned. but such churchmen at least do the faithful the service of identifying themselves by their maxims as fools who are not to be followed.“miracles of stupidity” into which people educate themselves are well worth identifying and enumerating—as, for example, “diversity-as-virtue,” a euphemism for the exclusion of the other in the chaos of mass self-affirmation.wonderful way to start an issue.  and not one, but four pieces by anthony esolen should one continue to read further.  tolle, lege, indeed. 



posted by john at 2:44 pm

       |
      0 comments





saturday, august 17, 2024



	 
	 a prayer for the government
	 
    


i know:  i've posted this before.   but i had the misfortune to be stuck listening to political television for what seemed like an hour but was probably, oh, 15 minutes or so.  hence this collect.  i think i acknowledged on the first posting that, considering who the individuals mentioned in this collect actually are, it's asking rather a lot of the dear lord. but he is omnipotent; he can do it.  but do we deserve it?  oh, dear.  i probably don't.  but you might.  so: o lord our governor, whose glory is in all the world: we commend this nation to thy merciful care, that, being guided by thy providence, we may dwell secure in thy peace. grant to the president of these united states, the governor of this state, and to all in authority, wisdom and strength to know and to do thy will. fill them with the love of truth and righteousness, and make them ever mindful of their calling to serve this people in thy fear; through jesus christ our lord, who liveth and reigneth with thee and the holy ghost, ever one god, world without end. amen.



posted by john at 2:06 pm

       |
      0 comments





friday, july 26, 2024



	 
	 cardinal burke's novena
	 
    


it occurred to me this morning that i never posted a reference to cardinal burke's nine month novena to our lady of guadalupe here on the inn.  i meant to. . . but, alas, here we are four months late and still no link to the novena.  remedied herewith:  cardinal burke's novena to our lady of guadalupe.  the page linked above assumes that you are beginning now and now is the middle of march, which, of course, it isn't.  it's the middle of july.   you can begin in march if you like.  but that's a lot of catching up to do.  i suggest paging ahead to today, which would make it a novena of five months instead of nine.  don't miss his past reflections, though.  there are only two or three per month;  much easier to catch up.(i wonder what a five month novena ought to be called?  probably a quint- something.)



posted by john at 2:25 pm

       |
      0 comments





thursday, july 25, 2024



	 
	 another carmel at the end of the line
	 
    


fr zuhlsdorf's excellent blog this morning cites us to a national catholic register article about yet another carmel reaching the end of its life.  the 412 year old carmel of lucerna in spain is down to three nuns and must close.  says the article:the community of discalced carmelites of san josé monastery in lucena in spain’s córdoba province, to whom pope francis sent several messages because of his friendship with a former prioress, is being forced to leave after the order’s presence of more than 400 years in the city due to lack of vocations.mother mary magdalene of st. john of the cross, prioress of the small community, explained in a statement that “with great pain and great sadness, because there are only three nuns left, the scarcity of vocations and being requested by another carmel in need, we saw that it is god’s will that our mission here had concluded,” reported the iglesia en córdoba (the church in córdoba), a weekly newspaper of the spanish diocese.fr z's commentary is apt.  it's unfortunate that he has to say it at all;  it should be obvious.  but considering the state of the church . . . apparently not. 



posted by john at 1:51 pm

       |
      0 comments





wednesday, july 24, 2024



	 
	 sad news from lisieux
	 
    


this story entitled "little flower’s carmelite community faces ‘profound changes’" appeared as a recent post in the (relatively) new catholic news page the pillar.i suspect you don't need me to tell you at least a couple of the causes:  cor orans and no new vocations for a very long time.perhaps i'm wrong?  it's been known to happen a time or two.  but the article is here; you can draw your own conclusions.labels: ordo carmelitarum - ocd & o.carm



posted by john at 3:54 pm

       |
      0 comments








	 
	 the carmelite martyrs of guadalajara
	 
    


 this guadalajara is not in mexico, but in spain.  these carmelite nuns were murdered during the spanish civil war of the late 1930s.  their feast day is today, 24 july.mrs vidal relates their story here. labels: ordo carmelitarum - ocd & o.carm



posted by john at 3:41 pm

       |
      0 comments








	 
	 dear assorted charities,  mostly religious,  a few not:
	 
    


 you can stop sending me those cheap, skinny little bags with the charity logos and egregiously sentimental pictures on them.  i now have far more than any human being is ever likely to need or want.  in fact, the current supply and any more that arrive, will go to the st vincent de paul society or the good will or whoever next says they're going to be coming around collecting. (well, somebody might have a use for them.  can't imagine who.  but you never know.)just for the record, if  i were going to donate to you, i would regardless of the presence of the little "tote bag" as you rather misleadingly call it, as actual tote bags are considerably larger.  and if i were not going to donate to you the "tote bag" isn't going to change my mind.instead, why not just tell me in the cover letter that your outfit is dropping the novus ordo and is going over to the traditional roman rite mass.  in latin.  i could scare up a few ducats for that.



posted by john at 3:15 pm

       |
      0 comments





sunday, july 21, 2024



	 
	 found while looking for something else
	 
    


 the scottish fiddle orchestra playing in a railroad station a couple of years ago.  not quite as large a complement of musicians as i'm used to seeing but still a delightful sound and some great tunes.



posted by john at 5:16 pm

       |
      0 comments





saturday, july 13, 2024



	 
	 friday the 13th . . .
	 
    


 . . .comes on a saturday this month so be careful not to break any ladders or walk under any black cats.and above all, don't be superstitious.  it's bad luck to be superstitious.



posted by john at 8:51 pm

       |
      0 comments





thursday, july 11, 2024



	 
	 it's the bb,  so meant as satire, but . . . .
	 
    


. . . .surprisingly true.  mostly.this one here. 



posted by john at 1:52 pm

       |
      0 comments





thursday, july 04, 2024



	 
	 our annual patriotic bacchanalia dawns
	 
    


well, here we are again:  the glorious 4th is upon us.  the legal fireworks won't begin until dusk as all they have going for them are the lights.  you need darkness to fully appreciate the twirling lights.   but the illegal ones.  ah, yes.  they've been going on and off all afternoon.  one is apparently not sufficiently patriotic in the absence of explosive devices   pyromania is all right in its place but unless you can detonate extremely loud explosions sufficient to terrify the neighbourhood pets, bring back ptsd in some of  the local veterans, and rattle the pictures on my wall you're just not trying.this year some of the local freedom-loving brethren have added a sound system in their front lawn with a soul-deadening, multi-decibel, thumping bass.can h.m. king george iii actually have been all that bad?[addendum:  apparently these folks could use some lessons from our neighborhood.]



posted by john at 5:00 pm

       |
      0 comments





tuesday, june 25, 2024



	 
	 hard sayings from this morning's mattins
	 
    


this bit from the 78th psalm struck me particularly: i will declare hard sentences of old which we have heard and known,  and such as our fathers have told us:  that we should not hide them from the children of the generations to come,  but to show the honour of the lord, his mighty and wonderful works that he hath done.the rsv calls them "dark sayings".   i don't know if that's an improvement or not.  it does take the text in a different direction than the older version.   in any event, it's interesting the way a text one has read a hundred times, on the hundred and first reading carries one away on a completely unexpected meditation.



posted by john at 7:07 pm

       |
      0 comments











salva nos, domine!  perimus!



o mary, god's own mother,
pray for our native land;
and ye, o saints and angels,
around the throne who stand;
pray for our darkened country, 
that faith may live again,
that jesus in his sacrament
at last supreme may reign!
epiphanytide
   
   
   "the gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising."
    -isaiah lx. 3

saints of february

devotion to the holy face of our lord jesus christ
 beyond the veil: the holy face devotion in the light of sacred scripture
the golden arrow
the holy man of tours the link is for an e-book. apparently tan no longer keeps a hard copy in print.  however, abebooks.com has several from assorted publishers, most of which are unknown to me.
the secret of the holy face: the devotion destined to save societythe link includes an almost hour long interview with the author, fr lawrence carney.

september 24feast of our lady of walsingham


patroness of the ordinariate of the chair of st peter

o god, who, through the mystery of the word made flesh, didst in thy mercy sanctify the house of the blessed virgin mary:  do thou grant that we may keep aloof from the tabernacle of sinners, and become worthy indwellers of thy house; through jesus christ thy son our lord, who liveth and reigneth with thee, in the unity of the holy ghost, ever one god, world without end. amen.
 

++++++++++++++++++++++++++
health advisory
in the event of an inadvertent overdose of vatican news, click here and follow directions.

[“on the barque of peter, those with queasy stomachs should keep clear of the engine room.” -msgr ronald knox]


++++++++++++++++++++++++++

st thomas becket, archbishop & martyr

ant. this saint hath striven for the law of god even unto death,
and hath not feared for the swords of the ungodly; for he hath been
founded upon a firm rock.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  




the men of the east may spell the stars,
and times and triumphs mark, 
but the men signed of the cross of christ
go gaily in the dark.
the men of the east may search the scrolls,
for sure fates and fame,
but the men that drink the blood of god
go singing to their shame.
+   +   +   +   +   +   +
but you and all the kind of christ
are ignorant and brave,
and you shall have wars you hardly win
and souls you hardly save.
i tell you naught for your comfort
yea, naught for your desire,
save that the sky grows darker yet
and the sea rises higher.
night shall be thrice night over you,
and heaven an iron cope.
do you have joy without a cause,
yea, faith without a hope?
from the ballad of the white horse
-g. k. chesterton








the anglican ordinariates in the catholic church



 the anglican ordinariate in the catholic church has now been established in north america for over ten years.  for several years prior this space on the left-hand column of the inn has been dedicated to the pastoral provision, or "anglican use",  parishes and supporting websites. these parishes and societies were in union with rome and were under the jurisdiction of their local roman rite bishops. but as of 1 january 2012 pope benedict xvi has provided that catholic parishes and communities in the anglican tradition will have their own ordinary and their own diocesan-like structure to gather round. (the pastoral provision structure still exists as of this writing - 8/12/2022 - but includes only one parish so far as i can tell.)  the ordinariate of the chair of st peter - the official title of the north american ordinariate - also includes parishes in canada. there is also an anglican ordinariate in england and scotland - the ordinariate of our lady of walsingham - and one for australia, new zealand and perhaps elsewhere called the ordinariate of our lady of the southern cross. the following are a selection of links to further explore the catholic anglican patrimony.  and, yes, i realize i am very naughty for continually referring to it/them as "anglican" ordinariate(s).  apparently the powers that be prefer some other term that i cannot bring to mind at the moment.  but hereabouts we have called it anglican ordinariate since day one or even before that.   and as those of you who frequent these premises already know, i don't change easily.  
    
    the following are a selection of links to further explore the catholic anglican patrimony.
anglicanorum cœtibus the papal document establishing the anglican ordinariates (in english)
complementary norms - more details from the vatican on the new anglican ordinariates
the personal ordinariate of the chair of st peter (for the u.s.)
decree of erection of the ordinariate of the chair of st peter
the personal ordinariate of our lady of walsingham (for the u.k.)
the ordinariate in scotland
ordnariate of our lady of the southern cross
peregrinations - a canadian view of the north american ordinariate
the portal magazine
anglicanorum coetibus society (was:"the anglican use society"
the daily office - a bit out-of-date  but still useful
 the daily office - approved for use in north america
the anglican use pastoral provision
all saints sisters of the poor - anglican heritage but possibly still diocesan?
the tunbridge wells ordinariate blog
fr hunwicke's mutual enrichment
st john henry newman catholic church, the ordinariate community in orange county, california
holy martyrs of england & wales, murrieta calif
our lady of grace, covina calif
st augustine of canterbury, san marcos calif
st athanasius anglican use community in boston, mass
the congregation of st athanasius
our lady of the atonement catholic church
our lady of walsingham catholic church - ocsp cathedral
st. mary the virgin catholic church
the collect for the anglican use

  o holy ghost the lord, who on pentecost gavest the church the gift of tongues that christ might be known, loved, and served by peoples of divers nations and customs: watch over the anglo-catholic heritage within thy church, we pray thee, that, led by thy guidance and strengthened by thy grace, that heritage may find such favour in thy sight that its people may increase both in holiness and number, and so show forth thy glory; who livest and reignest with the father and the son, ever one god world without end. amen.


 
the best tea in the world?  haven't tried them all.  but, so far, yes.



carmel


hermits of our lady of mt carmel
carmelites of the holy face - a tiny new traditional carmel, tucked away in county cork
traditional carmelites in the diocese of oakland
the carmel on mt carmel
fountain of elias
the rule of st albert
the infant jesus of prague
holy mother teresa of jesus
st john of the cross
st therese of the child jesus [of lisieux]
st titus brandsma, o.carm.
blessed elizabeth of the trinity
st. teresa-margaret (redi) of the sacred heart
st. teresia-benedicta a cruce
st peter thomas
carmel of jesus, mary, & joseph (nebraska)
the carmelite order - history
the carmelite martyrs of compiegne
the discalced carmelite province of st joseph (california-arizona province)
carmel of jesus, mary, & joseph [fairfield]
ven carmelite 3d order of campos, brazil
site des archives du carmel de lisieux

a gallimaufrey of weblogs. . .
 . . .which i find enjoyable.  it would be very
  rash of you to infer that i agree with everything
  in each of them.  even rasher to assume that they
  all agree with me.  and, yes, some of these folks haven't posted
    in a long time . . . years, in fact. call it nostalgia if you like
    but i intend to keep the links up. maybe they'll post again some
    day; i miss them.
1peter5
aliens in this world
andrew cusack
atonement on line
cælum et terra primum
cælum et terra secundum
chesterton & friends
(a)conservative blog for peace
crazy stable
creative minority report
dignare me laudare te, virgo sacrata
dyspeptic mutterings
fountain of elias
fr ray blake's blog
fr z's blog,also still occasionally known as wdtprs
hallowed ground, bowed out of blogging some years ago but note the links to illustration sources
(the) hermeneutic of continuity
in haught pursuit
irenikon the skete
irish elk [arichive only these days; vide "the jury box" infra for further adventures]
jerry pournelle, r.i.p.--- but his relatives occasionally repost some of his wisdom
jihad watch
(the) jury box, alas moribund since 2015, but we live in hope
man with black hat
mccain's corner
medieval church art
national trust scones, wherein the blog owner reviews the scones served at the tea room of every national trust property. now admittedly one has to be in the u.k. and not here in partibus infidelium to take full advantage of this information.  but a very good read anyway.  and who knows?  maybe one day . . . .
new amsterdam perennialist
[the] new liturgical movement
oblique house
once i was a clever boy
orwell's picnic
oxford events (weblog of the lms chairman)
psallite sapienter
random jottings of a book and opera lover
recta ratio
rorate cæli
tea at trianon
[the] thousandth time
transalpine redemptorists
video meliora, proboque; deteriora sequor
vultus christi
what does the prayer really say?
what's wrong with the world?"

liturgical regeneration

one might infer from this selection of links that i believe
"liturgical regeneration" is going to come principally, if not
exclusively, from a restoration of the traditional roman rite.
such an inference would be largely correct.  however, see also
the anglican ordinariate links above.
the traditional roman rite

sancta missa learn to say/serve/attend the traditional roman mass
"altar cards" - and more for the traditional roman rite mass.
international federation una voce 
una voce - u.s.a.
una voce of orange county
the latin mass society of england & wales
lms chairman - weblog of the lms chairman
the latin mass society of ireland
latin mass chaplaincy in the archdiocese of dublin
una voce scotland
una voce delle venezia -- masses and spiritual activity in the north east of italy
institut du bon pasteur
the priestly fraternity of st. peter
the institute of christ the king
the institute of st. philip neri
benedictines of the immaculate
monastery of our lady of the annunciation ["clear creek"]
abbaye sainte-madeleine du barroux
canons regular of the new jerusalem
coalition in support of ecclesia dei
the canons regular of the mother of god
transapline redemptorists
fraternity of st vincent ferrer (a community of men upholding the dominican tradition)
the only daily mass in the traditional roman rite in orange county [well, not quite daily right now as they try to get a new priest.]
society of st pius x
gregorian chant - every imaginable chant resource is linked here
reform of the reform
  i don't hold much hope for this movement; the internal contradictions seem insurmountable.  i wish them well and no one will be happier than i if they succeed; but no one will be more surprised either.
  give them a look anyway; they have many interesting things to say.
adoremus society
latin liturgy association
association for latin liturgy [uk]

sailing to byzantium


  well, no, not every entry here is “byzantine”.  but it is all “eastern” and i rather like yeat’s poem, so herewith:
introduction to the eastern rites of the catholic church -- a very useful summary
irenikon the skete - not pdated in many years; where are you mary?
holy resurrection monastery, one of the few  eastern catholic monasteries in the u.s.
st benedict and byzantium in one monastery
st basil the great byzantine catholic church – a beautiful little parish in los gatos, ca
the byzantine catholic eparchy of phoenix
the byzantine catholic church in america – an unofficial website with much information about the pittsburgh metropolia
annuciation byantine catholic parish in anaheim, ca
the melkite church in america
ukrainian catholic eparchy of st nicholas in chicago
byzantine catholic daily prayer and lectionary – a rich source of prayer taken from the byzantine liturgy
  
  a very belated thanks to dave brown for that last link; a gateway to a vast amount of information and inspiration
the great highland bagpipe

  
  a few good links, should you share an interest - not to say an obsession - with the pipes. (and, yes, i'm aware the pic shows an irish warpipe.)
a patron saint for pipers?
the western u.s. pipe band association
alliance of north american pipe band associations
the irish pipe band association
the dunsire forum 
 piping press - rab wallace's blog
the piobaireachd society
long beach pipe band
the misty isle pipe band redivivus??  well, no. jen has even taken down the old website i used to link here.  this is what our old band used to sound like just before disbandment.
st.laurence o'toole pipe band (republic of ireland's top band; no one else is even close.)
pipeline (bbc piping programme, broadcast weekly for 70 some years.)
comunn na piobaireachd - piping from new zealand
the thousandth time - a fellow piper from california, a fiddler, entomologist and, not co-incidentally, traditional catholic. (yes, all the same person.}
piping in the irish defence forces -- the official website [you have to scroll down to get the piping text.  assuming they haven't moved it.  again.]
the two-droned irish warpipe -- dave gallagher's excellent tribute to the now seldom-seen irish warpipe  {auugh!!  it looks like dave took it down.  i'm leaving the link in memory of one of my favourite sites.}

cauld wind pipes

the lowland and border pipers' society -- fostering the bellows-blown pipes of northern england and lowland scotland
the piper's gathering -- annual gathering of players of alternative pipes: english, irish, breton, you-name-it
smallpiper -- vicki swan explains the bellows-blown smallpipes.  loads of good tunes.
the morpeth chantry bagpipe museum -- just what it says.  and not only cauld wind pipes, but plenty of others, too
the morpeth gathering -- a celebration of northumbrian and border traditions.  lots of northumbrian small pipes and half-longs
the northumbrian pipers society
the bagpipe society -- encouraging all sorts of bagpipe, including the english bagpipe revival
the uilleann obsession -- the website for the southern california uilleann piper's club
cumann na bpíobairí corcaigh -- the cork piper's club

the social order
. . .but all's to no end,
   for the times will not mend,
   'till the king enjoys his own again!
the international monarchist league
the e.f. schumacher society
erik von kuehnelt-leddihn
chronicles
lifesite news
the constitutional monarchy association
the jacobite heritage
irish royalty
monarchy wales
pobal na heireann
chritian solidarity
american life league

radio
    inspired by shortwave, but this is, after all, the internet. . . .

radio jay allen
voice of russia (a.k.a. sputnik news agency)
bbc world service
bbc radio scotland
radio taiwan international [republic of china]
radio vaticana
glenn hauser's world of radio
universal radio - very helpful supplier of all sorts of receivers
on acquiring a sw radio
the news stand

the strand magazine
daily telegraph (london)
the jihad watch
breitbart - daily news from an american right perspective
chronicles magazine
latin mass magazine
california catholic daily -- successor to the redoubtable los angeles catholic mission
touchstone
taki's top drawer
the remnant - the principal print source for news and commentary from a traditional catholic viewpoint in america 
 kevin myers -- outstanding irish essayist & commentator
long beach press telegram (the only print source for news about long beach or lakewood in existence . . . alas, since it was bought out by a conglomerate, not much of that left anyway.  instead, you might try . . .
 the long beach post; online only and liberal as all getout but it does have some local news.)
the los angeles times (the los angeles newspaper monopoly.  the box scores are o.k. and the weather reports are sometimes accurate.)
the american conservative
the wanderer - reporting what the modernists don't want reported for 150 years, more or less
the best news site ever
 the babylon bee well it is. mostly.  sort of.  look at it this way: if you don't read the actual news, you won't understand the bee at all.  now i ask you: if that isn't deep into the news, what is?
the english renaissance
the american chesterton society
a reader's guide to hilaire belloc
the hilaire belloc blog
belloc: readings
chesterton & friends
into the wardrobe: a c.s. lewis website
john henry cardinal newman
plum
maurice baring
the ronald a. knox society
another site for msgr ronald a. knox
vincent mcnabb, o.p.  (the chesterton review had a special edition a few years ago dedicated to fr mcnabb.  well-worth reading if you can find a copy.)
the trollope society
ecclesiastical miscellanea
corpus thomisticum -- all of aquinas in one handy website
holy resurrection monastery (byzantine catholic monks in wisconsin)
thesaurus precum latinarum (an on-line latin prayer book; a rich plum pudding of hidden delights)
the fssp parish in los angeles (in the valley and on the other side of the county from me, alas)
st peter chanel catholic church (probably the best novus ordo parish in the archdiocese of los angeles)
the oblates of the virgin mary (the congregation that staffs st peter chanel)
bl karl of austria, emperor and king.  beatification and canonization site
the wikipedia site for the handmaid of god, zita of bourbon-parma
a fervent essay on the blessed emperor karl by catholic journalist and writer gary potter.
ewtn (pictures, sound files, and an enormous library)
biblia vulgata
the knox bible (that's the very rev msgr ronald; nothing to do with rev john, late of scotland)
douay-rheims-challoner bible
bl titus brandsma, o.carm. -- priest, theologian, journalist, mystic, educator, & martyr
choral evensong
st michael's abbey -- praemonstratensian canons of orange, calif.
hibernia
 
a crowned harp because the blazon of the high king of ireland -- when he is finally restored -- should include such. it ought to be on st patrick's blue also, imho, but this is as close as i have seen.
omnium sanctorum hiberniæ, all the saints of ireland
trias thaumaturga, the three miracle-workers of ireland
fr william doyle, s.j., chaplain to the 16th irish brigade
pobal na heireann (promoting the irish language, the traditional roman rite, and restoration of the high kingship of ireland.  more lost causes here than you can shake a stick at.  i love every one of them.  alas, i haven't seen anything new in a very long time.  but one lives in hope.)
canon sheehan
kevin myers
the wild geese
ireland's history in maps
irish culture & customs
architecture ireland (strange page, a mass of broken link. but scroll down for some interesting, although irrelevant to the page's title, stuff)
tha boord o ulster-scotch: leid & fowkgates
na píobairí uilleann
irish import shop (the best source for irish food, music, & much else in southern california)
ulster heritage: all things ulster
the irish war pipe - not nearly as good as dave gallagher's former site, but has some good links on its "history" page
the great irish warpipe - an australian site
the irish warpipe -- a 5 page pdf on the history of, you guessed it, the irish warpipe
scottish country dance

what is scottish country dancing, anyway?
the royal scottish country dance society, a.k.a., rscds
rscds - orange county, calif. branch
rscds - los angeles, calif. branch
              rscds - san gabriel valley, calif. (branch still exists but website is kaput at this writing.)
rscds - san diego, calif. branch
rscds - edinburgh [scotland] branch
"tac" - the teacher's association of canada
james scott skinner
scottish country dancing dictionary
the intercity scot -- the fons et origo of north american scottish dance information
odds and ends




     
     
     
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

contact information
e-mail:
  high praise, recipes, & sources for
  good reeds may be addressed to:
thesixbells at verizon dot net
  (after, of course, you close up the
  spaces, change the "at" to an "@" and 
  the "dot" to a "."  spambots delendi sunt.)
  (if this looks new to you, you are quite right; the
  old tavernkeeper address is no more.)
  
an address for complaints may possibly
  be added at some point.  in the fullness of time.
  le cunamh dé.  deo volente.


  should you, in fact, decide to drop me a note,
it is entirely possible that i may decide to publish

it unless you tell me not to.  and even if you tell
me not to, things do get in something of a muddle here;
in a fit of absentmindedness, i might publish it anyway.
so discretion is always advisable.
archives

09/01/2002 - 09/30/2002
10/01/2002 - 10/31/2002
11/01/2002 - 11/30/2002
12/01/2002 - 12/31/2002
01/01/2003 - 01/31/2003
02/01/2003 - 02/28/2003
03/01/2003 - 03/31/2003
04/01/2003 - 04/30/2003
05/01/2003 - 05/31/2003
06/01/2003 - 06/30/2003
07/01/2003 - 07/31/2003
08/01/2003 - 08/31/2003
09/01/2003 - 09/30/2003
10/01/2003 - 10/31/2003
11/01/2003 - 11/30/2003
12/01/2003 - 12/31/2003
01/01/2004 - 01/31/2004
02/01/2004 - 02/29/2004
03/01/2004 - 03/31/2004
04/01/2004 - 04/30/2004
05/01/2004 - 05/31/2004
06/01/2004 - 06/30/2004
07/01/2004 - 07/31/2004
08/01/2004 - 08/31/2004
09/01/2004 - 09/30/2004
10/01/2004 - 10/31/2004
11/01/2004 - 11/30/2004
12/01/2004 - 12/31/2004
01/01/2005 - 01/31/2005
02/01/2005 - 02/28/2005
03/01/2005 - 03/31/2005
04/01/2005 - 04/30/2005
05/01/2005 - 05/31/2005
06/01/2005 - 06/30/2005
07/01/2005 - 07/31/2005
08/01/2005 - 08/31/2005
09/01/2005 - 09/30/2005
10/01/2005 - 10/31/2005
11/01/2005 - 11/30/2005
12/01/2005 - 12/31/2005
01/01/2006 - 01/31/2006
02/01/2006 - 02/28/2006
03/01/2006 - 03/31/2006
04/01/2006 - 04/30/2006
05/01/2006 - 05/31/2006
06/01/2006 - 06/30/2006
07/01/2006 - 07/31/2006
08/01/2006 - 08/31/2006
09/01/2006 - 09/30/2006
10/01/2006 - 10/31/2006
11/01/2006 - 11/30/2006
12/01/2006 - 12/31/2006
01/01/2007 - 01/31/2007
02/01/2007 - 02/28/2007
03/01/2007 - 03/31/2007
04/01/2007 - 04/30/2007
05/01/2007 - 05/31/2007
06/01/2007 - 06/30/2007
07/01/2007 - 07/31/2007
08/01/2007 - 08/31/2007
09/01/2007 - 09/30/2007
10/01/2007 - 10/31/2007
11/01/2007 - 11/30/2007
12/01/2007 - 12/31/2007
01/01/2008 - 01/31/2008
02/01/2008 - 02/29/2008
03/01/2008 - 03/31/2008
04/01/2008 - 04/30/2008
05/01/2008 - 05/31/2008
06/01/2008 - 06/30/2008
07/01/2008 - 07/31/2008
08/01/2008 - 08/31/2008
09/01/2008 - 09/31/2008
10/01/2008 - 10/31/2008
11/01/2008 - 11/31/2008
12/01/2008 - 12/31/2008
01/01/2009 - 01/31/2009
02/01/2009 - 02/29/2009
03/01/2009 - 03/31/2009
04/01/2009 - 04/30/2009
05/01/2009 - 05/31/2009
06/01/2009 - 06/30/2009
07/01/2009 - 07/31/2009
08/01/2009 - 08/31/2009
09/01/2009 - 09/30/2009
10/01/2009 - 10/31/2009
11/01/2009 - 11/30/2009
12/01/2009 - 12/31/2009
01/01/2010 - 01/31/2010
02/01/2010 - 02/28/2010
03/01/2010 - 03/31/2010
04/01/2010 - 04/30/2010
05/01/2010 - 05/31/2010
06/01/2010 - 06/30/2010
07/01/2010 - 07/31/2010
08/01/2010 - 08/31/2010
09/01/2010 - 09/30/2010
10/01/2010 - 10/31/2010
11/01/2010 - 11/30/2010
12/01/2010 - 12/31/2010
01/01/2011 - 01/31/2011
02/01/2011 - 02/28/2011
03/01/2011 - 03/31/2011
04/01/2011 - 04/30/2011
05/01/2011 - 05/31/2011
06/01/2011 - 06/30/2011
07/01/2011 - 07/31/2011
08/01/2011 - 08/31/2011
09/01/2011 - 09/30/2011
10/01/2011 - 10/31/2011
11/01/2011 - 11/30/2011
12/01/2011 - 12/31/2011
01/01/2012 - 01/31/2012
02/01/2012 - 02/29/2012
03/01/2012 - 03/31/2012
04/01/2012 - 04/30/2012
05/01/2012 - 05/31/2012
06/01/2012 - 06/30/2012
07/01/2012 - 07/31/2012
08/01/2012 - 08/31/2012
09/01/2012 - 09/30/2012
10/01/2012 - 10/31/2012
11/01/2012 -11/30/2012
12/01/2012 - 12/31/2012
01/01/2013 - 01/31/2013
02/01/2013 - 02/28/2013
03/01/2013 - 03/31/2013
04/01/2013 - 04/30/2013
05/01/2013 - 05/31/2013
06/01/2013 - 06/30/2013
07/01/2013 - 07/31/2013
08/01/2013 - 08/31/2013
09/01/2013 - 09/30/2013
10/01/2013 - 10/31/2013
11/01/2013 - 11/31/2013
12/01/2013 - 12/31/2013
04/01/2013 - 04/30/2013
01/01/2014 - 01/31/2014
02/01/2014 - 02/28/2014
03/01/2014 - 03/31/2014
04/01/2014 - 04/30/2014
05/01/2014 - 05/31/2014
06/01/2014 - 06/30/2014
07/01/2014 - 07/31/2014
08/01/2014 - 08/31/2014
09/01/2014 - 09/30/2014
10/01/2014 - 10/31/2014
11/01/2014 - 11/30/2014
12/01/2014 - 12/31/2014
01/01/2015 - 01/31/2015
02/01/2015 - 02/28/2015
03/01/2015 - 03/31/2015
04/01/2015 - 04/30/2015
05/01/2015 - 05/31/2015
06/01/2015 - 06/30/2015
07/01/2015 - 07/31/2015
08/01/2015 - 08/31/2015
09/01/2015 - 09/30/2015
10/01/2015 - 10/31/2015
11/01/2015 - 11/30/2015
12/01/2015 - 12/31/2015
01/01/2016 - 01/31/2016
02/01/2016 - 02/29/2016
03/01/2016 - 03/31/2016
04/01/2016 - 04/30/2016
05/01/2016 - 05/31/2016
06/01/2016 - 06/30/2016
07/01/2016 - 07/31/2016
08/01/2016 - 08/31/2016
09/01/2016 - 09/30/2016
10/01/2016 - 10/31/2016
11/01/2016 - 11/30/2016
12/01/2016 - 12/31/2016
01/01/2017 - 01/31/2017
02/01/2017 - 02/28/2017
03/01/2017 - 03/31/2017
04/01/2017 - 04/30/2017
05/01/2017 - 05/31/2017
06/01/2017 - 06/30/2017
07/01/2017 - 07/31/2017
08/01/2017 - 08/31/2017
09/01/2017 - 09/30/2017
10/01/2017 - 10/31/2017
11/01/2017 - 11/30/2017
12/01/2017 - 12/31/2017
01/01/2018 - 01/31/2018
02/01/2018 - 01/28/2018
03/01/2018 - 03/31/2018
04/01/2018 - 04/30/2018
05/01/2018 - 05/31/2018
06/01/2018 - 06/30/2018
07/01/2018 - 07/31/2018
08/01/2018 - 08/31/2018
09/01/2018 - 09/30/2018
10/01/2018 - 10/31/2018
11/01/2018 - 11/30/2018
12/01/2018 - 12/31/2018
01/01/2019 - 01/31/2019
02/01/2019 - 02/28/2019
03/01/2019 - 03/31/2019
04/01/2019 - 04/30/2019
05/01/2019 - 05/31/2019
06/01/2019 - 06/30/2019
07/01/2019 - 07/31/2019
08/01/2019 - 08/31/2019
09/01/2019 - 09/30/2019
10/01/2019 - 10/31/2019
11/01/2019 - 11/30/2019
12/01/2019 - 12/31/2019
01/01/2020 - 01/31/2020
02/01/2020 - 02/29/2020
03/01/2020 - 03/31/2020
04/01/2020 - 04/30/2020
05/01/2020 - 05/31/2020
06/01/2020 - 06/30/2020
07/01/2020 - 07/31/2020
08/01/2020 - 08/31/2020
09/01/2020 - 09/30/2020
010/01/2020 -10/31/2020
11/01/2020 - 11/30/2020
12/01/2020 - 12/31/2020
01/01/2021 - 01/31/2021
02/01/2021 - 02/28/2021
03/01/2021 - 03/31/2021
04/01/2021 - 04/33/2021
05/01/2021 - 05/31/2021
06/01/2021 - 06/30/2021
07/01/2021 - 07/31/2021
08/01/2021 - 08/31/2021
09/01/2021 - 09/30/2021
 
 10/01/2021 - oh, bother.  i give up.  this used to happen automatically but i've has to do it manually for years.
      no more.  if anyone needs this, i'm sorry but i'm running out of room and i have already run out of patience.
      
      
      
  

 about me        name:john   location:hunkering down in the ordinariate here in the lower-left-hand corner of the continental 48 and meditating on how everything has deteriorated since yesteryear. well, synthetic drone reeds are better.  but nothing else.  view my complete profile  





and about that url. . . .
"what's it supposed to mean?" i hear you ask.
scroll to the very bottom of this page and all will be revealed.




more weather by accuweather®







 
     "two of the pubs near oxford which c.s. lewis frequented were the trout and the six bells.
     some of lewis's american readers had written him to inquire about his views on drinking
     alcoholic beverages.  his response to them was in no uncertain terms: 'i have always
     in my books been concerned simply to put forward mere christianity, and am no
     guide on these (most regrettable) interdenominational questions.  i do however
     most strongly object to the tyrannic and unscriptural insolence of anything that calls
     itself a church and makes teetotalism a condition of membership.  apart from the more
     serious objection (that our lord himself turned water into wine and made wine the medium
     of the only rite he imposed on all his followers), it is so provincial (what i believe
     you people call small town).   don't they realize that christianity arose in the 
     mediterranean world where, then as now, wine was as much a part of the normal diet as bread?"
 c. s. lewis: images of his world by douglas gilbert & clyde s. kilby











