






west piedmont planning district commission | west piedmont planning district commission







































276-638-3987
plan@wppdc.org



facebook


 





facebook



 












home
about
commissioners

agendas & minutes


programs & services

agritourism and agribusiness
broadband

wppdc east broadband project
wppdc west broadband project
wppdc patrick broadband project


brownfield rlf
ceds
community development
hazard mitigation planning
housing
legislative services
natural resources
on-call consultant
pandemic recovery plan
transportation

regional transportation plans
state transportation plans
multimodal resources
transportation funding programs
transportation links
corridors of statewide significance




data & resources

regional data
gis & maps
links


news

opportunity tracker archive


contact
danville mpo
wppdc careers
 





select page


  
 



 



 















west piedmont planning district commission
serving the counties of franklin • henry • patrick • pittsylvania
city of danville • city of martinsville • town of rocky mount














upcoming events











			feb		

			27		








7:00 pm - 8:30 pm 



		wppdc board meeting	










			mar		

			27		








7:00 pm - 8:30 pm 



		wppdc board meeting	










			apr		

			24		








6:00 pm - 7:30 pm 



		wppdc executive committee meeting	









		view calendar	












housing program
access application materials for the wppdc housing production program.






agritourism and agribusiness
learn more about the regional agritourism and agribusiness development program.








broadband
wppdc received vati grant awards for three broadband projects.






ceds 5-year update
a regional economic development plan developed with input from partners across the region.











recent news









community foundation serving western virginia awards funding to west piedmont planning district commission for improvements to i.c. dehart memorial park

 the west piedmont planning district commission (wppdc) has been awarded grant funding to improve i.c. dehart memorial park in patrick county,... 
read more 








danville metropolitan planning organization (mpo) seeks public comment

the danville metropolitan planning organization (mpo) seeks public comment on the draft safe streets and roads for all plan.  this effort to improve... 
read more 








morgan promoted to community development director at west piedmont planning district commission

the west piedmont planning district commission (wppdc) is proud to announce the promotion of rebekah morgan to the position of director of community... 
read more 









welcome to west piedmont pdc





the west piedmont planning district commission (wppdc) is a regional planning organization serving the counties of franklin, henry, patrick, and pittsylvania; the cities of danville and martinsville; and the town of rocky mount. formed in 1970, the wppdc is one of twenty-one state designated planning districts in the commonwealth of virginia charged with developing collaborative regional approaches to issues of greater than local impact including, but not limited to, economic development, transportation, and legislative priorities. 
the wppdc seeks to carry out its mission by facilitating regional thinking and dialogue among the district’s local governments, k-12 and higher educational institutions, economic development organizations, workforce development, and other key stakeholders. in other states, organizations like pdc’s are known as regional councils, regional commissions, and councils of government.



newsletter sign-up











member localities





































 






 































