













zoom tan | america's best uv and spray tanning salon | affordable and local sunless tanning


































































skip navigation























go to zoom tan home page



toggle navigation





zoom tan locations








uv tanning


uv tanning service


uv tanning faqs


check tan time


hygiene




spray tanning


spray tanning service


spray tanning faqs


spray tanning demo




sunlight


pricing & specials


buy


monthly memberships


yearly memberships


change membership



gift cards





my account


change membership



pay balance


cancel membership


login


forms




careers


salon locations



















open quick links icon menu





 zoom tan quick links drawer 



































open zoom tan radio player























uv tanning membership - $39 per month - uv tan everyday
spray tanning membership - $59 per month - spray tan everyday







zoom tan - indoor uv & spray tanning salon chain
buy tanning memberships online


purchase your tanning membership right here or at any one of our tanning salon locations across the us!   all of our spray tanning, uv tanning or combo memberships can be viewed and purchased by pressing "buy now" below.  no commitment or contract required.  zoom tan salons make it easy to join and easy to cancel online.  just follow the links to learn more.
all memberships and packages can be used at any zoom tan tanning salon location.  no cash accepted.  no appointments necessary - walk-ins only.  please bring a valid driver's license & cell phone to tan.  



buy
change
cancel













a high quality, hassle free & affordable tanning salon that's perfect for you
no commitment • no contract • cancel online
here at zoom tan and in all our tanning salons across the country we believe in providing our clients with the highest level of tanning at competitive prices. we do not believe in locking clients into long-term member contracts because we know that our tanning booths, spray solution, products, price, and service will keep our customers coming back for more every time.   we only offer the best in american made tanning equipment, indoor uv & spray tanning, tanning formulas and products, and overall customer experience.  our goal is for all our patrons to leave our salons happy, relaxed and with a beautiful golden tan.  period.  





darker
because our stand-ups do not have acrylic they allow 15-20% more light to reach your skin leaving you with a rich, darker, overall tan.






faster
our specialize tanning equipment is manufactured completely in the us and can tan in half the time of most lay down tanning beds.






cleaner
stand-up tanning booths are cleaner and more hygienic than lay down tanning beds.  in our tanning salons you can uv or spray tan worry-free.






better
stand-up, indoor, tanning booths eliminate the white spots, lines and streaks that lay down tanning beds create from pressure points.




learn more












find the best uv & spray tanning deals to fit your budget and standards  
purchase monthly or yearly tanning memberships online

zoom tan spray and uv tanning service memberships are available online and in stores.  all prices are the same at every one of our tanning salons nationwide and all memberships and packages can be used at any location.  continue reading to learn more about the affordable indoor tanning options that we offer.  






monthly tanning memberships
view our list of affordable and convenient monthly uv and spray tanning membership options for all budgets.  

all uv and spray tanning memberships require no contract.  a monthly reoccurring fee will be taken on the same day of every month.  if you want to cancel simply navigate to our "my account" menu tab, select cancel membership and provide accurate and up-to-date account information.  cancellation is instant.   
buy now





yearly tanning memberships
don't want to bother with a monthly fee?  check out our list of yearly tanning memberships available.

all yearly memberships require a one time fee up front.  so if you love tanning with us in our salons and want to save 20% or more on the monthly cost then these are the plans for you.
buy now
















zoom tan tanning salon gift cards for sale at a tanning salon near you
give them the gift of sun-kissed skin and a luxurious glowing tan

looking for that perfect gift? how about the gift of a gorgeous glow? zoom tan gift cards can be redeemed for instore purchases including spray tans, indoor uv tans, tanning products, certain memberships & packages, merchandise & more! 





buy gift card
check gc balance 









zoom tan tanning salon frequently asked questions
have a zoom tan spray or uv tanning question? look no further.
  check out our list of frequently asked customer tanning salon questions.  we have divided them by spray tanning questions, uv tanning questions and zoom tan general policy & practices section.   the links for each respective section is down below.  if you still can't find your answer contact our customer service at (877) 966-6826 (877) 966-6826 or email us here.

1. will my skin look orange if i spray tan?
no. the advanced technology currently used in sunless tanning solutions is designed to ensure a natural, bronze tan. the salon associate can help you select the proper level of tanning solution to best match your skin tone.
2. how much is a single spray tan?
we have 3 different levels of spray. our pricing varies depending on the level. for pricing information, visit our pricing & specials page.
3. how old do you have to be to spray tan?
there is no age limit on spray tanning, we just ask that you are able to follow directions. note: a government issued photo id (passport, drivers license or state identification card) is required on your first visit so we can set up your profile. 
4. how old do you have to be to uv tan?
this differs state by state. in florida and georgia we require that you be at least 15 with parental consent. pennsylvania has a state minimum tanning age of 17 with parental consent and new york requires that you must be an adult (18+ yrs) to uv tan.   
5. do i need to make an appointment for a spray tan?
at zoom tan we only take walk-ins, so you can always come in whenever you are ready!
6. do you accept cash?
none of the zoom tan salons take cash. we accept debit or credit cards (visa, mastercard, or discover).  we also accept gift and prepaid cards for any non recurring purchases.
7. what do i need to bring with me in order to tan at zoom tan?
all tanning requires that you bring a valid driver's license & cell phone. 

read more frequently asked questions:

general faqs
spray tan faqs
uv tanning faqs



















faqs


employee login


leasing


careers


about


privacy


documents











zoom tan facebook"
zoom tan twitter
zoom tan youtube
zoom tan instagram
zoom tan pinterest 

copyright © 2025 zoom tan, inc.


zoom tan tanning salons
zoom tan, inc.
		 										founded 2008 in naples, fl
		 										phone:(877)966-6826 
		 										email: customerservice@zoomtan.com
		 										https://www.zoomtan.com/




												zoom tan is america's fastest growing 
												uv and spray tanning salon chain. we 
	  										currently have close to one hundred 
	  										locations spread across fl, ny, 
	  										ga, and pa. we offer our clients 
												many easy to manage pricing 
												options to meet all tanning needs.
										










