




jammin products home page



















welcome to jammin products 





world champion and multi-time national champion r/c racer "jammin" jay halsey brings over 25 years experience in design, testing, racing, and winning to every high quality race proven part manufactured for the serious racer. jay has developed cars for virtually every major r/c car manufacture and now brings his innovation in house and available to you. 
    
 


select jammin products now available on-line direct. click below. 
        jammin products is now producing performance accessories for other brands. by popular demand the r&d team is developing parts for brands such as team associated the hpi baja 5, traxxas short course trucks, losi scte-10, as well as other popular models. 


 
new jammin associated b5m/t5m carbon fiber adjustable battery  strap 





 
new jammin chassis  for the losi ten scte 4x4  and the losi ten scte rtr 4x4
            msrp $ 79.95






7075 t6 black hard anodized aluminum - the best in durability!
          hard anodizing will not wear like powder coating or standard anodizing.  
          stronger and lighter than the stock chassis. 
          strategically lightened to maximize performance.
          tunable with multi-chassis stiffener locations.
           lower center diff and motor mount creates the lowest c.g. possible.
          improves side to side weight distribution for proper balance.
made in the usa - 
            the best quality you can   buy
click here 


 


new jammin wrenches  metric, sae, ball end, square end - 
click here 





 






new jammin body clips- click here
new jammin products for the tekno sct-410 - click here






new jammin wire ties & shrink tube - click here
new jammin cleaning brush kit - click here






new jammin products for the losi scte ten 2.0 - click here 
new jammin products for the mugen mbx7- click here 






new jammin products for the tekno sct10 - click here 
new jammin screw kit for the losi scte & 2.0 - click here 






new jammin products for the associated sc-10 - click here 
new jammin products for  traxxas  - click here






new jammin products body reamer - click here 
new jammin screw kit for the losi 22 - click here 






new jammin products for the losi 5t - click here 
new jammin products nut driver set- click here 






new jammin products for the traxxas slash - click here 
new jammin products for the mugen - click here 






new jammin battery safety bag, fuel gun, & combo tool 
click here 
new jammin charger - click here 







 - - - jammin news - - -
        





hear the interview of the founder of jammin products, jay halsey by radioimpound on their facebook page or the radioimpound website







jammin expands the wrench line-up adding metric ball end wrenches, sae square, and sae ball end wrenches. 





new jammin products rear shock tower for the traxxas xo-1. click here for more details and to purchase. 







new jammin products drag link for the losi scte-10. click here for more details and to purchase. 





new jammin products for traxxas r/c cars
      the first of many to come high quality jammin products to fit the traxxas slash 2wd and slash 4wd - click here for more details and to purchase. 







new jammin chassis for the losi scte-10.
      take some weight off.
      lower the center of gravity.
      improve steering.
      reduces chassis flex.
      stronger and more durable.
all this with the new jammin chassis.
click here for more details and to purchase.         







new jammin screw kit for the losi scte-10. 
      replace the weak scrwws with this high quality set. 

click here to buy 







8/11 - more new stuff !!

jammin products for jq products "the car"

more losi scte-10 parts

more baja 5 parts 





team losi scte-10 parts from jammin !
      put your losi on a diet. jammin products has developed some lightweight yet super strong carbon fiber and titanium parts for the scte-10. 
buy them online 







2/24 - jammin expands ! 
      jammin products is now producing performance accessories for other brands. by popular demand the r&d team is developing parts for brands such as the hpi baja 5, traxxas short course trucks, as well as other popular models. click here to see the all new baja 5 carbon fiber parts 





buy jammin products on-line direct
      select parts are now available direct from jammin products through our pay pal store. click here to see the latest scrt-10 parts. 






 






 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 




copyright ©  2011 jammin products
  all   other trademarks and copyrights on this site are owned by their respective   owners. all rights reserved.
site information disclaimer








