






homepage - national association of enrolled agents


























































































































faq
webboard
contact
find a tax expert
become an enrolled agent
 
log in 







find a tax expertbecome an enrolled agentadvocacy






	advocacy
	

naea political action committeewhitepapers 
 


 


 


make your voice heard during naea’s capitol hill fly-in from may 13-14, 2025!
learn more 
 

member center







my accountjoinrenewmembership benefits

resources for new membersfree ce 
tax resources

naea knowledge centerthe naea insider blog 
connectmember directorystate chaptersstate affiliates

state affiliate websites + resources 
 
 


 

awardssupport the professionget involved

committees 
naea storeresourcesmember survey resultssample documents & lettersmarketing tools 
 


  


 wellness:


take a moment to explore our wellness resources, including articles, music playlists, yoga activities, meditation and more! 
 
 

about naea






	about naea
	

who we areboard of directorsnaea staffour historydiversity, equity & inclusion (dei)governance

naea governance changes 
the naea insider blog 
 


 

what we doadvocacystrategic planpartnerseducation foundationcontactfaqpress center 
 




ethicscode of ethicsnaea code of conduct policyprivacy policy 
 
 

education & events






	education & events
	

educationcontinuing education portal

free ce 
certificate programstax talk todaynational tax practice institute®surgent education partnershipschuldiner/smollan leadership academyeducation faqs 
 


 

eventsin person eventsnaea calendarchapter eventsaffiliate eventscsea tax fundamentals bootcampssponsorsnaea call for speakers 
 




 
education callout image 


education calloutjoin the naea community of enrolled agents at naea tax summit from july 28–30, 2025, at the grand america hotel in salt lake city! this event is perfect for learning the latest in tax and representation.
learn more
 
 


 

careers






	careers
	 
 






naea career centerwhat is an ea?ea career panelbecome an enrolled agentregister for the special enrollment exampass the special enrollment exami’m an ea, now what? 
 




naea education foundationfaq ce requirements for easprofessional development 
 


 
 

ea journal 








we power america’s tax experts.




the naea is the nation’s leading community for tax practitioners – from aspiring enrolled agents to experts with decades of experience. we are advancing the professional tax practice through leadership, management, community, and ethics.




become a member




become a partner




renew your membership




continuing education portal




state chapters









find a tax expert
access the best. with thousands of naea members across the country, we’ve made it easy to find the tax expert who can help you with any and every question, issue, or challenge you may face. just check our directory.
browse our directory





become an enrolled agent
enrolled agents are america’s tax experts and hold the irs’s highest credential. the demand for eas is high and the future is bright, potentially lucrative, and highly flexible—and you can become an ea without a college degree.
learn more about becoming an ea





event calendar




















		4 events found.	

























	today




					now				

					now				

 - 


					2/27/2025				

					february 27				




		select date.	












		february 2025	





			wed		

			19		








february 19 at 3:00 pm - 4:00 pm 



		ntpi roundtable	



moderator: alan pinck, ea price: free for members join naea each month for a member-only national tax practice institute® (ntpi) fellow roundtable for open discussion on hot representation topics and industry best practices with the ntpi instructors and fellows. this webinar is for ntpi fellows/graduates and those who are currently taking the ntpi program.   register   not a member yet? become part of naea today to unlock access to...









			thu		

			20		








february 20 at 3:00 pm - 4:00 pm 



		2025 february solutions room: when cognitive decline affects your client (1 ce)	



speaker: beth logan, eace: 1 irs/ctecprice: free for members | $50 for nonmembers this class will explain dementia and its warning signs. we will discuss the obligations for eas regarding the sharing of information, collection of information, and review of the returns with clients. through interactive discussions about various scenarios, we will develop ideas for handling dementia clients. objectives: explain dementia and related issues. propose possible scenarios for dealing with...









			tue		

			25		








february 25 at 3:00 pm - 4:00 pm 



event series




practice education series





		practice education: time management	



speaker: william hill, mba pricing: free for all this course is designed to empower individuals with the knowledge and skills to effectively manage their time, prioritize tasks, and optimize productivity in both personal and professional domains. in today's fast-paced world, mastering time management techniques is essential for achieving goals, reducing stress, and maintaining a healthy work-life balance. this course explores practical strategies, tools, and mindset shifts to enhance personal efficiency,...









			thu		

			27		








february 27 at 3:00 pm - 4:00 pm 



		february member roundtable	



moderator: david woods, ea, ustcp price: free for members join naea on the last thursday of every month for a member-only open roundtable discussion on the latest tax topics and best practices with tax industry experts.   register   not a member yet? become part of naea today to unlock access to this and a host of other exclusive benefits. discover new opportunities, expand your knowledge, and elevate your career...












			previous events 




		today	




			next events 









				subscribe to calendar			






		google calendar	



		icalendar	



		outlook 365	



		outlook live	



		export .ics file	



		export outlook .ics file	













view the full calendar





find a job!





browse our career center





why choose naea?




naea is more than a membership — we are your community, support team, and trusted learning partner. whether you’re a tax practitioner, a new agent, or a seasoned enrolled agent, naea is your home.





empower
we provide you with expert information, resources, and tools that help you grow and thrive.





educate
naea is the leader in education for tax professionals, providing classes designed by experts who can deliver the skills you need to handle any tax issue.





advocate
we’re with you every step of the way while pursuing your enrolled agent credential and beyond.





connect
we help you grow your professional network by providing an active, knowledge-rich community of your peers.





learn more about our membership




























our strategic partners
































naea knowledge center
our library of free downloadable content includes white papers, webinars, product guides, case studies, industry analysis and much more, provided by experts and vendors within the accounting industry.
browse our free resources





get involved with naea
naea offers many opportunities for you to use your talents and interests to become engaged and support the profession. learn more about how to about volunteer and find leadership options with naea!
learn how to get involved





naea education foundation
the education foundation seeks to help tax professionals to reach their goal of becoming enrolled agents by providing scholarships to prepare for the special enrollment examination.
learn more about the foundation











naea education foundation
the education foundation seeks to help tax professionals to reach their goal of becoming enrolled agents by providing scholarships to prepare for the special enrollment examination.
learn more about the foundation





















                1100 g street nw, suite 450 
washington, dc 20005            




                            (202) 822-6232                        



                            info@naea.org                        



 ©naea 2025 all rights reserved 


about naea
join naea
contribute
naea chapters
naea affiliates
 



 facebook 
 youtube
 x
 linkedin
 instagram












we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								












save & accept










 












join us for naea’s biggest event of the year!
salt lake city, ut | july 28 – 30, 2025
early bird pricing ends 2/28/2025!
sign me up!





			close			























































































 





