










 allucquére rosanne stone / sandy
  stone! would you like theory with that?










"who ordered that?"  --i. i. rabi, on discovering the muon

 
home | projects | teaching | faq | store |

blog | actlab | links | contact | 





 "perception requires engagement":
banner from the venice biennale. you bet.  

girl island is a cinematic romp through...my life?!,
directed by the astonishing powerhouse marji vecchio.  how does a nice jewish boychik
from noo joisey wind up engineering for jimi hendrix, van morrison, crosby & nash, 

and 
a world-famous lesbian separatist collective, create the first new media lab,
become a founder of transgender studies,
and wind up in the national women's hall of fame?  --how, indeed. find out when marji
decides the time is ripe.

department of wt actual f

...so this thing happened.  yes, in january 2024 yours truly was inducted into the 
national women's
hall of fame, along with patricia bath, ruby bridges, elouise cobell, kimberle crenshaw,
peggy mcintosh, judith plaskow, loretta ross, anna wessels williams, and serena williams.
yes, i'm the first trans woman (that we know of) to be inducted. yes, it's a signal honor.  
and yes, i'm terrible at receiving signal honors,
so i'm just going to leave this right here.

bloomington: post-posttranssexual: transgender studies
and feminism


this event was the ride of my life -- celebrating, as it did, the
twentieth anniversary of the publication of the empire
strikes back: a posttranssexual manifesto, which some academic folks
claim is s founding document for the field of transgender
studies. susan stryker and the university of indiana at bloomington
set out to prove it by holding a conference dedicated to honoring that
work and the work of all scholars who put their asses on the line,
figuratively and literally, to create this new and still controversial
discipline. they were kind enough to invite me and kate bornstein as
guests of honor, and, believe me, an honor it was.



in addition to the
wonderful conference, we were treated to a special tour of the amazing
kinsey institute, and kate was invited to sign their archive copy of her book
gender outlaw (in the pic to the right). the kinsey institute is jaw-droppingly
amazing...their archives include the world's most extensive collection
of erotic art, dating back to the sixteenth century. here's a shot of six
of us in the kinsey office.

not to make light of any of this...fact is, during the panel discussion
susan asked me to read the concluding paragraph of the posttranssexual
manifesto to the audience. i got a few sentences in, and discovered i was
crying. it's been a long road. we're not near the end yet, but we're all
clearly on our way. and that, as gandalf says, is a reassuring thought.

madrid: technologies of the body

the fourth international workshop on technologies of the body
rolled into madrid.  directed by
jaime del val, the week-long series of intense workshops and
performances featured stelarc, daniel schorno, donald glowinski,
rudolfo quintas and andre goncalves, roberta bosco, laura canete, juan
carlos olmos, and of course yours sincerely, doing something
unsettling concerning "dissonances of gender".  the theme was
frontier bodies: aesthetics and politics in
post-postmodernism. this, bilbo said, taking the pipe from his
mouth and smiling up at gandalf, was a night to remember.

department of performance

we mounted the neovagina monologues, a brand-new version, at
the vortex theatre in austin.  this performance, produced with the wonderful help of producing
artistic director bonnie collum, was from my perspective the definitive
show, and the packed house seemed to agree.  the
original was in three parts, gender of choice, sexual hoo hah,
and languages of women. each seventy-eight minutes long and
meant to run on three successive nights.  for the vortex show, we
edited and combined all three parts into one much tighter evening,
consisting of two one-hour parts and a fifteen-minute intermission.

the show was inspired by eve ensler's the vagina monologues, 
which started life as a one-person performance from a finished script;
 and by the late spalding gray, who sat at a table and
improvised full-evening performances out of his notebook.  there's 
more information about the vortex here,
 and more info about the performance in general 
here.

i was thrilled when the vortex's own chad salvata agreed to write and
produce an original musical score and sound design for this production.
with jessica cohen's inspired lighting design and terrific support
from stage manager tamara farley and lightboard operator james plata,
i was in the best of hands.

since the show was in austin while i was professoring away at the
university of texas at austin, we had the luxury of weeks
of preparation and nearly a week of rehearsal, during which we
tweaked the script extensively.  the result of all that effort 
on everyone's part was right up there on the stage.  plus, we were
finally able to get good four-camera video coverage (plus over a
thousand high-quality stills) on three of the four
nights, so there will definitely be a dvd down the line...at least,
after as long as it takes to review and edit thirty-eight hours of
footage into a single two-hour performance video.


department of art
orion's
belt, curated by marjorie vecchio and the gallerinas, was a
month-long multimedia exhibition at sheppard gallery, at the university
of nevada at reno, "converging on the intersections of health,
technology, and mythology". they concluded the week with a keynote
theoryperformance by your humble whatever.

sponsored by nevada humanities and the university of
nevada, the exhibition featured work by artists such as deborah
aschheim and lisa mezzacappa, whose work absolutely floored me.  the
catalog says that "phonological is an
attempt to "back up" deborah aschheim's twenty-five favorite words by
storing them in songs so that she will remember them in the event of
possible future neurological damage or aphasia.  in order to hopefully
preserve it, aschheim has to surrender her vocabulary to other people
to interpret..."  the pieces, which to my eye resemble clusters of
neurons, glow eerily, and do, in fact, emit songs.  the photo above shows
a portion of the gallery area to which the staff added chairs
and a table for my work, which, in this case, i did sitting down.  the
gallery videoed the work in hd, and if things go well it may be
available later; we'll see.



actlabtv summer of code
actlab, actlab student media services, and actlab tv participated in
the google-sponsored summer of code. in a groundbreaking step,
we added a wrinkle of our own by mixing in some social scientists, who
looked for patterns in the interactions between working open
source coders to see if something interesting emerged.

actlabtv film festival



some years back, the actlabtv film festival was particularly 
interested in films/videos made with
cellphones and cheap digital cameras in movie mode.  so many people
say "i could make an incredible movie if only i could get my hands on
one o' them hd cameras".  we think not.  as alan fox-strangways said
in a famous letter to harry partch, "regardless of theory, music is
whatever someone can think out of an old battered horn."
whatever, in the spirit of the actlabtv film festival, let's continue to push the
boundaries of being brilliant with cheap tech.


hearty theorizin' at uc santa cruz


thanks to my old colleague chris gray, my visit was part of the crown
college fortieth anniversary celebration.  in this pic i'm on the
porter college back campus not far from crown, perched on a popular
sculpture that was fondly known as the flying iud.  it was a shocker
to discover that here in the 21st century nobody knew what an iud was.
tempus fugit, y'all...

nanophilosophy at egs


sometimes i'm in residence at egs,
the amazing bleeding-edge university of the future in saas-fee,
switzerland. cynbe and i used to do this together,
and we loved talking theory with all and sundry,
though each of us interprets the term "theory" somewhat differently.  we're
based at the allalin hotel, the egs residence headquarters.
an example course is
nanophilosophy: invisible revolution, which (from the catalog)
"foregrounds the developing nature of submicroscopic signaling and its
troubled relationship with informatics of domination and control far
beyond the orwellian imaginary." other egs faculty include david
lynch, peter greenaway, the quay brothers, donna haraway, avital
ronell, bruce sterling, john waters, slavoj zizek, shelly jackson,
victor burgin, judith butler, and paul miller/dj spooky.  former
faculty and still guiding spirits include jean-francis lyotard,
jacques derrida, and jean baudrillard.  forget foucault, y'all.

chillin' at the venice biennale

the 52nd international biennale de venezia june 14
(with a bunch of egs folx) and again june 23-24 (solo), ogling art,
hanging with friends, and getting ideas.  if you didn't spot me
ambling about or at a table near the turtle fountain, you should've
looked for me around the swiss pavilion.  perhaps we hoisted a glass
of white and discussed, ahem, theory.  see you in two years...

 other stuf
handmaiden of the antichrist
i've found my calling in life


not long ago a group from a well-known university in the dallas vicinity toured
the campus here.  as they passed our corner of the academic vineyard,
one of them asked what building it was.  when the docent told him, 
he gasped, "isn't that where sandy stone works?
she teaches young children to change their sex.  she is a
handmaiden of the antichrist!"
 
jeez, guys. 
flattered though i may be to be perceived as a world-class menace, i'm afraid
the reality is far less flamboyant.  while sex change 101 is an interesting idea,
it doesn't exist --
there's a lot more basic work to be done simply by educating people about the
social and cultural nature of gender and sexuality, and that work is already being
done by people far more qualified than i.

however...we are making a limited number of
handmaiden of the antichrist t-shirts available.  with each
shirt you get a genuine certificate of authenticity, signed by sandy stone herself, and all the
proceeds go to help one of the student support groups.  who needs
to be attacked by lesbian separatists while you're simply trying to make women's music 
when you can be
a handmaiden in the comfort of your own home? don't envy the handmaidens; be one!
ceci n'est pas un blog
well, is it?
i get a lot of email from people who say something like "why can't i post a response to your blog?"

well, the simple answer is: this is not a blog.  there is
a blog nearby, though, and in a little while i'll tell you how to find it.
science fiction
from my typewriter (sic!) to you


yes, i did actually write all of my early stuff on a lovely old olivetti.
and after the olivetti, for a time there was an ibm selectric.  it wasn't until the second
draft of ktahmet that i got my hungry li'l hands on a borrowed
kaypro "portable" computer.  it looked like a sewing machine and weighed about twenty pounds,
but it was a stable beast, and with the help of mark of the unicorn's
final word i finally entered the xxth century.

none of those typescripts survived the last few moves, but the magazines in
which they were originally published did.  so recently i've
been scanning some of the early stuff right out of the magazine of fantasy
and science fiction and galaxy and so forth, and putting them into digital form. 
though it still needs a bit of cleaning, 
the first one, thank god you're alive, is
on my projects page.  this is the sort of stuff one turns out at a tender age,
so be gentle, gentle reader.

by the way, that image to the right is the only time i made galaxy's cover.  the illustration,
by gaughan, is for farewell to the artifacts, which i wrote on the venerable olivetti
and which i haven't finished scanning.
the title in the box was supposed to be "farewell to the artifacts", too, but at the
last minute they bought robert silverberg's "dying inside" -- so his title wound up
gracing the illustration for my story.  that's the writing game, folks.:)




everything a professor should be, in a lowfat, biodegradable
package
professor?  me?  hmmm... i can still remember standing on
a streetcorner in, um, madrid i think it was, with brenda laurel and
rob tow and maybe atau tanaka, when we realized that we were all fully
employed at the same time -- which had never happened before.  felt
weird.  i was a theoretician; they all had real jobs.  anyway, enough
woolgathering.  welcome to my new web pages. that's me on the left.
well, sorta. actually that's more like me up there at the top.  after
years of insisting that my students produce kickass web sites while i
went on hand-coding absolute dirt-basic html for myself, i realized it
was time to give in to xhtml and css. so the children of the cobbler
may still not have flash, but at least they aren't embarrassingly
barefoot.  still, no matter how hard i try, unless i devote something
like a year to this site it's inevitably gonna be ragged. a lot of
links still don't work, and all i can say is oops. so please bear with
the rough edges while i and my students are off devoting our energy to
a far more noble pursuit: designing a device which converts human
stupidity into clean-burning fuel.

deviant bodies gallery exhibition
artists exploring the margins of gender and representation


as it says up there, deviant bodies
 was a groundbreaking exhibition exploring the
margins of gender and representation.  we don't often see these at mainstream
galleries, and the event was further remarkable in bringing together such a large
group of talented artists who have all focused their efforts on this topic.



yours sincerely was honored to participate, and was represented
by two installation
works:

trapped and
simple identity.
that's a still from simple identity at the left.
as usual with my stuff, trapped didn't fit into any of the preexisting
categories for submitted work, but the nice folks at cepa were kind enough to
find ways to accommodate it.


actlab tv


 changing the world one swarm at a time
actlabtv was a cutting-edge transmedia project developed entirely by
actlab students. during the summer, through the good offices
of the rtf new media initiative, the actlabtv folks participated in
the google
summer of code, during which they were able to extend the project
in some very interesting ways.  the basic idea behind actlabtv was that
with the right software you don't need broadband to broadcast video on
the web -- anyone with internet access, even a simple dialup
connection, could be a videocasting station.  in technical terms, the
system was distributed, acephalous, and format-agnostic, which is to
say part of the rapidly growing family of online social
architectures such as faceplant, but different in
that in the actlabtv architecture there was no central server, and
consequently no single point of failure. actlabtv was way ahead of
its time, and now the free web community is moving forward with
the like of mastodon.  i'm interested in how that goes.





no foolin', the snowy landscape was actually shot in austin, texas...live snowbunny
capital of the world.

...and while we're on the subject, how in hell does everybody else in
the sidereal universe find the time to keep their webpages updated?
is there a secret vault full of time that everybody else knows about,
and simply goes to and dips out as much as they need?...
what's up
so, now that the dust has settled... 

it's an interesting new world we live in, and all too frequently
not everyone appreciates the changes, or understands how to move
gracefully with them.  this is particularly true of monster cartels
like the recording industry association of america (riaa) and the
motion picture association of america (mpaa).

some time ago, there was a flap concerning encryption systems the
mpaa uses to cripple dvds and hd dvds in order to prevent the
purchaser (you) from exercising certain rights.  these include such
heinous crimes as fair use, backup copies, copying a dvd to the
hard drive of a home entertainment system, and so forth.

big cartels tend to be slow learners, because, in their experience,
what they can't buy with money they can coerce with thuggery.  
one of the many things big cartels refuse to understand is that
digital rights management, or drm, is a zero-sum game.  so it wasn't
long before clever people figured out the key to the encryption code,
which is a single number, and posted it on their blogs.
amazingly, the mpaa then asserted that they owned the number,
that posting it violated copyright, and that the mpaa would sue
anyone who printed it.  (for history buffs, that number, in
hexadecimal format, is 09f911029d74e35bd84156c5635688c0.)

copyrighting a single number is analogous to copyrighting a single
letter of the alphabet.  the idea that copyright law - already in
serious disarray - could be further twisted by an abusive cartel
laying claim to a single number raised the ire of a good many citizens,
with the result that within a short time the number appeared on
hundreds of thousands of web sites all over the world.  at first the
mpaa tried to kill each site by trolling for the number and demanding
that it be removed.  angry citizens responded by embedding the number
in images - like the cute li'l gebril above - making it invisible to
text searches.  shortly the number was everywhere -- on t-shirts, in
poetry and song lyrics, bumper stickers, graffiti, even tattoos.  to
me, this merely demonstrates the will of the people in action against
thuggish attacks from a huge and clumsy beast which had outlived its
time and couldn't understand the world it inhabited.

and this, of course, was where the actlab came in.  a flap of this
nature, pitting commercial behemoths wedded to obsolete business
models against light, lithe, distributed, and densely connected
networks of citizens with a deep sense of fairness and scant tolerance
for greed, was ripe for theorizin'.  baudrillard, had he lived a bit
longer, would have loved it as much as i did.

the mpaa, chastened but not deterred, shut up about suing
people, and instead returned to attempting to create the perfect
unbreakable encryption scheme.  since this is impossible in any
real-world scenario, their next move was to push everyone online
to stream content instead of owning it...a brilliant move, and pure evil.
and there, for now, the story rests.


this site is hand-coded in raw html and css, just like grandma used to make.
we put our first dialup server online before the internet or the web existed.
as new ideas came along and the possibilities expanded,
we wrote the code for them and hung it somewhere in the existing system where it would do the
most good.  eventually, mainstream technology got in gear, and there appeared lots of
nice, pre-packaged software that could be installed easily and that mostly just worked (tm).
by that time, though, we had so much specialized code in the system that it wasn't possible to
extricate it cleanly.  here in 2024, and after much soul-searching and hesitation and testing
possible migration paths, i still want to hand-code this sucker.




 tell
a friend | privacy policy
| site map | feedback | help 
last updated 4 december 2024. this site is written entirely in html1 and css, and it shows.  please be patient while we update, or anyway attempt to update.

this work is licensed under a 
creative commons license permitting non-commercial sharing with attribution.  others'
work which may be referenced is their property.



