





truecovenanter: the covenanted reformed presbyterian church




















recent update: 2025.01.30


~ true covenanter ~





contact us



for in many things we offend all. if any man offend not in word, the same is a perfect man, and able also to bridle the whole body.—james 3.2




welcome
new additions
donations
sermons

topics

holy scripture
the gospel
theology
worship
baptism
covenanting
fellowship
the family
the state
the church
anti-toleration
anti-papacy
eschatology
public acts, &c.
r.p. literature
poetry
letters
politics
the world



authors

robert baillie
theodore beza
hugh binning
t. james blair
thomas boston
robert bruce
john calvin
rich. cameron
donald cargill
david dickson
james durham
james f. fulton
george gillespie
patrick gillespie
andrew gray
james guthrie
william guthrie
patrick hamilton
sir r. hamilton
alex. henderson
james howie
john howie
john knox
martin luther
john m'millan
robert m'ward
thomas manton
alexander peden
william perkins
james renwick
robert rollock
s. rutherford
alex. shields
walter smith
david steele
robert traill
william twisse
john welch
jerome zanchius
editor


publications
true lutheran
officers
audio
links








☰
s/h menu




welcome to the
covenanted reformed presbyterian church homepage



s/h head
☶





greetings!  thank you for your interest in the covenanters
		    of the 21st century, and the online library of resources which some of us have collected
		    and prepared to share with you and others.  we would like to draw your attention especially
		    to some of those listed immediately below.  these documents set forth the
		    testimony of jesus, sometimes
		    referred to as the cause for christ’s crown & covenant. 
		    this cause, upheld by the churches of the reformation in the 1500’s and 1600’s,
		    is very simply a testimony for jesus christ as supreme lord of church and state: king
		    of kings, and lord of lords.  we desire to make him known as the gracious, loving
		    redeemer of lost sinners.  we also submit to him as the good authority to be obeyed
		    by all, who is accordingly appointed just judge of all men and nations.
		    

please donate to support website & library of content



more details: about the covenanter church, or, who are the covenanters?
the list of documents below includes official standards of the
		covenanted reformed presbyterian church, as well as other historical records of important note.
		please read and consider these prayerfully, in the light of holy scripture,
		and help us to advance the cause for christ's crown & covenant.
documents of the first national reformation in scotland

confession of faith of 1560
first book of discipline
second book of discipline
confession of faith of 1580: the national covenant

documents of the second reformation, 1638-1649

national covenant of scotland
solemn league & covenant and exhortation by the westminster assembly
a directory for the public worship of god by the westminster assembly
shorter catechism  [pdf]
larger catechism
confession of faith  [pdf]
directions concerning secret and private worship... family worship... with two acts of general assembly.
acknowledgment of sins & engagement to duties, 1648
the sum of saving knowledge
the form of presbyterial church government and of ordination of ministers

documents of the united societies

the testimony published at rutherglen, may 29, 1679
the queensferry paper
the sanquhar declaration of war - 1680
declaration published at lanerk, january 12, 1682
the apologetic declaration, & admonitory vindication - october 28, 1684
the protestation, & apologetic admonitory declaration - sanquhar, may 28, 1685
 
the informatory vindication - 1687
 
preface to the following declarations from 1692 to 1707
the declaration of the true presbyterian church of christ, in scotland - 1692
the protestation, apologetic declaration, & admonitory vindication - 1695
the protestation, apologetic declaration, & admonitory vindication - 1703
the protestation and testimony against the incorporating union with england - 1707
renovation of covenants, auchensaugh, 1712.  [offsite]
the declaration published at auchensaugh nigh dowglass - 1718
 
the declaration and testimony published at mount-herick, near crawfurd-john - 1741

documents of the reformed presbytery

act, declaration, and testimony for the whole of the covenanted reformation - 1761
a testimony & warning against some prevailing sins & immoralities - 1805
the "preamble and resolutions" and the reformed presbytery's "deed of constitution" of 1840
minutes of the reformed presbytery (america)

documents from after the dissolving of the reformed presbytery, 1887.

a statement of our reasons for maintaining our separate standing. (1888.)
steps of defection in the reformed presbyterian church of north america. (1913.)




the covenanted reformed presbyterian church






