











department of integrative biology – college of letters & science – uw–madison







































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









department of integrative biology

college of letters & science




search






menu
open menu


close





about
expand


collapse



contact us
visiting uw


dept. information
expand


collapse



committees
ibio employee resources
mentor and instructor resources


people
expand


collapse



faculty
affiliated faculty and staff
emerit faculty
staff
honorary appointments
post degree employees
graduate students


diversity
expand


collapse



statement
diversity, equity, and inclusion resources


academics
expand


collapse



undergraduate programs
graduate programs
courses
enrollment faqs


scholarships
expand


collapse



graduate student scholarships
undergraduate student scholarships


news & events
expand


collapse



news
biology colloquium
graduate student spotlight
ibio newsletters


zoological museum
 



make a gift
website updates
social media updates
 





welcome our new fms grad students!

                  click here for student profiles                



specimens for zoology 301 invertebrate biology and evolution lab.



students gaining field experience with ellen damschen. 



welcome our new ibio grad students!

                  click here for student profiles                






 


mission


 
the department of integrative biology is committed to providing the best training and education in the field of biology for uw-madison undergraduate and graduate students.
with over 40 faculty and affiliated faculty members from several departments across campus, research and education in the department of integrative biology spans all levels of biological organization, considers a diverse range of taxa and systems, and addresses a wide array of basic and applied research questions.

 
 
 
 


in the news2024 yentsch-schindler award recipientthe association for the sciences of limnology and oceanography (aslo) presents the yentsch-schindler early career award each year to an early career scientist who has made outstanding and balanced contributions to research, education, and society. …november 16, 2024mapping lyme disease in space and timeprofessor john orrock led a research project to determine how space and time increase hotspots and coldspots for tick-borne disease. view full article here.september 21, 2024integrative biology alumni publish a story mapkirstin braziunas ms’18, phd’22, and nathan kiel phd’24, both from the turner lab created a story map about forest change in a future with more (short-interval) fire, focusing on the greater yellowstone ecosystem in the …september 12, 2024zoology student studies in tanzania over the summerzoology student daniela hernandez is a recipient of the uw global gateway fellowship. read more about her study abroad experience this summer in tanzania. view full article here.september 5, 2024archived news 
more

 

community highlightsgraduate student spotlight: fredette-roman  for november’s student spotlight we are showcasing jacob fredette-roman. jacob is an integrative biology phd student. he is a part of the sharp lab in the genetics-biotechnology center. jacob’s spotlight highlights his current research, …october 28, 2024graduate student spotlight: kaylee browderfor october’s student spotlight we are highlighting kaylee browder. kaylee is an integrative biology phd student. she is a part of the newmark and issigonis labs in the morgridge institute for research. kaylee gives insight …september 27, 2024graduate student spotlight: adrianna gorskyfor the september edition of our department’s graduate student spotlight. we are highlighting adrianna gorsky, a freshwater and marine sciences phd student. she is a part of the dugan and stanley lab. she provides insight …september 3, 2024community highlight – nathan kielnathan kiel is a doctoral candidate in ibio graduating may 2024. before he transitions to the next phase in his career, we talked with him about his research and graduate student experience in ibio and …april 8, 2024more community highlights posts 
more

 
 
 
 


eventsbiology 152 poster symposiumjoin us at varsity hall, union south for the biology 152 poster symposium, featuring the work of over 500 students. open to the public, session a: 3:00-4:30 and session b: 5:30-7:00pm.december 2, 2024upcoming biology colloquiumsthe biology colloquium is a series of lectures hosted jointly by the botany and integrative biology departments. the fall 2024 biology colloquium takes place on thursdays at 3:30 in birge hall, room b302, unless otherwise noted. view all …september 15, 2024more events posts 
more

 



announcements

call for fall 2025 ta applications will be posted in march.
if you have questions about enrollment (wait lists, swapping sections, course openings, etc.)? please contact nazan gillie, waitlist@zoology.wisc.edu
to enroll in a directed study (199, 299, 699), honors thesis (681, 682), or senior thesis (691, 692) in ibio, please fill out this course authorization form


 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact us145 noland hall
250 n. mills st.
madison, wi 53706

 map
map marker


phone: 608-262-1051

facebook


x twitter


instagram

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: outreach@ibio.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.













