












the leader in smart fleet logistics | xirgo technologies































































skip to content








news from xirgo: balmoral funds acquires xirgo technologies. read more








lietuvoje? apsilankykite mūsų lietuviškoje svetainėje.

































products 

productsa full portfolio of hardware, software and firmware that brings iot data together from multiple sources and delivers it through apis, device management tools or a cloud platform, based on your technical and business requirements.
learn morevideo telematicsget clear visual evidence of what happens in and around your vehicles with connected camera-based technology.
vehicle telematicstap into our telematics to inspire the right actions and empower smarter decisions for your customers.
asset telematicsoptimize performance and maximize control and tracking of high value assets.
telematics softwareour telematics cloud platform provides optimum flexibility to match solutions with needs, all from a single provider.

solutions 

solutionsthe ultimate analytics, devices and software solutions for monitoring driver behavior, vehicle location and diagnostic information.
learn morefleet managementcutting-edge hardware with ai-powered analytics to transform fleet operations.
rental car / fleet managementiot platform offering real-time visibility, enhanced security and streamlined management tools.
smart traileriot platform that provides real-time visibility, cargo protection and operational analytics.
driver safety & monitoringtechnology for proactive risk prevention, intelligent driver assistance and performance optimization.
dealer management and stolen vehicle recoveryadvanced iot tracking and security solutions for protecting and optimizing dealership inventory.
container logisticsiot monitoring solutions that deliver complete visibility and control across the supply chain.

industries 

industriesinnovation and solutions that support the success of every industry, so fleets can benefit from the entire iot ecosystem.
learn moretransportation & logisticscapabilities to support next-level performance — from local to global, long-haul to last mile.
commercial fleet & work truckstelematics that help global companies protect drivers, cut costs and insulate their bottom lines.
warehouse & industrial equipmenttechnology that tracks the flow of goods, processes and people — to, from and within warehouses.
heavy duty & off-roadrugged and reliable solutions that are purpose-built to improve efficiency and productivity.
municipalitiessolutions for everything from street sweepers to sanitation departments to first responders.

partners 

partnersinnovative technology that can adapt to emerging market demands, backed by expertise to help you deliver exceptional value to your customers.
learn moretsps/developersproviding everything you need to ideate, design and embed innovation into applications.
resellershelping you build customer relationships with our fully developed end-to-end service offering.
enterprisexirgo’s modular iot ecosystem is architected specifically for the complexities of global logistics networks.

about 

aboutempowering our partners to increase safety, improve efficiency and maintain real-time control across the entire supply chain.
learn moresmart fleet logisticsthe future of fleet management—not just smarter vehicles, but truly intelligent logistics that help businesses move forward with certainty and purpose.
our storysince the early 2000s, xirgo has transformed from addressing a gap in fleet dash cameras to becoming a global leader in smart fleet logistics. 
leadershipthe executive leadership team at xirgo is composed of industry veterans with deep knowledge and experience and a proven track record of success.
newsas we continue to push the boundaries and make the impossible possible, we’ll share updates here in our newsroom.
cultureat xirgo, we’re not just transforming logistics — we’re redefining what’s possible. let’s move forward together. 
careersif you’re driven by purpose and energized by solving complex challenges, you’ll fit right in.

contact 

 contact

 we’re committed to helping you ensure your customers have the confidence to navigate every mile with peace of mind. let’s start the conversation.
learn more

contact ushave a question, concern or general feedback? send us a message.
locationsworld-class solutions call for worldwide locations. discover ours today.
request a demosee what our comprehensive iot solutions can do for you and your customers.
request a quotesubmit your request today. we’ll provide a formal quote or contact you for more information.
supportour experts are here to provide support, so you can enjoy success every step of the way.










request a demorequest a quote



















search












 










your trusted partner in smart fleet logistics






empowering your business with modular iot ecosystems, ai-driven awareness and an unwavering commitment to your success.







explore solutions



















at xirgo, we know every fleet is unique.






that’s why we design and develop our solutions in-house, ensuring unmatched quality, reliability and flexible customization tailored to your specific needs. from modular iot ecosystems to ai-powered video telematics, we provide the tools that our partners and their customers need to optimize fleet performance and safety while staying ahead of the competition.
go with confidence. go with xirgo.



























explore our solutions






xirgo has flexible, modular solutions for a wide array of applications, giving a 360° real-time view of the entire fleet — keeping you in the know.





















fleet management






learn more





















smart  trailer






learn more





















dealer management & stolen vehicle recovery






learn more





















rental car/fleet management






learn more





















driver safety & monitoring






learn more





















container logistics






learn more





























our technology doesn’t just stop at innovation — it’s built for action. 






with ai-driven analytics, our partners gain real-time visibility into fleet behavior, enabling smarter decisions and improved operational efficiency. xirgo’s solutions are as flexible as your business demands, scaling seamlessly as you grow.
















explore our products






every fleet has a unique set of assets to monitor. whether it is multiple classes of vehicles, trailers, reefers, containers, pallets, industrial equipment or their operators, xirgo has the telematics devices, sensors and systems to make your fleet smarter, safer and more connected.























video telematics



















vehicle telematics



















asset telematics



















telematics software
















the xirgo difference






xirgo is the leader in smart fleet logistics. combining modular lot hardware, ai-powered analytics and unparalleled support, xirgo’s end-to-end solutions can help our partners and their customers achieve new levels of safety, efficiency and sustainability.



















in-house development






precision-engineered for unmatched quality and reliability.

















flexible customization






solutions designed to meet your unique operational challenges.

















ai-driven insights






actionable data to optimize performance and safety.

















partner-centric approach






comprehensive support before, during and after implementation.

















scalable ecosystems






modular solutions that grow as your business evolves.










the future of smart fleet logistics is here.



























more than just a provider, we’re your partner in success.






we offer end-to-end support, collaborating closely to ensure our solutions work harder for you — not the other way around. from initial setup to ongoing optimization, we’re with you every step of the way, helping you unlock new levels of efficiency and profitability.
















ready to transform your fleet?






find out more about how xirgo’s smart fleet logistics technologies can help your fleet run smarter, safer and more effectively.







contact us





















products video telematics vehicle telematics asset telematics telematics softwaresolutions fleet management smart trailer dealer management and stolen vehicle recovery rental car / fleet management driver safety & monitoring container logisticsindustries transportation & logistics commercial fleet & work trucks warehouse & industrial equipment heavy duty & off-road municipalitiespartners tsps/developers resellers enterpriseabout our story smart fleet logistics leadership news culture careerscontact contact us locations request a demo request a quote support




























facebookxlinkedinyoutube








client login
terms
privacy policy
sitemap









 


















this site is registered on wpml.org as a development site. switch to a production site key to remove this banner.

