










earthcore industries: fireplace manufacturer in north america





































































































































skip to content











products

fireplaces accessories, venting & more
outdoor livingresources

brochures installation manuals specifications register your isokern faqs / warranties
videosprojects

residential gallery residential outdoor gallery commercial gallery
about

our process earthcore’s ecosophy who we are
contact

contact us locations
news

news blog
our charitytoggle website search









menu
close





products

fireplaces
accessories, venting & more


outdoor living
resources

brochures
installation manuals
specifications
register your isokern
faqs / warranties


videos
projects

residential gallery
residential outdoor gallery
commercial gallery


about

our process
earthcore’s ecosophy
who we are


contact

contact us
locations


news

news
blog


our charity
toggle website search




 


































we make fire...better 










find out how



















"contribute to a greener world by using isokern materials to contain your fire." - carl spadaro, ceo 















 
website homepage banner slidersslidewebsite homepage banner slidersxventiso bannerwebsite homepage banner slidersisoflames stadiumwebsite homepage banner slidersgreentech banner 
















fireplaces, outdoor kitchens, pizza ovens and more 



earthcore is the exclusive manufacturer of isokern brand products in north america. over the last 35 years, we have proudly perfected the modular masonry fireplace and chimney systems that are featured in homes all across america, making our name, isokern, synonymous with quality, versatility, and reliability. 
what sets the isokern products apart is the proprietary icelandic pumice we source and utilize for our manufacturing process. we have taken that concept even further with our line-up of outdoor products that include the iso-ven wood burning pizza oven and isopanel outdoor kitchen system. 
here’s to more quality time both indoors and outdoors! 






contact us











 



earthcore's ecosophy 



since 1989, earthcore continues to create and deliver earth-friendly products utilizing volcanic stone from iceland’s mt. hekla. our clean, pure pumice is free of volatile organic (inert) components and dates back to over 6000 years, which is relatively young compared to other volcanic materials extracted around the globe. this exclusive pumice is lightweight and refractive (meaning fire-resistant), making all our products highly insulating, safe and affordable. 






learn more



















 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

















 

















the standard seriesavailable sizes: 36, 42, 46
the first isokern fireplace introduced in the united states, the standard series has a modular construction that encourages creativity and uniqueness.learn more >the vent free seriesavailable sizes: 36, 42, 46, 60, 72
the vent free series is the perfect heating solution for any multi-family home, new home, remodeling project or outdoor concept. learn more > 













the magnum seriesavailable sizes: 28, 36, 42, 48, 60, 72
the magnum series offers wood or gas burning fireplace solutions with the largest openings available on the market. learn more >the bvetto seriesavailable sizes: 36, 46
as the first and only field assembled gas appliance fireplace, the bvetto gas fireplace offers the largest  available opening heights in the industry of 52”.  learn more >the maximus linear seriesavailable sizes: 48, 72, 96, 120
new to the isokern fireplace line-up is the maximus linear fireplace. choose an open front or glass front fireplace and finish it off with your choice of colored glass media. learn more > 













the magnum+ seriesavailable sizes: 84, 96, 108, 120
boasting widths up to 10 feet and finished opening height of 44”, this fireplace is the largest ul listed fireplace on the market. learn more >the maximus linear seriesavailable sizes: 48, 72, 96, 120
new to the isokern fireplace line-up is the maximus linear fireplace. choose an open front or glass front fireplace and finish it off with your choice of colored glass media.learn more >find your perfect isokerncustomise your isokern fireplace to your liking, we pride ourselves on truly understanding our customers requirements!
contact us directly if you can't see what you're looking for here.contact us > 



















 









 









 









 









 









 
















our story 



our process with pumice 






find out how












 





 







check out more of our videos >>


























earn aia ceu credits with isokern 



earn your firm’s aia ceu credits by taking our course on ‘how to specify a fireplace’. not only will you gain your certification credits, but you’ll also be armed with extensive knowledge for your next fireplace project. 






sign up now!



























 











 









 









 









 









 

















 



 


























 










earthcore headquarters  jacksonville, fl










manufacturing & innovation lab  chesapeake, va










1-800-642-2920










terms & conditions




privacy policy




order agreement terms & conditions































solution centers






atlanta, gaaustin, txcamarillo, cacharlotte, nccorona, cadallas, txhouston, txphoenix, az 




























products




resources




videos




projects




news




about




contact















earthcore industries, llc manufactures isokern fireplaces and chimney systems, isopanel modular kitchens, iso’ven wood burning ovens and isoflames solutions. using only the finest building materials, earthcore’s reputation for innovation and superior quality make us the leader in the custom fireplace and outdoor kitchen category. proud to be the #1 choice among architects, designers and builders since 1989. 












				copyright 2025 - earthcore industries 











search this website

type then hit enter to search




 








 









  office closure - presidents day 











our offices will be closed monday, 2/17 in observance of the holiday. we will resume with normal business hours on tuesday, 2/18.  
















 





❆ happy ❆ 



holidays 







office closures 



all earthcore offices will be closed  tuesday, 12/24 –  wednesday, 1/1. our offices will resume with normal business hours thursday, 1/2. 
thank you and happy holidays! 















 









labor day 2024 











									earthcore offices will be closed monday, september 2nd, in observance of the holiday. we will resume with normal business hours on tuesday, september 3rd.								
























































