














starlight film group

















starlightfilmgroup.com













from the starlight film group's signature seriescirca 1998 - 2007

starlight home entertainment distributed independent films and documentaries. this website was created to promote their films for distribution between approximately 1998-2007. eventually starlightfilmgroup.com's domain registration expired  and the site disappeared from the web. if you were a fan of starlight home entertainment films, this page, reconstructed from the site's achieved pages, should bring back found memories.
~~~~~
my girlfriend really enjoys reruns of "girls behaving badly" (2002). in fact just recently we were watching an episode of this hidden-camera show that's part "sex and the city" and part "candid camera." if you are not familiar with the show "girls behaving badly" features a group of wacky actress-comediennes who pull pranks on unsuspecting victims (usually men). every reaction is caught on tape for the audience to enjoy. we were laughing so hard at one point in the show that i spilled red wine on our oriental rug. it cost me $400 to get that rug cleaned and that stain removed. but at least the accident occurred while we were laughing. a similar accident happened this past year while we were holed up at my folks country house in delaware. new york city was just too much with the ambulance sirens sounding day and night and the long lines at the grocery stores with every one masked and frightened, plus the daily news of more and more people dying and the bodies kept in refrigerated trucks since the funeral homes were overwhelmed. too much...way too much so we took off to delaware. and boy am i glad we did. both of us were able to work remotely so at least we had some money coming in. one of the great things living in delaware is that you can legally gamble at online casinos. true it's a bit limited. delaware offers online poker even though all other forms of gambling are legally relegated to in-person wagering only. and delaware is home to three state-sanctioned casino sites operated by the local land-based gambling establishments: delaware park online (delaware park), dover downs online gaming (dover downs), and harrington online (harrington raceway). i suppose i should be grateful for that. however it means that offshore casinos, poker rooms, and sports books are prohibited from offering services to people who live in this state. that's a bummer. if we had traveled to california where my sister lives we would have been able to legally gamble at the online casino, bovada. but we were in delaware instead. we finally returned to nyc after the initial panic died down.

i happen to do the graphics for an online casino affiliate site called online-casino-party.co, they have a number of online casinos that feature slots for us players. all the featured online casino sites on the site accept us players, but when i tried to sign up in new york state, i was blocked.

update: new york did legalized online sports betting. sportsbooks started taking action on jan. 8, 2022. however, the state legislature attempted to legalize online casinos and online poker play in 2022, but we are still waiting. at least i can play the demo slot games without the fear of losing any. of course if you win in a demo slot game you can't collect any money
let me say that the next time we watch a rerun of an episode of girls behaving badly, i am going to be way more careful.
~~~~~
"the success of the starlight film group distribution arm attracted our attention as documentary producers. realizing that they were primarily focused on features for a specific demographic meant that our prospects were not very good. but i secured a meeting with brian meltzer of sfg who seemed genuinely interested in our film focused on the medical waste management industry in new jersey. turns out that brian had first hand experience with an issue at the heart of the goals of the industry when his father's farm discovered syringes and other medical waste being dumped on his property, contaminating a local stream. the publicity generated by this discovery propelled the nj legislature to more strictly enforce the regulations governing proper disposal of bio-hazardous waste. our film told that story. there are medical waste disposal services that operate within those guidelines and their story is also part of our film. one good example is a medical waste company where we were able to interview a number of employees. in our film we reviewed the content of their website and revealed how far the industry has progressed since the discovery of the illegally dumped waste. although sfg could not directly distribute our documentary, we were referred to the company that ultimately handled our film, so our effort did indeed pay off." jonathan darby
 
perhaps some of these titles will inspire you to check out some of these movies again. enjoy your nostalgic adventure.
 



 
dangerous child
• delta burke (tv's "designing women", what women want)
• ryan merriman (the deep end of the ocean)
available: now!

order it on dvd from amazon.com
order it on vhs from amazon.com

sally chapman, a divorced mother repeatedly covers for her son's outbursts and disturbing acts of violence. by doing so, she unknowingly sets herself up as the abuser. it's not until she witnesses the hate in her son's eyes and the fury of his punches that she begins to fear for her life. petrified by his unpredictable rages, sally desperately seeks help from anyone who can intervene. what she finds is that there's no place to turn when it is the child inflicting the abuse upon the parent. her nightmare is complete when she ends up in jail and her son is sent to the hospital after attacking her. will sally finally reveal the truth about her son... in order to stop her teenager from harming others?
drama. not rated. 91 minutes.
***
just ask my children
• virginia madsen (candyman, dune)
• jeffrey nordling (tv's "once and again")
available: now!

order it on dvd from amazon.com
order it on vhs from amazon.com

a picture-perfect family finds itself in a harrowing nightmare when false molestation hysteria hits their quiet suburb in this tragic tale.
brenda and scott kniffen are accused of child molestation and physical abuse. without a shred of evidence, the authorities arrest them and take their two young sons into protective custody. through relentless badgering, the impressionable children are coerced into testifying against their parents. after an agonizing nine-month trial, the kniffen's are sentenced to life imprisonment for crimes they did not commit. finally after 12 years, the truth of the case is finally revealed and the original verdict is reversed. the kniffen's are freed from prison, the family is reunited, but irreparable damage has already occurred by a justice system out of control. based on a true story.
drama. not rated. 91 minutes.
***
another woman's husband
• gail o'grady (tv's "nypd blue")
• lisa rinna (tv's "melrose place")
available: now!

rent it on dvd from netflix
buy it on dvd from amazon.com
buy it on vhs from amazon.com

twenty-five years after she witnesses her brother's drowning death, and despite her successful career as a psychologist, laurel (lisa rinna) turns to a local swimming instructor for help in conquering her paralyzing fear of the water. for susan (gail o'grady), the pool is her salvation, the only place she's ever felt confident and successful.
as susan helps laurel tackle her phobia, the two begin developing a bond. as the student learns to swim, the teacher learns to confront her own lifetime of troubles. the two share a special friendship created by trust and openness. they experience the ultimate test in friendship when they find out that they also share something else: the same man. based on a true story.
***
invisible child
rita wilson (that thing you do, sleepless in seattle)
• victor garber (tv's "alias", legally blonde)
available: now!
• order it on dvd from amazon.com
• order it on vhs from amazon.com
annie (rita wilson) is the perfect wife and loving mother of two children, who believes she has a third child named maggie… only maggie does not exist! her husband tom (victor garber), hires gillian (tushka bergen) to become their nanny. the whole family has played along with annie’s delusion for years, hoping it would pass. gillian is asked to do the same. months later, gillian decides to try and help annie and does some research on her own. unintentionally, she alerts authorities who launch an investigation. will she be responsible for having annie institutionalized, and taken from her family... a family that gillian has grown to love?
drama. not rated. 93 minutes.
 ***
taking back our town 
• laura innes (tv's "e.r.")
• ruby dee (a raisin in the sun, jungle fever)
available: now!

order it on dvd from amazon.com
order it on vhs from amazon.com

pat melancon (laura innes), a housewife, and emelda west (ruby dee), an elderly woman, have complained for years about the health hazards posed by their town’s industrial plants. they learn that an international conglomerate plans to build another plant and they are outraged. a town meeting is called. at the meeting, plant executives deny health problems, emphasize new jobs, and receive the town’s support. the relentless women petition hundreds of organizations for help. requests are denied. in an effort to fight for what they believe, the two women continue their efforts at the risk of destroying their own personal lives. will the town learn the truth about the hazards that are making their people sick... before it’s too late? based on a true story.
drama. not rated. 92 minutes.
***

 
nadine in date land
available: tuesday, february 13, 2007
$14.99
nadine (janeane garofalo), a quirky entrepreneur, owns a dating service that is failing. she realizes that getting a date isn't the hard part, but getting through the date is. she decides that what singles really need is a dating "coach." nadine develops a "fool-proof" dating guide that will guarantee anyone love. but, in order to be credible and save her business she must become her own client and win the love of one of the city's most eligible bachelors.
the trouble is... she too has been unlucky in love. but...nadine is determined to prove her faith in her new manifesto as she embarks on a mission of extreme dating and using any means necessary to get her man.
run time: approx. 90 minutes
***
mo'nique's f.a.t. chance 1 & 2
available: tuesday, february 06, 2007
$19.99
mo'nique ("the parkers") is on a quest to find large, fabulous, american women who are ready to show the world they have what it takes to become beauty queens. after a country wide search, 10 women were selected, flown to los angeles, and given special classes to compete in "mo'nique's fat chance" pageant. celebrity judges, including nba great shaquille o'neal and plus-size supermodel, mia tyler, evaluate them on a beauty, style, poise, personality and overall transformation. ultimately, only one woman can be crowned ms. f.a.t.
(that's fabulous and thick!) in each competition.
bonus features: trailer / over 30 personal internet vlogs from mo'nique / tv spots: exclusive casting highlights / the movement mission statement / the miss f.a.t. anthem
run time: approx. 180 minutes
***
girls behaving badly: volume one
available: tuesday, december 26, 2006
$19.99
tag along with oxygen network's #1 hidden camera show "girls behaving badly" as they pull outrageous pranks on unsuspecting victims, boldly blurring the line between laughing with someone and laughing at someone. an outrageous hidden camera show with a distinctive feminine view. part "sex in the city" and part "candid camera!" stars chelsea handler ("the chelsea handler show") and shondrella avery (napoleon dynamite).
bonus features: 9 high risk pranks, celebrity bios
run time: approx. 278 minutes
***
romancing the bride
available: tuesday, february 6, 2007
$14.99
romancing the bride is an outrageous romantic comedy about what happens when a bride with a perfectly planned wedding wakes up married to a perfect stranger twenty-four hours before her wedding. melissa has traveled to mexico for her perfectly planned dream wedding. two days before the wedding she wakes up in bed, in a strange hotel room, next to an incredibly hot local named carlos who tells her that they married each other the previous evening. she had been drinking and now has no memory of the night before. melissa and carlos embark on a 24 hour adventure to annul this mistake marriage so she can get to her original, perfectly planned wedding on time. can she do it without anyone noticing?... and what about love-struck carlos who is always getting in the way? stars: laura prepon ("that '70s show"), matt cedeno ("days of our lives") and carrie fisher (star wars).
run time: approx. 90 minutes
+++
imdb list of films distributed by the starlight film group
 
bad (2007) ... distributor (2008) (usa) (dvd)
romancing the bride (2005) (tv) ... distributor (2007) (worldwide) (dvd)
the wheels on the bus video: mango helps the moon mouse (2005) (v) ... distributor (2005) (usa) (dvd)
"science of the bible" (2005) ... distributor (2006) (usa) (dvd)
mo'nique's fat chance (2005) (tv) ... distributor (2007) (usa) (dvd)
nadine in date land (2005) (tv) ... distributor (2007) (worldwide) (dvd)
ron white, jeff foxworthy & bill engvall: live from las vegas! (2005) (v) ... distributor (2005) (usa) (dvd)
davey & goliath's snowboard christmas (2004) (tv) ... distributor (2005) (usa) (dvd)
bzots: gotta get a gig (2004) (v) ... distributor (2004) (usa) (dvd)
"the fairytaler" (2004) ... distributor (2005) (usa) (dvd)
bzots: escape a go-go! (2004) (v) ... distributor (2004) (usa) (dvd)
the wheels on the bus video: mango and papaya's animal adventures (2003) (v) ... distributor (2004) (worldwide) (dvd)
fish without a bicycle (2003) ... distributor (2005) (usa) (dvd)
scent of danger (2002) (tv) ... distributor (2004) (usa) (dvd)
"girls behaving badly" (2002) ... distributor (2006) (worldwide) (dvd)
crossing the line (2002) (tv) ... distributor
video voyeur: the susan wilson story (2002) (tv) ... distributor
the rendering (2002) (tv) ... distributor, distributor (2004) (usa) (dvd)
taking back our town (2001) (tv) ... distributor
the wedding dress (2001) (tv) ... distributor (usa) (dvd)
just ask my children (2001) (tv) ... distributor
dangerous child (2001) (tv) ... distributor
snap decision (2001) (tv) ... distributor (2002) (usa) (dvd)
the familiar stranger (2001) (tv) ... distributor
a mother's fight for justice (2001) (tv) ... distributor (2002) (usa) (dvd)
range of motion (2000) (tv) ... distributor
when andrew came home (2000) (tv) ... distributor
jeff foxworthy's comedy classics (2000) (v) ... distributor (2006) (usa) (dvd)
the truth about jane (2000) (tv) ... distributor
out of sync (2000) (tv) ... distributor
an american daughter (2000) (tv) ... distributor
sex & mrs. x (2000) (tv) ... distributor
another woman's husband (2000) (tv) ... distributor
where the truth lies (1999) (tv) ... distributor
the price of a broken heart (1999) (tv) ... distributor
invisible child (1999) (tv) ... distributor
final justice (1998) (tv) ... distributor
prison of secrets (1997) (tv) ... distributor (????) (usa) (dvd)
the abduction (1996) (tv) ... distributor
"davey and goliath: christmas lost and found" (1965) ... distributor (2005) (usa) (dvd) (davey and goliath, volume 3)
"davey and goliath" (1960) ... distributor (2005) (usa) (dvd)

starlightfilmgroup.com












