








electronics cooling | electronics cooling






















































































sponsor



electronics coolingfocused on thermal management, tims, fans, heat sinks, cfd software, leds/lightingfacebooklinkedintwitteryoutube

articles
technologies

blowers / fans / filters
cfd software
design
heat sinks
led / lighting
liquid cooling
tims
test & measurement
thermal imaging
more…

ceramics
coolers
enclosures
free/forced air cooling
heat exchanger
heat pipes
materials, compounds, adhesives, substrates
plastics
refrigeration
semiconductor
software/modeling




markets

aerospace
automotive
communications
computer
consumer
data centers
defense
industrial
it products
medical
power
research
tecs


news

industry updates
products


resources

thermal resources
events
standards


digital publications
thermal live
subscribe
advertise


sponsor







featured digital guides





2024 winter issue

download





2024 fall issue

download





2024 summer issue

download





2024 spring issue

download





2023 fall issue

download





2023 summer issue

download





2023 spring issue

download





2023 winter issue

download





click here for more digital guides and past issues!





what’s new




speag combines cmx500 obt with the dasy83d system for automated sar testing of 5g nr devices





munich, february 10, 2025 speag and rohde & schwarz expand their long-term collaboration with the combination of the cmx500 wideband radio communication tester with the dasy83d utilising the enhanced dasy8 application programming interface. this combination allows manufacturers of wireless devices […]
choosing the right liquid cooling quick disconnects — key considerations for optimal thermal management





by cameron koller, marketing development manager, parker hannifin quick coupling division as technology evolves, one challenge remains constant: heat. servers, supercomputers, and data centers generate massive amounts of heat, with power densities often reaching 10 to 20 kilowatts per rack […]
augmenting development of electronics cooling technologies with machine learning tools – a heat pipe system example





the traditional pathway for development of thermal management technologies for electronics has been to analyze using heat transfer theory augmented by computational tools such as finite difference or finite element methods, cfd tools, or thermal management system simulation tools, sometimes […]
tech brief: environmental effects on thermocouples





when selecting a sensor, one should consider whether the environment in which it is to be used will cause a measurement error. as part of this series on thermocouples, this article discusses a few environmental effects that can alter the […]
hydraulic and thermal characteristics of a double-sided cold plate – part 2





tesla tear down, cfd validation, and machine learning to determine the performance limit this study investigates the hydraulic and thermal characteristics of the tesla autopilot hw2.5 model 3 y, which features a double-sided cold plate with pcbs attached on both […]
simulation of solder fatigue effects on typical bga package due to material and temperature variations – part 1





abstract  the past two decades have seen many approaches to solder fatigue and solder joint life published. this subject has proved difficult as various failure mechanisms are proposed and examined. while these theoretical bases are discussed, it often leaves the […]





more …





featured technologies





heat sinks
sponsored by

more articles …





liquid cooling
sponsored by

more articles …





cfd software
sponsored by

more articles …



subscribe






























              please also send me advertising information
            













          i understand that by providing my email address, my information will be shared with the publisher (lectrix) and i will receive email communication from electronics cooling. i can withdraw my consent by clicking "unsubscribe" from the bottom of any email.
        




        submit
      








 sponsor






recommended reads

application of diamond heat spreaders  for the thermal management of gan devices
tech brief: radiation basics: when does it matter?
the better box model



 sponsor




events
current monthfebruary
26feb11:00 am11:45 amthe abc’s of quick disconnects in liquid cooling applications
event detailsthe abcs of quick disconnects in liquid cooling applications webinar brings together expertise, practical insights, and innovative solutions for design engineers tackling the challenges of modern liquid cooling systems. led


event details

the abcs of quick disconnects in liquid cooling applications webinar brings together expertise, practical insights, and innovative solutions for design engineers tackling the challenges of modern liquid cooling systems. led by cpc experts emma miller and natalie shea, this session delves into the critical components of optimizing liquid cooling loops and safeguarding sensitive equipment.

a guided exploration: learn how to protect your systems from leaks and inefficiencies by selecting the right quick disconnects.
expert insights: hear directly from industry leaders who specialize in coupling design and advanced cooling solutions.
real-world applications: discover practical strategies to boost performance and efficiency in high-demand environments.

whether you’re looking to solve specific challenges or elevate your overall design expertise, this webinar offers actionable takeaways you can apply to your current projects.


more







timefebruary 26, 2025 11:00 am - 11:45 am(gmt-05:00)




learn more




calendargooglecal

march
10marall day14semi-therm 41
event detailsexplore cutting-edge topics and applications related to thermal design, such as advanced semiconductor packaging and ai accelerator, chiplet and heterogeneous integration packaging, processors/ics/memory, 2.5d and 3-d packaging, data centers, board/system


event details

explore cutting-edge topics and applications related to thermal design, such as advanced semiconductor packaging and ai accelerator, chiplet and heterogeneous integration packaging, processors/ics/memory, 2.5d and 3-d packaging, data centers, board/system level, portable/consumer/wearable electronics, fluid movers, acoustics, power electronics, solid-state lighting & cooling, advanced materials, measurement methods, modeling & simulation, additive manufacturing, reliability, and more.






timemarch 10, 2025 - march 14, 2025 (all day)(gmt+00:00)



locationdoubletree by hilton san joseother events



learn more




calendargooglecal


16marall day20apec 2025
event detailsthe applied power electronics conference (apec) focuses on the practical and applied aspects of the power electronics business. this is not just a designer’s conference; apec has something of interest


event details

the applied power electronics conference (apec) focuses on the practical and applied aspects of the power electronics business. this is not just a designer’s conference; apec has something of interest for anyone involved in power electronics:

equipment oems that use power supplies and dc-dc converters in their equipment
designers of power supplies, dc-dc converters, motor drives, uninterruptable power supplies, inverters and any other power electronic circuits, equipment and systems
manufacturers and suppliers of components and assemblies used in power electronics
manufacturing, quality and test engineers involved with power electronics equipment
marketing, sales and anyone involved in the business of power electronics
compliance engineers testing and qualifying power electronics equipment or equipment that uses power electronics

to learn more and register please visit our website at: https://apec-conf.org/about/


more







timemarch 16, 2025 - march 20, 2025 (all day)(gmt-05:00)



locationatlanta convention centerother events



learn more




calendargooglecal

 










industry sponsors













 sponsor





sponsor


about us | subscribe | advertise | contribute | contact uscopyright © 2025 lectrix®. all rights reserved.privacy policy | cookie policy 






 
 




x

 




























 


