


academy for ancient texts. ancient texts library.





























academy for ancient texts









homepage
library main
 history worksheets













welcome to the academy for ancient texts
the sole purpose of this
                website is to provide the largest online library of ancient texts in the world. this includes, but is
                not limited to, religious, metaphysical, mythological, philosophical, and historical texts.
currently, there are many websites on the web that contain specialized ancient texts. it is my dream
                that these texts, which are in the public domain, can all be brought together in one place so you, the
                reader, can easily get the material you're seeking. it is a massive undertaking, one that will
                undoubtedly take many years to complete. besides compiling what's readily available, there is still
                much work to be done in translating and transcribing those texts which are still housed in libraries
                such as the s. liddell macgregor matthews library, and l'arsenal de bibliotheque in paris, france.
                we hope to be able to send a team of translators to such places to continue the work, there.
give your child the best  homeschooling
                  onlineâ experience at northgate academy
we have several hundred texts and documents waiting to be coded. there's just a smattering of
                texts, online, at the moment, (about 2,000). many of these texts have been transcribed, scanned, and
                formatted by www.sacred-texts.com as well as many others whose links you will find at the tops of
                various pages. i am extremely thankful that these people have been kind enough to present their work to
                the public for non-commercial use, and to those who have allowed us to use their copyrighted material.â 
              
there are thousands of texts that have yet to be translated or transcribed, and the world is hungry for
                them. go to the library.online middle school program
                from excelâ 
healthcare
                  administration program online at washington tech
flight schoolâ paris, tn









ancient texts

celtic texts
 irish texts
 welsh texts
 chinese texts
 egyptian texts
 ethiopian texts
 greek texts





â 

indian texts
jewish texts
 mesopotamian
 latin texts
 geatish texts
 persian texts
roman texts





â 
â 







â© academy of ancient texts founded june 7 2001 |
        
          the epic of gilgamesh |
      




