








the jewel of the white mountains: maplewood golf club and inn























































































 









2691 main street,
bethlehem, new hampshire  
877-869-3335
book your tee time
grill room menu
 
homeabout ushistorystafffaqsgift cardscontact usgolfbook tee timeratesmembershipgroup inquiriesthe pro shopgift cardscourse mapscorecardupcoming eventsprivate eventsweddingsparties and eventscorporate groupsevent spacesthe innevent and group stay inquirydiningthe grill room menugroups and eventsthings to do 

skip to content



















home
about usexpand


history
staff
faqs
gift cards
contact us


golfexpand


rates
book tee time
membership
group inquiries
the pro shop
gift cards
course map
scorecard
upcoming events


private eventsexpand


weddings
parties and events
corporate groups
event spaces
the inn
event and group stay inquiry


diningexpand


the grill room menu
groups and events


 







book tee time









































 



 

& the inn at maplewood 
							the maplewood golf club 
							












donald ross designed, white mountains defined 



2691 main st., bethlehem, new hampshire 











enjoy a 

cozy stay

with our winter packages





 






learn more about our winter packages here
























golfour 18-hole donald ross-designed championship golf course is coined "the jewel of the white mountains" for good reason. with meticulously manicured fairways and stunning mountain views (as well as a par 6 on hole 16), playing a round at the maplewood is a truly unparalleled experience that epitomizes the beauty and charm of the white mountains.

we welcome groups to stay at our inn and play our scenic course. we’ll work with you to create a custom package that suits your group’s needs, ensuring a memorable golf getaway. 



learn more… 







private events & group accommodationsthe maplewood is the perfect venue for a wide range of events, from intimate gatherings to large-scale celebrations. spring, summer, fall and winter, our versatile spaces accommodate weddings, corporate events, birthday parties, family reunions, group getaways, and more. our attentive staff and customizable amenities make the maplewood the perfect choice for creating unforgettable memories. 



learn more… 







diningthe grill room is now closed for the winter and will reopen in may 2025. 
the grill room offers a full bar and delicious favorites such as cheesesteaks, grilled chicken caesar wraps, crispy french fries, and much more.  



learn more… 


















																		events and gatherings								







																		corporate golf outings								







																		dream weddings								







																		group accommodations								











welcome to your white mountains escape 




the maplewood golf club and inn welcomes you and your group to our historic grounds, where comfort meets the rugged beauty of the white mountains of new hampshire.discover our spacious group hotel accommodations, a donald ross-designed 18-hole championship golf course, unique event venues, attentive staff, and many outdoor activities amidst breathtaking mountain scenery. unwind and create unforgettable memories at the jewel of the white mountains. 












 



mid week memberships 



now accepting 








learn more











 



things to do  



plan your visit 








learn more











 



fall golf 



reserve your tee time 








book now

















 



our winter packages 



reserve your stay 








learn more















 



things to do  



plan your visit 








learn more


















quick links 








 




							gift cards						












 




							book your tee time						












 




							the grill room menu						












 




							upcoming events						












 




							contact us						





















 


@the_maplewood_golf_club_nh 



the jewel of the white mountains 





















 























 






get in touch 



2691 main st.,bethlehem, nh 03574 







 
877-869-3335










facebook-f
 



instagram
 








quick links 






home




contact us




golf




private events




dining




gift cards









join our mailing list 




leave this field empty if you're human:  







thank you to nsn sports, rodeo & co.,  jackie fox, and shaun debold for the use of their video and photography on this website. 







© 2025 maplewood golf club.  all rights reserved. 



web hosting powered by ion group llc 






scroll to top
scroll to top
 































