



rkba.org -- arms rights information



top: 
[ faq
| highlights
| index
| top-action
| home
| search ]
u.s. supreme court destroys two-step review in nysrpa!




for a guide to firearms sites on the internet, see:
the firearms faq





for a guided tour of this site,
check out the
highlights.





to keep up with the latest legislative and firearms rights alerts,
please subscribe to the
firearms-alert mailing list.






research

firearms issues


federal

legislation, contacts


nra

alerts, info


ccw

licensed carry


media

contact info


libertarian

writings, info




comment

defense-minded


judicial

rulings, lawsuits


goa

alerts, info


users

defensive uses


antis

anti-gunners


isil

libertarian pamphlets,
books, newsletters




action

current items


california

state legislation, info


neal knox

online reports


guns

technical issues


orgs

pro-rights


lp

libertarian party info




letters

good samples


sf bay area

local firearms issues


ccrkba

alerts, info


bin

programs


militia

history, info


internet

general info











 rkba.org

 the web





index:
[ topics
| contents
| welcome
| files
| other ]

contents

 topics
 welcome

 ethics of being armed
 how pacifism is unethical
 negative rights vs. positive rights
 "the state has a monopoly on force."
 from frederick the great to hitler: the great man theory

 ls-lr: list of all files
 other issues

 permissions
 file types and names

 table of file types

 file currency
 disclaimer
 web/ftp site no longer at portal

 acknowledgments

welcome!

welcome to my collection of mostly firearms information.
i hope you find this archive useful for educating yourself 
and others about the issues, for writing letters to the editor
and your legislators, and for finding out how to get involved
in defending your freedom.
remember that the battle for our 
freedom is won at the voting booth and in the 
hearts and minds of the undecided.
i also hope that you will
work on election campaigns and get your friends and family
registered and out to vote; this is how to preserve your freedoms.

see action/top-action
for my top firearms-rights action item.  get involved and save
your own firearms rights!  

be sure to check out some of the 
highlights
of my archive.
(includes a link to my guide to internet
firearms information resources.)
use the topics to look around the archive generally; 
there's lots of good stuff. 

i have not built indices for every topic, but with www, 
viewing files is easy so browse around.  hopefully,
descriptive file names and reasonable organization will help
you find things.  if you have questions or comments, 
email me.


ethics of being armed

being armed is being rational.
if two rational people are armed, there is little benefit and great
risk from them committing aggression against each other.
therefore they can obtain mutual benefit best by using 
reasoned persuasion instead.
being armed is being free.
if you are not armed, 
then your continued existence in the face of attack often
depends on someone else who is armed.
like a serf living under a knight or king, samurai or emperor,
you do not own your own life if you can't defend it effectively.
you can not be free if you are not armed.
being armed is being responsible.
the police cannot physically protect everyone,
and they have 
no legal 
liability to do so.  if they did,
then every crime victim could sue the police for failing to
protect them.
the only person truly responsible for your defense is you.
firearms are 
the safest and most effective means of defense.
being defenseless is being irresponsible.
being armed is being ethical.
having the means and ability to defend your life and the lives of those 
around you is ethically superior to 
being helpless to prevent
harm to yourself or others.  
being unarmed is unethical.


how pacifism is unethical

pacifism is often upheld as being ethically superior to self-defense, 
as if forceful resistance to crime or tyranny lowers
oneself to the level of the attacker.
this presupposes that all use of force is equally unethical,
but this is incorrect.
if offensive force is unethical,
then defensive force must be ethical because:

not countering offensive force with defensive force
rewards the attacker, thus encouraging its use.  in the
most extreme case, the defender is left dead and the 
attacker is left alive to profit from the attack, 
spread the behavior,
and generally benefit from the attack.
the game theory, 
economics and logic of this should be 
clear.  it's what has fueled invasions and conquest throughout
the human experience.
if the defender had the opportunity to stop the attacker
but did not, then by her act of omission she has enabled the
attacker to continue his aggressive behavior against others.
in the case of serial murderers, lack of defense may enable
or at least fail to prevent future attacks on others.  in that
way pacifism is culpability for murder.  the same principle
applies to aggressive countries that invade other countries,
i.e., imperialism.
a credible defense discourages attack and therefore favors
and maintains
peace since it raises the costs to an aggressor.  if one
truly values peace, then one should support having a credible 
defense including the potential use of defensive force
in order to counter attacks.
similarly, being defenseless encourages attack and
discourages peace by lowering the obstacles to successful
attack.  if committing aggression is unethical,
then being unprepared or unable to stop it is also unethical.
therefore, pacifism is unethical.

the next time someone claims pacifism is ethically superior, 
explain the above and
ask them why they support crime victimization, murder and imperialism.

p. s. a translation of the ten commandments that says 
"you shall not kill" is incorrect.  
in hebrew, the bible says "you shall not murder."
the two meanings are crucially different.
the latter proscribes attack.  it does not proscribe potentially lethal
defense against attack.

negative rights vs. positive rights

many people seem unaware of important differences between
negative and positive rights.  negative rights are things that
inherently belong to you as a human being
which the government is not allowed to take away from you:
freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, freedom of conscience, 
freedom of the press, freedom
of religion, the right of the people to keep and bear arms,
i.e., the right to preserve life and freedom itself through defense.
positive rights, in contrast, are things the government provides
for you: the right to shelter, the right to food, the right to income,
the right to health care, the right to education.

a common way to differentiate negative from positive rights
is that negative rights belong to you and can't be taken away,
while positive rights require some resources to be (taken away
from someone else in order for them to be) provided for
you.  negative rights don't have a direct cost to the government/collective.
in contrast paying for resources needed to provide for positive rights
could come from the value of resources extracted from the earth, 
taxes that you pay, or
taxes on your time such as forced labor in 
government owned farms or factories under communism or socialism.

negative rights are fundamentally different from positive rights.
negative rights are restrictions on government power.
positive rights are government power exercised as reduction in
everyones' freedom in order to redistribute wealth, e.g., socialism.

under some systems of thought, such as english enlightenment
which underpins america's founding, or most forms of libertarianism
which arguably also underpins america's idealogical origins, positive
rights aren't rights at all since they require using the (threat of)
force of government power to take resources from people
in order to pay for providing those rights.  
it can be argued that such use of force 
is fundamentally incompatible with a free society.
certainly it is incompatible with libertarianism which 
proscribes the initiation of force as unethical.

in practical terms, it's nearly possible to work in some rural or
suburban areas without a personally owned automobile.  does this
mean car repair is a fundamental right?  should you be forced
to pay for my car repairs so that i can work?  to me car repair
is a service that you pay for, just like health care is a service
that you pay for.  i have no right to use the force of government
to take your money to pay for either.  positive rights are no rights
without the threat of force against you.  negative rights,
in restraining government power, do not entail initiating
force against others.  they protect inalienable natural rights you have,
including the right to not have force used against you to pay for
someone else's positive rights.

as a more concrete example, the united nations universal declaration of
human rights mentions both positive and negative rights; it presupposes
socialism.  the bill of rights of the 
constitution of the united states of america
recognizes pre-existing, god-given (natural) negative rights.  
the bill of right is a set of restrictions on government power.
it does not mention any positive rights because they are fundamentally
incompatible with freedom.  



"the state has a monopoly on force."

the concept of a state having a monopoly on coercive force
is sometimes used as a justification for restrictions
on individual ownership of firearms or even individual self-defense.
how is this wrong?


the concept of a state monopoly on force traces mostly
to the 
treaty 
of westphalia, which generally established the
sovereign states that led to modern countries.
the treaty of westphalia also gave only national
governments the right to make war on other countries.  
at the time,
it meant that private armies such as those belonging to
a minor noble lord or warlord could not invade other 
countries; only the national army could do that.
arguably the treaty of westphalia applies to the external
relationships between countries and not to the lives of
individual civilians within a given country.  
(those civilians would be subjects of their monarch,
which doesn't apply to free individuals in a nominally free state such as 
the united states, or arguably in other modern democracies.)
applied to individuals as opposed to countries,
a state monopoly on force is
contrary to both individual sovereignty under the enlightenment,
and natural law.
both are bases for the concept of representative government 
of the united states.
under natural law, individuals have a fundamental right to protect their
lives and property, and under individual sovereignty, individuals 
are inherently free and not subject to or owned by a government or king.
free individuals only allow a government to exist by giving their consent
to be governed.  the government is the servant, and the people are
its masters, not the other way around, as in (political systems 
derived from) monarchies.
even some europeans today don't fully appreciate this difference.
if you're being attacked, you have a natural right to defend your life.  
you don't have to wait for the police to show up before attempting to
stop an immediate threat to life.
that's probably a good thing since the several minutes it can take for
police to arrive is more than enough time for a criminal 
to harm or kill you or your loved ones.

you have a natural right to try to preserve your life.
your life belongs to you, and you are responsible for it.
unlike feudal serfs or slaves,
you are not property belonging to a government or king.
the government 
has no general responsibility to protect your life.
you do.
you can't do that if the state has a monopoly on all force,
including force in defense of self.
you can't do that safely or effectively if the government has
a monopoly on the means of coercive force,
i.e., firearms.
firearms are measurably
the safest and most effective tools of defense against violent crime.

the state does not have a monopoly on force, nor should it,
except in a police state.  ordinary crime happens in police states.
extraordinary crime such as genocide is greatly facilitated by
police states and a state monopoly on force, turned inward upon
its own people and outward on conquered people.
a state monopoly on force is fundamentally incompatible with freedom.
it's also impractical and extremely hazardous.

all of the major genocides of the 20th century were 
executed by governments with an effective and deliberate monopoly on force.
as george mason said in the debates about the u.s. constitution:
"to disarm the people - 
that was the best and most effectual way to enslave them."
as we've seen from the 20th century,
it also turns out to be the most effective way to genocide them.
all the major dictators of the 20th century who murdered tens
of millions of people systematically disarmed them first.



from frederick the great to hitler: 
the great man theory

the occasion was flying into germany for a trade conference.
a left-leaning acquaintance of german-american ancestry
posed the question of how germany went from a
good ruler such as frederick the great to a bad one 
such as hitler in the span of not many generations.  
i didn't have a good answer for her at the time, 
but as a libertarian, the answer should have been more obvious:
putting faith in great leaders 
instead of the people.


by most accounts 
frederick 
the great lived up
to his reputation and was a truly great leader.  when he invaded other
countries, the great warrior personally led his armies, and he shared the
conquered wealth with his people.  he was a very good 
musician, excellent composer of music and talented artist.  
he was tolerant of and protected
minorities such as jews.  he was a scholar of multiple topics.
he significantly supported and advanced education,
the arts, science and engineering,
helping make germany a world leader in them.
he certainly fed into the idea that a "great leader" could
improve the lives of his people and the destiny of his nation.


modern leaders who have created significant improvements for 
their people such as lee kwan yew
of singapore also feed into this idea.
like frederick the great, lee could be considered
a "benevolent dictator."
while it's true that under some circumstances a 
"great leader" can do some remarkably good things, it's also 
true that 
creating a system of government that
concentrates too much power in the 
hands of one person can be dangerous.


if frederick the great in any way led people to putting
their faith in "great leaders," then he may have 
at least indirectly helped pave the way for hitler by planting
the idea that a leader could guide and benefit
a nation and its people from a position of strength and great power.
frederick created a prototype that is seldom filled so well,
but that in contrast has led to mass murder on
unprecedented scales by hitler, stalin, mao, pol pot,
idi amin, and unfortunately many others in the past century.
hitler actively and publically
likened himself to frederick the great,
and took comfort in his writings during the last
days of his life in his bunker under berlin.


the great leader principle is also a premise of the left,
which presupposes that if at least competent leaders and
bureaucrats ran the government and economy,
 for example under communism, 
then things like justice and the economy would work optimally 
and karl marx's promise of paradise would be achieved.
in practice this almost never seems to work out well for the left,
and it's the people who suffer, while the leaders collect riches and 
consolidate power further.


similar arguments are made for more government control 
of our economic and private lives in modern democracies, 
particularly in the left's desire to control the economy
and regulate and restrict private enterprise, but also
in the right's desire to control private lives.
a wise leader and her army of bureaucrats will serve public interests
better than individuals and private organizations can.
they're smarter and know what's best for you better than you do.
it's why they deserve to be in control over your life.  
they are your betters.
they are your deserved masters.


remember thomas jefferson's riddle about representative democracy in his 
first 
inaugural address:

"sometimes it is said that man can not be trusted with the 
government of himself. can he, then, be trusted with the 
government of others? or have we found angels in the forms 
of kings to govern him? let history answer this question."

it seems that history has answered the question prevailingly
and repeatedly in the negative,
but we seem not to have noticed or cared.

the 
foundation for economic education
has a 
scathing 
indictment of the great man theory
and its linkage with growing government power 
via authoritarianism and indeed fascism.



list of all files

ls-lr
recursive listing of all files in my archive (currently about 170k)
  ls-lr.z
unix compress of ls-lr
  ls-lr.gz
gnu zip of ls-lr

other issues
copyrights and permissions

some material here is included with the express permission of 
the author or publisher.  often it is stipulated for non-commercial 
use.  that means do not sell the information here, for example on
a cdrom, unless you contact the publisher or edit each article 
enough to qualify for fair use.  

file types and names

i've rationalized filenames from bbses.  in particular, text 
files end in .txt instead of .ext and other bizarre endings.
wordperfect files end in .wp?  some file names are also 
changed.  for example, gunsall.zip from guntalk bbs is 
rkba-faq.zip.  the contained zipfile is changed from gun.faq
to rkba.faq  i was reluctant to change names because doing 
so de-references them to the original, but i think my names
are much more descriptive.  the contents are not changed.


zip files are compressed in either zip 1.x or zip 2.x format.  
for dos text files see dos2unix and unix2dos unix text file converters.

table of file types

.html world wide web
  .txt dos, ansi, or ascii text
  .dos dos text (cr + lf at end of each line)
  .ps  postscript
  .zip zip archive
  .exe dos executable: program or self-extracting archive
  .z   unix 32-bit lempel-ziv compress
  .uue unix uuencode: binary files represented as text for mailing
  .tar unix tar: from tape archive, but really just an archive file
  .doc plaintext or microsoft word
  .rtf microsoft rich text format: very portable, captures a lot
  .pub windows microsoft publisher
  .pm  pagemaker
  .wp? wordperfect, dos or windows

file currency

note that i do not automatically expire files.  
if you have any updates or corrections, please send them to me.

disclaimer

files here are presented as is.  
i make every reasonable attempt to check and verify information, 
but i cannot guarantee the accuracy of every piece of information.  
it is always wise and
a good practice to independently verify any facts you plan to use.

web/ftp site no longer at portal

there are occasional references in some of the files here
and elsewhere to the web/ftp site when it was at portal.
the portal site no longer exists.  the correct url for this
site is now:  https://rkba.org/

acknowledgments

thanks to dave stine, james a. donald and others for encouraging me 
to check out www several years ago.  thanks also to those
who build and use the web and the 'net, for bringing the world closer to 
freedom and enlightenment.  in practical terms www is a tremendous advance in 
making use of the internet; it's also a tremendous advance in 
making the internet useful to the world.


i hope the information here will encourage you to make your feelings 
known to your representatives, the media and the people around you.
educating the people around you is the only way we're going to keep our rights.

i welcome your comments, questions and suggestions.

jeff chan
(webmaster@rkba.org-nospam)


"no freeman shall ever be debarred the use of arms."

-- thomas jefferson, draft virginia constitution, june 1776


index:
[ topics
| contents
| welcome
| files
| other ]


top:
[ faq
| highlights
| index
| top-action
| home
| search ]

copyright (c) 1996-2003 jeff chan



