



tummy tuck & abdominoplasty information |tuckthattummy.com
























your anatomy
researching the procedure
plastic surgeon information
consultation information
surgery information
road to recovery
general information
contact us










 
why are people getting tummy tuck surgery?
many women decide to have tummy tuck surgery, also called an abdominoplasty, after having lost weight or having had children, or just because aging has left them with a sagging abdomen or a belly that protrudes. many men decide to have a tummy tuck if they feel that their "love handles" have gotten out of hand and they want a flatter, more taut stomach. miami plastic surgeons usually perform abdominoplasty to remove excess skin and restore weakened separated muscles.
a tummy tuck is a common surgical procedure, but it is serious, and you  should be aware of all the  risks involved before having one. if your belly protrudes a bit, you may  not need a tummy tuck. perhaps abdominal liposuction is all you need, or maybe  you can benefit from what is called a mini  tummy tuck. there are several surgical  techniques for abdominoplasty. a tummy tuck is not a one-size-fits-all type  of operation. it is best to consult a plastic surgeon with experience  in tummy tuck to ensure all of your questions are answered before you decide  about a surgical procedure.
i designed this website to help patients educate themselves and learn about their options in abdominoplasty surgery. here you can find the information you need to make an informed decision before getting a tummy tuck, look at tummy tuck before and after photos, and the people on our friendly tummy tuck forum will help support you during the process.
i have personally researched this popular procedure to provide you with all you need to know about tummy tuck surgery. i have presented it in an easy-to-read, friendly manner. i have included every risk and thoroughly explained the benefits of this surgery so that you can talk with your surgeon at your consultation and not just be talked to.
we can assist you in locating a qualified  plastic surgeon, one who is experienced in tummy tuck surgery. qualified  physicians have also checked our content for accuracy. the pages about surgeons  have been indexed in an easy-to-navigate directory that is broken down by state  and city.













contact us


(updated on 03/18/11)
© 2009 - 2015 ceatus media group llc
images and text on this site belong to ceatus media group. copying or reproducing any text or graphics from this website is strictly prohibited by copyright law. please read our copyright infringement policy.




