


cyber-sierra natural resource job search























cyber-sierra's 
natural resources job search
find employment in conservation occupations!
philippians 4:8




























find a job


eeo and you



helping hands



agriculture



environment



forestry



forestry 2



government



gis jobs



natural resources



nonprofits



recruiters



science jobs



summer jobs



water jobs



wildlife jobs



disclaimer



 home
 







fun for all


jean's adventures
    northern california
    for the mobility challenged








gear up


adaptive gear



mobility and you



safety first!



tools & data








other stuff


personal message



library



move



site map











your career in natural resources

for those folks involved in disaster preparedness, we have posted the unofficial oak run wildfire evacuation guide and maps. if you live in a rural mountain area this guide could be modified to suit your own community. become prepared in 2017!

finding employment in natural resource occupations, conservation, ecology and environmental disciplines can be a challenging adventure. competition is stiff, even at the entry level. just like a wolf or a lynx, you'll need endless patience to stalk the perfect job and excellent timing to pounce at the right time. just like the carnivoires, you may not get a second chance. 
we've added a category for disabled job seekers. if you ever get injured, there may be adaptive gear to keep your career on track. safety is often an overlooked topic, too. be sure pass the information along.
yes, good jobs are hard to find. yes, getting hired can be difficult. but 'hard' and 'difficult' aren't the same as impossible (otherwise salmon wouldn't bother swimming upstream). get started and don't quit until you've reached your goal.

site dynamics
career categories are at the left. you should always keep in mind that most environmental jobs websites end up with a mix of listings covering multiple outdoor occupations. i've sorted the links into groups based on the most common types of jobs posted at each web site. you should check related topic categories to do a thorough job search. bookmark the best sites for frequent visits.
links are manually checked. however, the web is always changing. web sites move. domain holders change. if you follow a link and it's not what you expected to find, please e-mail me with details. also, if you want to share a great outdoor job link, let me know.
using employment tools
i've included a personal message, for those that are interested. that's one of the 'perks' of running your own web site!
other topics under other stuff will assist you in calculating moving costs help you to find extra training and locate outdoor equipment you may need on the job.
get started, don't quit! you may be a vegan but you need to hunt like a carnivore when it comes to finding a job. patience, perseverance and determination do pay off! even sloths need to work hard to find food, so no excuses! bees don't sit on the couch and bemoan their fate. time is short - get moving!
 


other announcements
in 2018 cyber-sierra celebrates 21 years online. i've updated the links of the jobs web site.
in family news, my beloved mother, betty haumont campbell died on april 6, 2007. my dear mother-in-law, margaret saffell, passed away in may 13, 2009. the world is a much lonelier place without them.

other sites of interest
for those folks involved in disaster preparedness, we have posted the unofficial oak run wildfire evacuation guide and maps. if you live in a rural mountain area this guide could be modified to suit your own community. become prepared in 2017!
the skills involved in mountain forestry are rapidly becoming lost arts. we hope to have more information on the subject posted soon.


















new: jean's accessible adventures in northern california
use a wheelchair or rolling walker? come explore shasta, siskiyou, modoc, lassen, plumas and trinity counties no matter what your mobility ability!
  














 ...whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is pure,
 whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable - 
if anything is excellent or praiseworthy, think about such things..."   (philippians 4:8)

page location: http://www.cyber-sierra.com/   copyright © cyber-sierra.com





