


























duke children's | duke health




























            skip navigation
        



















          menu
        







search

submit































duke header image link















treatments






our doctors






our locations






855-855-6484

appointments





every day we meet brave children and their families who are in need of hope, answers, and -- above all -- outstanding medical care. we are inspired by their strength and courage and are passionate about our commitment to ensuring our patients and their families receive the best possible care in a warm, child- and family-friendly atmosphere.















best children's hospital in nc



duke children's hospital & health center is consistently named one of the best children’s hospitals in the country and is nationally ranked in 9 pediatric specialties.











high-quality care at duke children's


duke children’s is consistently recognized for delivering the highest quality care to children of all ages. we offer diagnostic, medical, and surgical treatment options, comprehensive well-child care, and the full spectrum of specialty services at locations in durham and raleigh, throughout north carolina, and beyond. we work closely with your family to meet your child's healthcare needs. learn about our mission and values.














call for an appointment



855-855-6484









          well care to specialized care
        


from newborns to young adults, keeping children healthy and treating common pediatric illnesses and concerns is our first step. your family is considered part of the care team, and you are encouraged to work with our doctors and nurses in the development of your child’s treatment plan.















          story text
        



quote link



location text







we also coordinate your child’s care if your child is referred to a specialist or admitted to duke children’s hospital. here we have specialists who are trained and skilled in the needs of patients from neonates through young adulthood. everything is important, from the size of the equipment used to perform tests and procedures, to the team of pediatric specialists who understand the nuances that separate infants and children from adults.
this commitment to your child's specialized care is highlighted by duke children's distinction as a level i children's surgery center by the american college of surgeons and the extracorporeal life support organization platinum award of excellence. these prestigious designations recognize the safe, high-quality care we provide to our young patients.

















thank you for your interest in supporting duke children's.



make a gift
                








          if your child needs surgery
        






learn about surgery at duke children's hospital.
your child's medical teamyour child’s care team may include pediatric specialists from different areas, including board-certified pediatric surgeons, pediatric anesthesiologists, pediatric intensivists, neonatologists, pediatric nurses, and other highly skilled staff. our singular focus is outstanding, thoughtful, and compassionate care of your child without ever losing focus on the entire family.
state-of-the-art pediatric critical careour pediatric intensive care unit (picu), pediatric cardiac intensive care unit (pcicu), and pediatric progressive care unit are equipped with the most advanced technology to meet the needs of children who have serious illnesses or injuries. critical-care specialists and a dedicated team of specially trained critical-care nurses, respiratory therapists, and other healthcare professionals staff these units 24 hours a day, every day of the year.
surgical advanceswe use the latest surgical advances, including minimally invasive surgery techniques to reduce the risk of infection and bleeding and ensure your child has the best possible outcome with the shortest possible recovery time. bloodless surgery, also known as “patient blood management,” is an option for patients who seek safe alternatives to blood transfusion because of religious, medical, or personal concerns.

















                      pediatric voices podcast
                  

the pediatric voices podcast is brought to you by duke children’s. our episodes provide inspiring stories, discuss advances and innovations in children’s health care, and offer important pediatric health care information.



learn more
                


















back to top











duke health home page

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
linkedin



855-855-6484







duke health anti-racism pledge
notice of nondiscrimination
notice of privacy practices
accessibility
price transparency
payment plans and financial assistance
terms and conditions
website privacy policy




duke children's
duke school of medicine
duke school of nursing
duke university




about duke health
careers
contact us
email sign up
giving
newsroom
referring physicians











copyright © 2004-2025 duke university health system













