



jessicashops.com – save on retail, dining, travel and latest products.




 
























































 





 





















contact
sitemap
nav social menuemailfacebookinstagramtwitter
 skip to primary navigation skip to content skip to primary sidebarjessicashops.comsave on retail, dining, travel and latest products.main navigationhome
daily deal
travel
contact
get listed
nav social menuemailfacebookinstagramtwitter








feeling stuck or unmotivated? four actions to try to get out of a rut
have you been feeling lacklustre, unmotivated, and in a rut for weeks? what have you tried to get out of it? likely whatever you’ve done hasn’t worked because you’re reading this article.  avoid sitting still and accepting. that won’t help you at all. change is necessary through actions to shift enough to get out of the rut.… read more










news
deals
contact
here's the dealessential dog car accessories
when it comes to dog accessories, we all know of the bare necessities: collars, leashes, enrichment items, and receptacles for food and water. but, newsflash: there are so ... view postview posthow to start a successful blog
if you are considering starting a blog, there are some things you can do to get off on the right foot and to make it successful. it does not have to be a difficult process, ... view postview posthow your surroundings can inspire productivity
photo by radek grzybowski on unsplash



it’s not unheard of that your physical environment can influence your attitude towards some tasks. and as a result of the unexpected ... view postview postcarpet or wooden flooring? making the right choice for you
choosing the flooring for your home is a personal choice, and what’s right for one family may not be right for another. additionally, both carpet and hardwood floors have ... view postview postimproving your body confidence: 4 top tips
adapt your social media feed



if you spend a lot of time on social media, you may feel bombarded by posts that make you feel insecure. if you aren’t willing to sacrifice the ... view postview posthow to declutter your home in 6 easy steps
decluttering has one big problem: most people start with a surge of motivation and tackle too much at once. then, as that initial motivation dwindles, they’re left with a pile ... view postview post4 of the best beaches in the u.s.
beach trips are one of the most popular forms of vacations in the u.s, and for good reason too. the u.s is home to many great beaches, as it borders both the atlantic and ... view postview post5 tips on saving money when shopping for jewelry﻿
nothing can give your confidence a boost quite like wearing your favorite piece of jewelry. if you love anything that sparkles, you will probably find yourself fighting the ... view postview postnext page »read moreprimary sidebarthanks for visiting!

 


connect
emailfacebookinstagramtwitter
subscribe

first name e-mail address



luxe for less : stay cozy and warm




search
search this website
subscribe
don't miss the deals!

first name last name e-mail address




contact
sitemap
nav social menuemailfacebookinstagramtwitter
copyright © 2025 · jessicashops.com ·


















we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok


