
















british beatles fan club




























































































pages



latest


terms/conditions










































































monday, 9 january 2023







british beatles fan club to closed january 2023





 
it has been a long and winding road, but the time has come
to let it be.
the british beatles fan club will be issuing its last magazine
in january/february 2023.
it has been a difficult decision, but one we need to take.
we are sorry to be finishing but it is not the end.
our facebook page will continue but the magazine has to now
be put to bed. the po box will close on 28th february 2023, but our
email will remain open. after 28th february any queries should be
send to treasurer@britishbeatlesfanclub.co.uk

for just the four of us it has become more difficult for a
number of reasons. ask me why and we would say that brexit has caused a number
of problems for us, resulting in lost memberships we would normally have kept. the
last couple of issues have been later than planned, plus we are now that bit
older and it takes ernie longer to walk to the post office to send the magazine!
(now he’s 64). (lovely rita can only wait so long before giving him a ticket.).
it has been a lot of fun and our journey from humble
beginnings in 2000 has taken us on a magical mystery tour, but the time has
come to say goodnight.
we would like to thank everyone over these 23 years who has
been involved in the magazine, our shop supporters, our printers, our
contributors, our advertisers, and, of course, our members. we have all come
together to make the club what it is.
finally, thanks to john, paul, george and ringo, without
whom……………………………
with our issue 83 due late january/early february any
subscribers who are due a refund of unused membership will be able to apply for
a refund either by pay pal, bank transfer, or merchandise.
for those who want to continue having a magazine, we can
recommend things from the beatles museum in germany, which is printed in german
and english. go to www.beatlesmuseum.net
for more information.
thanks everyone. we send you all peace and love, from us to
you.
remember, all you need is love.
the bbfc team.
craig, michele, sue and ernie.





posted by



michele copp




at

23:13



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



















the trembling wilburys to celebrate george's 80th birthday





top tribute band the trembling wilburys proudly announce a special show at london's camden club on sunday 26th february to celebrate what would have been
george harrison's 80th birthday weekend. the camden club is a 
fantastic new music venue situated opposite the roundhouse in chalk 
farm, london nw1. the venue is all-seated at tables with a full bar and 
food menu also available. doors open at 7.00pm with
 support from host tony moore at 7.45pm, and the wilburys going on 
around 8.15pm for two sets including some of george's best-known beatles
 and solo songs. tickets £15 in advance (+ booking fee) or £18 on the 
door so best to reserve your places on what is expected
 to be a very popular night.




on 26/02/23 at the camden club

72 chalk farm road, london nw1 8an

book tickets here:

https://thecamdenclub.co.uk/events/february-26th-2023/





the trembling wilburys
 is the uk's finest tribute to rock supergroup the traveling wilburys, 
featuring a line-up of top musicians and vocalists who perfectly 
recreate
 the unique sounds & style of the amazing band created in 1988 by 
george harrison, roy orbison, bob dylan, tom petty and jeff lynne.


band members include michael goulding as george harrison; 
andy mcnish as bob dylan and tom petty; dave collison as roy orbison and marko
 laver as jeff lynne, plus lead guitarist dzal martin (terry 
reid/equals); keyboard player steve salvari (central line/chaka khan); 
and
 drummer dave stark (john lennon experience/dave stark five etc).

their superb show features a great mix of traveling wilburys' classics 
such as 'end of the line', 'handle with care' and 'she's my baby', as 
well as solo hits by all five original wilburys plus beatles and elo 
classics, including 'something', 'taxman', 'hold
 on tight' and 'roll over beethoven'. an incredible band which delivers a
 high-octane show of the highest standard, don't miss them. as george himself might have sung, "here
 comes the fun!!"

www.tremblingwilburys.co.uk


www.facebook.com/tremblingwilburys





posted by



michele copp




at

23:02



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, 7 december 2022







the beatles: an illustrated bibliography, from 1955 to 2027





 
the beatles: an
illustrated bibliography, from 1955 to 2027
this is a unique online illustrated bibliography of the
beatles.
with over 2400 entries, the bibliography provides details of
author, book title, publisher, country of publication, date of publication,
format, isbn, for most entries an image of the front cover but some entries
will have more images, in some cases a price guide, and notes about the
publication.
concentrating on books written in english, this is
essentially a list of books relating to the beatles as a group and as solo
artists or written by a member of the group or their wives, lovers, or
children, in chronological order.
this unique online illustrated bibliography of the beatles
can be found at 45worlds.com at https://www.45worlds.com/book/bk_list.php?li=9291
and access is free.
you can join 45worlds for free (and then you won't see those
annoying adverts when you log in as a member!). 
you might even want to add some entries yourself.
created and curated by peter sims (aka jpgr&b), this online
bibliography is an amazing free resource for beatles fans, authors,
researchers, students, and teachers.
about the illustrated bibliography:
melissa davis, author, the beatles bibliography - a
new guide to the literature a superb site and an excellent resource.  sims sets high standards - and hits the mark
every time.
kenneth womack, author, john lennon
1980: the last days in the life
in the evolving history of beatles studies, we are only just
beginning to take the measure and shape of our scholarship.  the beatles: an illustrated bibliography
makes a vital step in this direction.






posted by



michele copp




at

01:32



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, 26 october 2022








beatles day at the workman's club - nov 5 2022





beatles day at the workman’s clubsaturday, november 5th, 20222.00pm – lennon & shotton / jon ward – €10lennon & shotton is a short play about john lennon and his best friend pete shotton. it follows the two teenage boys through their wild years at quarry bank high school in liverpool and is completely based on fact. it will be performed by padraic mcginley and is written and directed by stephen kennedy. the show will also include a set of songs from the beatles played live by jon ward. the show has a total running time of 50 minutes. (stephen kennedy’s beatle plays have been broadcast on the bbc, rte and radio merseyside – and they have been staged in dublin, belfast, liverpool, dundee, berlinand washington dc.)3.00pm – the beatles table quiz – €40 per teamthis hugely popular table quiz returns to the workman’s club on november 5th. it will be hosted by denny and steve from quiz-tastic. there will be an excellent mix of questions and lots of great prizes. more importantly – this quiz is about having fun. even if you’re on your own – come along – and we will find you a team.for more information contact – dublinbeatlesfestival@gmail.com8.00pm – the moondogs / beatles for sale – €22.50the ‘big gig’ this year includes performances from two amazing live bands! the moondogs (uk) last played the dublin beatles festival back in 2013 when they were up-and-coming teenagers. that year they delivered blistering sold-out sets at the workman’s club, and the grand social, and we’ve been hankering to get them back to ireland ever since. and beatles for sale are without doubt one of the best beatle tribute bands ireland has ever produced. they cover all music periods from the beatles and are well known for their attention to detail. both of these bands have played throughout europe, and both have headlined at the cavern club in liverpool during beatleweek. this gig is going to be a lot of fun. bring your dancing shoes.for more information – www.facebook.com/dublinbeatlesfestivaltickets on sale at – www.eventbrite.ie





posted by



michele copp




at

22:19



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
fests













older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















pages














































c. british beatles fan club. simple theme. powered by blogger.



























