



















home | ben & jerry’s
















































skip to main content
skip to footer




ice cream flavorsour flavorsice cream pintsnon-dairy pintscertified gluten-free flavorschocolatey love a-faircookie dough chunkscores ice cream pintsdoggie dessertsmini cupsscoop-apaloozascoop shop flavorssundaestoppedice cream recipesflavor graveyardallergenswhere to buyoverviewgrocery in-store/delivery + instant deliveryscoop shops & catering near mescoop shop deliveryshops & cateringoverviewour menuice cream cateringice cream cakesice cream takeoutgift cardsflavor fanaticsfree cone dayfind a scoop shopactivismoverviewhow we do businessissues we care aboutour progressive valuesabout usoverviewhow we're structuredfactory tourhow we make ice creamflavor gurusb corpwhere we do businessjobsopen a franchiseour k9-5erspresssear reportsterms of useprivacy noticewhat's newcontact usclose menu



















							search our website








							suggestions are available when 3 or more characters are entered. when results are available use the up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.









					search





















							search our website








							suggestions are available when 3 or more characters are entered. when results are available use the up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.









					search






















new chocolate covered strawberry limited batch!
fall bowl-over-spoons in love with our newest limited batch pint! with strawberry ice cream, strawberry jam swirls, and decadent fudge flakes, it's a date night in a pint — no date required.


get the scoop


where to buy








get ice cream
find your closest retailer or delivery partner today.

get ice cream










shops & catering
find your favorite flavors at a scoop shop near you.

find shops & catering










get involved
we build awareness and support for the social & environmental issues that we feel strongly about. find out how you can help.


learn more about our values




top stories














			february 6, 2025
what flavor should we make next?
think you have the next great ben & jerry’s flavor up your sleeve? tell us about it! submit your flavor suggestion now and we’ll send it right to our flavor gurus.


			read more













			february 3, 2025
3 ways to celebrate valentine’s day at the scoop shop
love is in the air! scoop up a sweet date with your special someone this valentine’s day — we have 3 delicious ideas.


			read more













			december 20, 2024
top 10 ben & jerry's flavors of 2024
we crunched the numbers, and these are the top 10 ben & jerry’s flavors that fans scooped up in 2024! is your favorite on the list?


			read more















ben & jerry’s new instant delivery!
go ahead, give it a swirl...



order now
✕







we love making ice cream - but using our business to make the world a better place gives our work its meaning






thoughtful ingredients
our ingredients support positive change and make our ice cream taste sensational!


				product sourcing






shared success
we aim to create prosperity for everyone that's connected to our business.


				our mission & values






making a difference
we build awareness and support for the activism causes we feel strongly about.


				issues we care about











it's like dessert for your inbox
sign up for our email newsletter & get the inside scoop!





enter your email address






connect with us!!

send us feedback
unsubscribe

follow us

















more info

what's new
about us
how we do business
factory tours
press
jobs







united states




				australia



				austria



				belgium



				brazil



				canada



				czech republic



				denmark



				finland



				france



				germany



				greece



				ireland



				italy



				mexico



				netherlands



				norway



				new zealand



				poland



				portugal



				puerto rico



				singapore



				south korea



				spain



				sweden



				switzerland



				thailand



				united kingdom



				united states


accessibilitycontact usfranchisepressjobsterms of useprivacy noticesitemapdo not sell or share my personal informationconsumer health data privacy policylimit use of my sensitive personal information
     ©2025 ben & jerry's homemade, inc. this website is directed only to the u.s. consumers for products and services of ben & jerry's homemade, inc. this website is not directed to consumers outside of the u.s.














