




































homepage | best care employee assistance program | omaha, nebraska













skip to main content










methodist health system




toggle menu





search methodist health system





our services


events


training


resource hub


get a quote


member portal




bestcare.org


about us


forms


contact us



toggle site search
























        experienced. accessible. responsive.
      

        empower your business with our dedicated support for employee mental health and well-being. 
partner with us to create a thriving, resilient workforce.
      



























member access
you'll need your company-specific code and password to log in. please contact your hr department if you don't know your code and password.


member log in
          



































counseling appointments
to request an appointment with a counselor, please complete the confidential counseling registration form. if you have issues completing the form, please call our office at (402) 354-8000 or (800) 801-4182, and we’ll be happy to help.


confidential counseling registration form
          












is your business looking for an eap? best care's impact is indispensable mental health challenges in the workplace are more prevalent than ever and best care eap’s services are being utilized by members and their eligible dependents at an unprecedented rate. our average counseling utilization rate is 7.6% compared to the national average of 3 to 5%.clients seeking short-term counseling with our counselors often receive resolution within three to four visits. this positive impact makes best care eap’s comprehensive program indispensable. as your partner, we want you to know that we genuinely care about the well-being of your workforce. when employees receive the mental health solutions they want, program utilization soars, your workforce is productive and the investment you made becomes more than valuable. (*information below is based on 2023 analytics)








    33%
  

percentage of our members engaged with a best care eap service*




    64%
  

percentage of our members who prefer in-person counseling with our team*




    15%
  

percentage of eligible dependents who used best care eap services in 2023* 









request a quote

best care eap offers a variety of products and services to organizations of all sizes. to learn more or get a customized quote, tell us more about you and your organization's needs. 

get a quote
          










find the right mix of mental health and well-being services for your employees.

for more than 40 years, we’ve been delivering comprehensive eap services and unparalleled customer service.










              counseling
              

 

our licensed counselors are available to support employees by phone, online or face-to-face in a safe, private environment.




              onsite support
              

 

our trained responders provide timely critical incident response services.




              training
              

 

with more than 70 training programs available, participants have the chance to build on their existing skills and enhance professional attributes. 




              hr and managers
              

 

best care eap provides hr staff and managers the tools to make your jobs easier.




              monthly events
              

 

get involved with best care eap by registering for one of our monthly events.

view all services
          










what our clients say about best care eap











      best care eap is an amazing program and the best eap i've ever worked with as an hr professional. it's a top notch, excellent program with amazing team members to support organizations or companies and their employees.
    




sandra washa, sphr, shrm-scp
hr partner























sign up to receive the best care eap compass newsletter



newsletter sign up

















methodist health system




address:

                                                  9239 w. center road
suite 201
omaha, ne 68124
                                  
                                


phone:

(402) 354-8000 (800) 801-4182 


social:




linkedin
 











about us




who we are


our staff


contact us


resource hub


upcoming events








our services




coaching


counseling


dependent care


hr and managers


legal and financial


onsite support


training and organizational development








quick links




affiliates


emergency situations


forms


get a quote


nebraska licensee assistance program








              © copyright 2025 methodist health system
            


disclaimer


hipaa / privacy


language assistance


non discrimination notice











install app





