







victory lane karting

































































































cart
















0






sign in
my account




















go karting


              pit road bar & grill (prbg)
            

            krazy darts
          

            axe throwing
          

            escape rooms
          

            virtual reality
          

              arcade
            



              home
            

            all pricing
          

            event calendar
          

              private/corporate events
            

            bookings
          

            shop
          

            gift cards
          

            gallery
          

            faqs
          





back


              prices and hours
            

              register online
            

              parental waiver
            

              youth programs
            

              racing leagues
            

            racing rules
          

              live scores
            









































sign in
my account








































cart
















0












go karting

prices and hours
register online
parental waiver
youth programs
racing leagues
racing rules
live scores

pit road bar & grill (prbg)krazy dartsaxe throwingescape roomsvirtual realityarcade











homeall pricingevent calendarprivate/corporate eventsbookingsshopgift cardsgalleryfaqs









scroll






 





































 














victory lane indoor karting



current hours:monday - thursday:11am-10pmfriday:11am-12am (midnight)saturday:10am-12am (midnight)sunday:10am - 7pm*please check our calendar for special events, public walk-in times and holiday hours. 



address:2330 tipton dr. ste. 100charlotte, nc 28206phone:704-377-fast704-373-9740



go-karting. bar & grill. arcade. krazy darts. axe throwing. virtual reality. escape rooms. event space.victory lane karting is your place for go karting in charlotte, north carolina. if you are looking for a uniquely fun and affordable adventure in motorsports, kart racing at victory lane indoor karting is the answer. our racing karts are specially designed for competition, have extremely responsive handling and quick acceleration comparable to an expensive racing vehicle.  at victory lane karting, we have more than go karting! grab a bite at our restaurant pit road bar & grill, throw a few bullseyes in the axe throwing and kill a couple of zombies in our virtual reality. throw a few darts at an interactive, scorekeeping, dart board! try escaping our haunted mansion or wizards escape rooms! you can also be the kid that you are and play in the amazing arcade! your place to race. your place to eat. your place to play!


   























































































race prices 

 

a membership is required in order to race.membership - valid for one year from the date of purchase. $10.00each driver is required to have a membership. includes coupon for 1 free birthday race. - coupon is emailed the 1st day of your birthday month. free birthday race is not available on same day of purchase. must have valid email address and in person to redeem.walk-in racing is ‘arrive and drive’. it is based on first come first serve. we do recommend calling ahead for track availability. open racing only.all races are 8 minutes long.  all racing packages are sold per person, and not to be transferred between drivers.**any transactions for purchasing memberships, races or birthday races must be done in person.***frequently asked questions











 

race specialsrace specials are subject to change during the holidays. please check our calendar for details.

 









 

all race specials are ‘walk-in’ specials. all transactions must be handled in person and not over the phone. all racing packages are sold per person, and not to be transferred between drivers.please check our calendar to make sure the racing specials are valid on the day you are coming in. 










have id ready. government issued id required, for anyone over the age of 18, in order to race.(examples: driver’s license, basic id, passport. *does not have to be a us id/passport)
























































































welcome



location & hours



facilities



race prices



vlk events










victory lane karting2330 tipton dr. ste. 100, charlotte, nc 28206 | phone:704-377-fast



















































































































































































victory lane indoor karting
2330 tipton dr. suite 100,
charlotte, nc, 28206,
united states
7043739740
info@victorylanekarting.com


hours
mon 11am - 10pm
tue 11am - 10pm
wed 11am - 10pm
thu 11am - 10pm
fri 11am - 12am
sat 10am - 12am
sun 10am - 7pm 




homeprices and hoursemploymentsponsorshipparental consent formterms and conditionsfaqsour teamcontact










