ï»¿




interstate lift and equipment company, inc. homepage



























home
craftmanship
knowledge
contact




interstate lift & equipment company, inc.


government
lifting systems
accessories
portable inverters
automotive lifts
catalog
gallery



         
excellence in sales and service


















craftmanship
interstate 
		lift is a member of the automotive lift institute and has 40 models that 
		have been ali/etl certified.
read more...






make the right choice
knowledge 
is key when deciding which mobile column lifting system is right for you.
read more...






government customers
interstate 
lift is a major supplier to our military and other government agencies.
read more...










interstate lift online
welcome to the online home for interstate lift and equipment company, inc. and our great line of patriot mobile 
column lifting systems.  since 1995, interstate lift and equipment company, inc. has been providing sales and service on the best lifting systems the market has to offer.

interstate lift offers a full line of garage equipment and accessories to compliment our mobile lifting systems.
interstate lift and equipment company, inc. is committed to providing you with the highest quality equipment and we promise to be there long after the sale.  we have a network of technicians and service organizations to make sure that your equipment is working right for you for years to come.
interstate lift and equipment company, inc., a family owned and operated company, is a major supplier for all your garage equipment needs. specializing in heavy duty equipment, we also have a full line of automotive and truck equipment, all the way up to heavy truck and bus.

as your needs grow, interstate lift and equipment company, inc. can supply you with equipment that is built to last at affordable prices. we stand behind every product we offer with an unbeatable warranty and a service team ready to assist you.
we are so confident in our products, that we can offer extended warranties and short term demonstrations on some of our most popular products.

if you are in the market to purchase any new or used garage equipment, please let interstate lift and equipment company, inc. be of assistance to you and your company.



made in the usa & canada

interstate lift manufactures all mobile column lifting systems 
and accessories in schoolcraft, mi. usa and ontario, canada.  we are proud to say that all of our systems and accessories are made right here at home, using us steel.
 




fresh solutions
interstate 
		lift has designed the most efficient lifting system on the market.  
		check out our dual source mobile column lifting system with a battery 
		life of 10+ years.  powered by batteries, building power, or both!












customer support
please contact us for any technical issues or questions that you may have regarding our patriot mobile column lifting systems or accessories.
contact info:

phone: 269-684-8098
fax: 269-684-1013
email: sales@interstatelift.com

contacts:
todd a. nichols   574-532-2176 
tnichols@interstatelift.com
give us a call today










cost /budget:

email:


in partnership with
crest capital equipment finance




















links

home
lifting systems
gallery
accessories
lift knowledge
contact
government customers





reviews

"we have had our patriot mobile lifting system for 7 years and although we haven't need much in the way of service, interstate has always been here when we need them."

"our patriot mobile lifting systems are the perfect systems for all of our military vehicles." 

"interstate lift has far surpassed all of our expectations.  they truly build the best mobile lift"




what's new

coming soon!!!
read more




contact
1-269-684-8098
email: tnichols@interstatelift.com




   

interstate lift and equipment company, inc. â©
all rights reserved











