















best veterinary clinic in abu dhabi | best vet in abu dhabi | animal hospital | pet hospital









































































 








 


















 marina village branch - 02 665 0085  khalifa city branch - 02 550 4111











contact us

marina village branch
khalifa city branch


client login

  





we offer 24-hours emergency & critical care: 050 823 0780

















home
about us

general practice
values
careers


veterinary services

advanced orthopedics
cardiology
surgery
internal medicine
preventive care
oncology
neurology
dentistry
emergency / critical care
imaging
laser therapy
in-house laboratory
out of hours care
ophthalmology


other services

pet relocation
pet store
saying goodbye


referrals

book an appointment












the region’s leading referral centre 
							learn more about our specialties 
							
read more
contact us
 


the british veterinary centre means the best vet care for your pet 
							learn more about our specialties 
							read more
contact us
 


our experts are always here to help 
							learn more about our specialties 
							
read more
contact us
 












our specialities
learn more about our wide range of veterinary services and specialties





advanced orthopedics
with our specialist veterinary orthopedic surgeons, the use of cutting-edge technology, and world-class surgical...
read more

surgery
at the bvc, our experienced surgeons collaborate as a team to offer our patients the very best care we can deliver...
read more

internal medicine
at the bvc, we know your pet is a part of the family, and this means our team is driven by compassion and trust to deliver...
read more

cardiology
our own veterinary team are always the first called for our inpatients – maintaining case continuity and the best care possible...
read more

preventative care
yearly or six monthly veterinary health checks by our highly trained doctors are one of the best ways to keep your pet healthy...
read more

oncology
a definitive diagnosis is performed at the bvc, to diagnose cancer and furthermore to estimate the “stage” of the cancer...
read more

neurology
our own veterinary team are always the first called for our inpatients – maintaining case continuity and the best care possible...
read more

dentistry
did you know that by the age of 3, your pet will likely have some form of early dental disease, and this increases to 85% in dogs...
read more

emergency/critical care
we know that emergencies can happen at any time – which is why, at the bvc, we are here for you and your pet 24 hours a day, 365 days...
read more

imaging
imaging techniques allow our vets to see inside of your pet in a non-invasive way. this information allows us to create...
read more

laser therapy
this powerful non-invasive treatment uses modulated infrared light rays to penetrate tissues. once tissue cells absorb the light...
read more

in-house laboratory
at the bvc, we know the importance of getting accurate, reliable, results quickly to provide the best treatment and outcome...
read more

out of hours care
we offer round the clock emergency service. besides this, our nursing team works shifts to make themselvesavailable 24.7...
read more

















register your pet with us today.
fill out our online registration form and get your registration confirmed via email shortly after.


register











pet relocationmember of ipata, we provide one to one personalized service for your pet’s travel needs. contact us and get your quote!read morepet storeyou can find premium pet food and prescription diets here. we also have loyalty card and rewards on the purchase on the pet dry food.read more








over 3 decades of continued and consistent excellence in veterinary care.



vaccination
spay & neuter
dental care







exotic & avian pets
bvc adoptions
24 hrs emergency & nursing 



contact us





please enable javascriptplay-sharp-fill



linkembedcopy and paste this html code into your webpage to embed.
















dr. jonathan hale
bvsc, cert vr, mrcvs
dr jonathan is our clinical partner and responsible for the day-to-day running of our khalifa city branch. he also sees surgical referral cases from the region for spinal and advanced orthopedic surgery. he also has a special interest in neurology.read more
drjhale@gmail.com






dr. nicolas terraz
bvetmed, mrcvs
nick is from france, but grew up in dubai and graduated from the royal veterinary college in london. his interests at work include ultrasonography, soft tissue surgery and exotics, but he also enjoys doing...read more
drnick@britvet.ae






dr. rachel shaw
bvetmed, mrcvs
rachel graduated from the royal veterinary college london, in 2001. she spent her first five years gaining a wealth of experience working in small animal practice in the north of england before coming to the...read more
drrachel@britvet.ae






dr martin wyness
bvm&s, mrcvs
dr. martin is the founder and ceo of the british veterinary centre. he brings experience from uk, australia, new zealand and the usa to the uae and wider middle east market. dr martin's major interest is ...read more
mtwyness@gmail.com






dr. ahmad jakish
dvm, ccrp
he was born in syria there after, dr. jakish moved to washington state, usa in 2001 and passed the american veterinary medical examinations for licensure as a veterinarian in the united states. dr. jakish.....read more
drahmad@britvet.ae






dr. belal sahlab
bvsc
dr. belal moved to abu dhabi from new zealand in october 2017 and joined our team soon after. he is originally from egypt and relocated to new zealand in 2008. subsequently, he received his veterinary practicing...read more
drbelal@britvet.ae


view all


i’m a
pet owner


click here 


i’m a vet
professional


click here 














we have had the best experience with our french bulldog! our frenchie had some choking issues and the previous vet we went to told us that there was nothing they can do for him and didn’t even try to help him. when we came to the british vet, dr belal knew exactly how to treat him and got him straight away onto the right medication. he was so amazing with our puppy! our puppy has recovered from kennel cough and bronchitis and is currently receiving his vaccines thanks to bvc and dr belal.

charissa gerber





dr rachel is very knowledgeable and addressed my concerns fully. she gave me an in depth understanding of my situation with my cat. the vet practice seemed clean and the clinic seemed well run. both the vet and the nurses provide regular updates on your pets and respond to questions and concerns in a timely manner over whatsapp and email. very comforting for a pet owner. would definitely recommend this vet to friends and family.

cris behrmann





ahmad welcomed me to the examination room a few moments after the reception took our details. he examined ash (our dog) and explained to me what he was doing. diagnosed the problem. treated her and prescribed medication. all while being really caring to the dog and bearing with my non-stop questions. now ash is healthy and happy after correct diagnosis of the problem on her leg and identifying her allergies that were making all of us miserable. not going to any other vet in abu dhabi except here.

issa alkindy





i've used the british vet twice now for our dog. once for an emergency and once for a routine operation. the service is absolutely brilliant. we are quite anxious pet owners, but they reassured us throughout. the whole team, and especially the vet, dr nick, were very patient and helpful and extremely responsive to our questions and concerns. the expertise, equipments and facilities are first class and the care i saw towards all the animals was excellent. i recommend them fully. your pet will be in safe hands. thank you bvc! - from duncan, ana and bear.

duncan robertson





so here’s the story: my naughty cat flew from the sixth floor! i called the bvc at 6 am and dr nick was already on his way. quick assessment and quick management were carried on and a pneumothorax was diagnosed and drained on the spot and that saved my cat's life. later on, a full ct scan was performed by dr jonathan hale and a hospitalization for a couple of weeks put my cat back on track. i received two emails per day from the nurses about the status of the cat. dr nick also sent me updates when the situation was critical. i was allowed to visit and pet her whenever my schedule permitted. my cat would have died without their care. this is one outstanding clinic and i highly recommend it to everyone!

hady jerdak





i wanted to share my experience at the bvc. staff are very helpful, and they show sincere interest in learning our problems. excellent communication, whether by phone, sending an email, or a text message, to update us on our cat’s health. and special thanks to dr belal for taking good care of our mochi. i highly recommend visiting this clinic.

noora alzaabi





i trust dr jonathan with my fur babies. he is simply the best. we appreciate him so much. bvc staff always takes good care of my pets.

corne jooste





dr jonathan hale and his team are simply wonderful. they have been caring for our ever-expanding fur baby family for nearly 10 years. a truly amazing team with outstanding care. highly recommended especially for english bulldogs. thank you, dr jonathan and team! maria & matt inglis + jack, squeak, (cats) and dexter, cookie, bentley, zues & wesley (dogs).

maria inglis





british vets is all about customer care, information and the level of care and attention to the concerned pet and owner. from the minute you make the telephone call, all staff are there to assist. 100% recommend british vets.

amber low





we moved to abu dhabi 4 years ago with our persian cat (zouzi) who is 14 years old now. he was diagnosed with kidney disease 1 year ago. he was treated by dr. ahmed jakish (aj) who is excellent. i do recommend him to everyone! he is very conscientious and professional. last weekend we went through a lot with my cat and dr aj asked us to bring him in on emergency on a friday and zouzi was hospitalized at the bvc. the team is excellent and lovely. thank you! without you, zouzi wouldn't be here today.

carole hraiz kaldany












gallerybelow are just a few of the many furry creatures we have had the pleasure of meeting in the last few years.






thebritishveterinarycentre












you must know a few essential things about diabete
 





instagram post 18021254786136652






wishing everyone a happy national day. we are here






why is understanding diabetes in pets so important
 





peaches recently underwent a hip surgery known as 


 





do you have a pug, bulldog or a frenchie❓
watch 
 





happy eid al-adha! 🎉✨

celebrate with joy and






rocky was struggling to breathe due to a collapsin
 


 





 follow on instagram





























address
8th al khaleej al farsi street - abu dhabi



phone
+971 (2) 665 0085



email
 info@britvet.ae






 villa 16 – al kasir st – al marina – marina village – abu dhabi



+971 (2) 665-0085
 info@britvet.ae
monday to friday: 7:30 am – 10:00 pm
saturday: closed
sunday: 10:00 am to 6:00 pm

 

 khalifa city a | united arab emirates



+971 (2) 550-4111
 info_kc@britvet.ae
monday to friday: 8:00 am to 10:00 pm
saturday: 10:00 am - 5:00 pm
sunday: closed


 

 

 







developed by digitalfarm. all rights reserved.













book your appointment


+971 (2) 665 0085



 info@britvet.ae




 












choose locationmain branch - khalidiyakhalifa city branch













this service is only available
to veterinarians.
please proceed


			×			

















































































