










	psa plano > home






























 
  search




directions
contact us
cancellations
online registration
mysam login











basketball
soccer
volleyball
baseball
softball
football
cheer
camps
martial arts
rugby 
track
pickleball
shop
dance
preschool
















 





 





 





you are here:

home


  | login
 






psa





 
about psa
psa was founded as a non-profit organization in december 1970 when the local individual sports leagues incorporated to form one administrative youth sports organization.  psa provides quality year-round recreational and competitive youth sports leagues to over 100,000 youth who live the north texas area.  psa offers: basketball, soccer, volleyball, tackle football, flag football, cheerleading, baseball, softball, dance team, summer camps, winter break camps, spring break camps, and rugby. additionally, psa offers club or select sports with texas thunder soccer club and storm volleyball club along with basketball skills, volleyball clinics and soccer skills.
 
with the growth of plano, mckinney, frisco, allen, collin county and the surrounding areas with the demands of sports facilities needed to play indoor sports and outdoor sports, psa embarked on new horizons with the building of psa 1, psa 2, psa murphy, and psa mckinney.  psa leads all other youth organizations with centers housing 38+ basketball and volleyball courts and four indoor turf arenas.  psa also offers adult indoor soccer and adult basketball.
 
psa feels there is no greater investment in the community’s youth than the development of character, fellowship and sportsmanship through sports.  psa is dedicated to seeing every young person who wants to play sports has that opportunity. 
 
psa strives to offer quality sports from rec to select.
 





 

























psa hours









phones are answered monday-friday 10am-5pm
972.208.kids (5437) or email: info@psaplano.org

for game and practice schedules check your daysmart account
 
 
 





 



 


 
see live video action on psa sky view
  
psa customers
psa has repurposed some of our security cameras and directed them onto the arena and courts being used for games, skills and practices. please click the open psaskyview link below.
this will take you to the new home page of psa skyview which allows you to select the building your child is playing in. please select the building by clicking its name or photo to begin and you are set for action! please go to the more information link if needed.

open psa sky view more information




 

 

 





 



























sponsors








 

             


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 



 





 
































links












psa - skyview
employment opportunities
faq
welcome to psa
online registration - daysmart

online forms 

coaches tools
new coaches packet
coach badge information
refund policy
uniform shop

camps
psa scholarships
sponsorship opportunities
psa sponsors
ada and sports
 
parents code

coach's code of conduct
psa building etiquette
dick's sporting goods coupons
consulting services


 
enter scores
referee evaluations
 





 
 


 



subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
email address  *  
first name  
last name  

 
 







 







 









psa uniform shop







 








 









parents portal










 
city of plano field maps







 




















 







 








 






























  






























© 2018 by psa plano

privacy statement
|
terms of use








web design by search engine marketing company egi consulting













