


















aclu of virginia























skip to main content










    new  

    federal court rules transgender middle schooler can play  


federal court rules hanover county must let middle school athlete try out in blow to vdoe’s anti-transgender model policies.

 


learn more 










 
aclu of virginia 







about us

our work

criminal legal reform

first amendment rights

immigrants' rights

lgbtq+ rights

reproductive rights

voting rights



take action

events

get help

donate





donate
































aclu of virginia was made for this moment.

get our updates
email address *



zip code *






leave this field blank 


 







know your rights if you're stopped by police or ice



to get to virginians, president trump will have to get past us



spread trans joy



virginia bills we're watching in 2025



our roadmap for protecting civil rights & civil liberties under trump



vdoe's anti-trans 2023 model policies



act now for reproductive freedoms



how you helped us fight for our rights in 2024 — and what's ahead in 2025



fuel the fight for our freedom









blog posts 





 

    lgbtq+ rights  

guidance for virginia's lgbtqia+ communities after trump's inauguration 

as anticipated, the new trump administration has issued a series of harmful and sweeping executive actions—including those targeting the lgbtqia+ community.






 

    lgbtq+ rights  

virginia's first-ever trans joy zine 

    100+ illustrated pages of trans joy to change the anti-trans narrative and debunk misconceptions.  





 

    criminal legal reform  

meet your neighbors: sarah and vega moore 

“to anyone who’s spending the holidays apart from a loved one, i see you. i feel your pain, your loneliness. you’re not alone, even when it feels like you are. and no matter how long it takes, remember that... 







latest press releases 





february 13, 2025 

virginia’s path to automatic rights restoration gains momentum 

the effort to enshrine automatic restoration of rights into virginia's constitution successfully passed this year's legislative session today.the amendment must pass again in next year’s legislative session... 





february 13, 2025 

in a historic vote, constitutional amendment to protect reproductive freedom passes the general assembly 

today’s vote was the last step in the legislative process for the 2025 general assembly session, and is the first step in a two-year constitutional amendment process to protect virginians’ right to make... 





january 21, 2025 

to get to virginians, president trump will have to get past us. 

“after all, no executive order can change the constitution,” said aclu-va executive director mary bauer. “our statewide presence and deep bench of advocacy tools were made for moments like this. to get to... 















in the courtswe are taking legal action to protect the rights of transgender people, fight back against censorship efforts, ensure students with disabilities are able to go to school like their peers, and continue to defend civil rights and civil liberties across the commonwealth.rodriguez guerra et al. v. perry et al.the capital area immigrants’ rights (cair) coalition, the national immigration project, and the aclu of virginia sued immigration and customs enforcement (ice), which arbitrarily detained people in virginia after they won immigration cases.
rodriguez guerra et al. v. perry et al.all court cases







act






 

take action 

 




 

let students learn 

 




 

learn more 

 





 








search acluva.org 








cases
press
work with us







acluva on instagram
acluva on twitter
acluva on facebook






© 2025 aclu of virginia





user agreement
privacy statement
website accessibility
your data choices




















