





jewish-american history on the web











home page
jews in the civil war
jews in the wild west
history of palestine
 the occident
virtual library

















בס"ד



important message from jewish-history.com


since 1998, jewish-history.com has provided full digital 
       text of primary historical documents previously unavailable to the general public except 
       in historical society archives or on reels of microfilm. as one of 
       the first internet sites to provide these valuable texts free of 
       charge, without the need to travel to a distant library or archive 
       vault, we have revolutionized the nature of research.  
 the economic crisis has affected us deeply, and our previous 
    sources of funds have been dramatically reduced. we do not receive 
    any funding from any corporate or educational institution, and rely 
    entirely on the revenue from  the mall of zion and donations from our supporters. please take a minute 
    to click on the link at the right and make a donation, or purchase some excellent israeli gifts.
 we need your support in order to continue our goal.  please donate or shop at the mall of zion in order to keep this website going!


read more 

 

history of jewish palestine
 as in the geographical reference to palestine, we have been
  compelled to be content with mere traces, the same will be the case in our
  historical account of this country. there are nowhere to be met with regular
  documents in respect to its history, states, and towns; the past seems to have
  been entirely forgotten; so that the whole country cared, so to say, only for
  the present, and took no cognizance of what had preceded or was to follow. it is
  true that some few arabic historians have written something concerning
  palestine, such as abulfeda and serif ibn idrus; but their works have almost 
  entirely disappeared, as was to be supposed would be the case under 
  a government which had not and suffered not a free press.



 read more 


 


the occident and american jewish advocate
it is a time-honored custom, that when an editor appears for the first time before the public, he is to state something of the course he means to pursue, and of the subjects he intends laying before his readers. in our case, this is hardly necessary, since the name of "jewish advocate" amply shadows forth what we mean to devote our pages to the spread of whatever can advance the cause of our religion, and of promoting the true interest of that people which has made this religion its profession ever since the days of the great lawgiver, through whom it was handed down to the nation descended from the stock of abraham. but this general view may, perhaps, not be sufficiently detailed for many whom we would gladly number among our readers; and we will therefore briefly state our object in assuming the editorship of this new periodical, and of the course it is our firm determination to pursue.


read more 


 



ulysses s. grant and the emissary from the holy land
rabbi hayim tzvi sneersohn, a great-grandson of rabbi shneur zalman of liadi, the "alter rebbe" of chabad hasidim, visited the united states in 1869 on a mission for the jewish community of palestine. he was received at the white house by newly inaugurated president ulysses grant.
the washington national intelligencer described the reception of rabbi sneersohn, wearing traditional palestinian yerushalmi costume, by the president of the united states.  
rabbi sneersohn said, "mr. president: permit me to give my thanks to the almighty, whose mercy brought me here to behold the face of the chosen by the millions of this great nation... i come to your excellency from the east, to entreat you in the name of g-d, who created all men equal, to listen to the prayer of your humble servant, standing before you to advocate the cause of his oppressed brethren in the holy land. the israelites in palestine possess no political or civil rights whatever, and oftentimes deprived of protection by the representatives of the civilized nations which the christians enjoy, are exposed to violence and arbitrary rule. the only shelter the israelites occasionally find is in the courts of the different european consulates, where one of their co-religionists is employed either as interpreter or deputy consul, who convey their grievances to the proper channel. this free republic alone, whose banner covers the oppressed, whose foundation is based on equality, toleration, and liberty of conscience, has no israelites employed near the consul at jerusalem. i do pray, therefore, your excellency, to turn your attention to the deplorable condition of my brethren in the orient, that the principles of this government may be truly embodied in its representatives abroad; and i do further pray that your excellency may show me that mark of favor which will enable my brethren in the holy land in the hour of need to seek refuge under the stars and stripes, that this free country and its exalted chief should be blessed on the sacred spot of our common ancestors."


 read more 


 


 











about us
privacy notice
disclaimer
contact us


©2023 jewish-american history documentation foundation
      p.o. box 760056
      lathrup village, mi 48076 







