









usgtf - learn to teach golf - become a certified golf teacher, certified golf coach, golf instructor - united states golf teachers federation

































































































































 














772-88-usgtf or 772-444-wgtf 





 






homeabout

about usa welcome letter from the presidentteaching golfcode of ethicsmeet the course directorsusgtf advisory boardregional directorsfrequently asked questionswgtf top 50 teachers
course registration

golf teaching professional

associate teaching certification (online)certified golf teaching professional® (onsite)master golf teaching professional® (onsite)certified golf teaching professional® (international)upgrade your teaching certification (onsite)foreign language courses 
golf coach

golf coaching certification (online) 
golf club manager

golf management certification (online) 

member services

membership renewalcontinuing education

upgrade usgtf certification levelplaying ability test re-takeadditional certification courses 
update your contact informationrefresher course (online)industry partners & services

travel reservations 
pro shopusgtf logos
stay informed

tournamentsmonthly newslettereditorialsgolf teaching pro® magazine
logincontact us 






















login


home
about

about us
a welcome letter from the president
teaching golf
code of ethics
meet the course directors
usgtf advisory board
regional directors
frequently asked questions
wgtf top 50 teachers


course registration

golf teaching professional

associate teaching certification (online)
certified golf teaching professional® (onsite)
master golf teaching professional® (onsite)
certified golf teaching professional® (international)
upgrade your teaching certification (onsite)
foreign language courses


golf coach

golf coaching certification (online)


golf club manager

golf management certification (online)




member services

membership renewal
continuing education

upgrade usgtf certification level
playing ability test re-take
additional certification courses


update your contact information
refresher course (online)
industry partners & services

travel reservations


pro shop
usgtf logos


stay informed

tournaments
monthly newsletter
editorials
golf teaching pro® magazine


login
contact us










  










					united states golf teachers federation				















 







learn to teach golf… 
							
the profession of a lifetime® 
							get certified online or on-site 
							 


learn to teach golf… 
							
the profession of a lifetime® 
							get certified online or on-site 
							 














 search by members full name:



search for:








the nation’s largest organization of certified golf teaching professionals
 
the united states golf teachers federation® trains and certifies golf teaching professionals. established in 1989, it is the largest national organization of certified golf teaching professionals in the world.
the usgtf educational theme is that of progressive learning. we incorporate three levels of certification for the golf teaching professional. you may select one of the first two levels of certification in order to progress comfortably at your own pace (the third level is reserved for fully-certified usgtf members). we offer an online option (associate member) or a four-day on-site option (certified golf teaching professional®).












usgtf associate teaching certification
this online course qualifies you to effectively teach beginning to intermediate golfers. one of the advantages of taking the online course is that it allows you the opportunity to review and understand the information at your own pace. during the course, you will learn all aspects of teaching the game including the full swing, faults and cures, short game, rules of golf, ball flight laws, golf psychology, clubfitting, video analysis, and marketing techniques.






usgtf certified golf teaching professional® certification
at the four-day on-site usgtf certified golf teaching professional® course, you will learn all aspects of teaching the game including the full swing, faults and cures, short game, rules of golf, ball flight laws, golf psychology, clubfitting, video analysis, and marketing techniques. certified golf teaching professionals will be able to effectively teach all phases of the game, from beginning to advanced players.






usgtf master golf teaching professional® certification
a usgtf master golf teaching professional® certification is the highest level of attainment in the golf teaching industry. master golf teaching professionals have demonstrated a teaching acumen and ability of the highest order. all usgtf members who have been a certified golf teaching professional® for a minimum of twelve months may become a master golf teaching professional.






sharing our passion®
online certification courses

or
upcoming onsite certification courses




locationdate




las vegas, nvfeb. 17-20


houston, txmar. 10-13


las vegas, nvmar. 17-20


fort pierce, flmar. 17-20


las vegas, nvapril 14-17


princeton, njmay 5-8


las vegas, nvmay 12-15


fort pierce, flmay 19-22


fort pierce, fljuly 21-24


las vegas, nvsept. 8-11


princeton, njsept. 8-11


fort pierce, flsept. 22-25


houston, txsept. 29 - oct. 2


las vegas, nvoct. 20-23


fort pierce, flnov. 10-13


las vegas, nvnov. 10-13


las vegas, nvdec. 8-11














• national and international recognition
• liability insurance to avoid  any possible accident from teaching instruction
• personal-use discounts with major golf manufacturers and industry partners
• golf teaching pro® magazine — the printed voice of golf teaching professionals
• ongoing education
• international pga affiliation
• worldwide networking opportunities
• logoed member merchandise
• regional member tournaments
• us and world golf teachers cup® events
 
							being a usgtf member has its benefits 
							learn more about the usgtf 
							

 








the usgtf provides the profession of a lifetime®
the usgtf’s certification course provides students with practical guidance skills and theories, as well as liberal arts and character training, through systematic golf theory training that golf leaders must equip through golf teaching methods and practical tests. in the golf industry sector, tour pros, instructors, journalists, golf commentators, professors, etc. are enabling key activities to lead the american golf industry in many areas.





member news
value of wgtf membership and digital card important benefit of usgtf membershipdues renewal notice and reminderwgtf in process of rebuilding german federationregion update – se region championship this month“pro” file – touring professional hideki matsuyama“pro” file – usgtf member seth dichardstudent spotlight – daniel kimusgtf industry partner spotlight – bushnell rangefinders– editorial – what does tgl indoor golf mean for the golf industry and field of teaching? –happy new year from the usgtf





usgtf pro shop
            
education materials
mens golf apparel
womens golf apparel
golf accessories
equipment





continuing education

upgrade your usgtf certification level

verbal teaching and playing ability tests
playing ability test re-take
master golf teaching professional® certification


additional certification courses by usgtf


certified professional golf coach


certified golf club manager







job opportunities

 wentworth hills country clubpro shop manager plainville, massachusetts

 bdr golfcertified professional golf coach fernandina beach, fl

 pga tour superstorestudio fitter tampa, fl

 com tam thuan kieu co.,ltdceo ho chi minh, 





click here to view more


if you would like to post a job opportunity, please click here.


2025 united states golf teachers cup®











date: tba
location: tba
us golf teachers cup registration – click here
us cup host hotel (luxor) registration – click here














winter 2025: click here to read the current issue.

click here to order physical copies!





golf teaching pro® magazine
golf teaching pro is a professional magazine that keeps the members of the united states golf teachers federation informed on the latest up-to-date teaching methodology, member benefits, tournament information, and ongoing education. it is the official international member publication of the world golf teachers federation and is distributed to all member nations and translated into many languages.
the publication circulation exceeds 35,000 each issue. for information on advertising, please contact info@usgtf.com. 





articles
the rules of golf all teaching professionals should knowessential requirements to be a successful golf teacherwhat hole are you on?the correa family legacy: three generations of professional golferswhat does the future hold for the golf industry after covid-19?teaching athletic motioncontinuing evolution of a golf teacherkeep the ball rollingwhy not ball flight laws?the odds were always in his favor









certification courses


learn more → →











about us













industry partners


learn more → →











tournaments


learn more → →





 











 


 sign up for our newsletter
contact the usgtf: 200 s. indian river drive, suite #206
fort pierce, fl 34950


772-88-usgtf

772-444-wgtf
info@usgtf.com

 
send us a message

usgtf network:united states golf teachers federation
world golf teachers federation
american disabled golfers association
linksabout us
online course login
pro shop
industry partners
golf teaching pro® magazine
job search
ask about advertising
 



search

 






								copyright 2023 ® the united states golf teachers federation							














search

  
contact the usgtf
200 s. indian river drive, suite #206
fort pierce, fl 34950

772-88-usgtf772-444-wgtf
info@usgtf.com

 

























 1-772-88-usgtf

 

































































privacy policy
 


