
















southern california association of governments - scag




















 




 
skip to main content












scag








connect socal




reap 2.0




rdp















more options






translate







search
menu

 




close



about usgoverning structure
our membersmember directory
membership benefits
member agencies & partners


our leadership
our team
financialoverall work program
budgets
financial reports


careers
contact usscag offices
public records request
media inquiries
ethics hotline




meetingsagendascurrent agendas
past agendas


leadershipregional council
executive/administration committee
general assembly


committeescommunity, economic & human development committee
energy & environment committee
transportation committee
joint committee
legislative/communications & membership committee
emerging technologies committee
special committee on equity & social justice


subcommitteesaudit committee
bylaws & resolution committee
general assembly host committee
district evaluation committee
next generation infrastructure subcommittee
nominating committee
president's strategic plan
racial equity and regional planning subcommittee
resilience and conservation subcommittee
rhna subcommittee
regional advance mitigation planning - advisory task group
scholarship committee


technical advisory committees and working groupsaviation technical advisory committee
socal greenprint technical advisory committee
highways to boulevards
modeling task force
regional planning working groups
regional transit technical advisory committee
technical working group
transportation conformity working group





our workconnect socallocal data exchange
development materials
program environmental impact report


inclusion, diversity, equity & awareness
programs & projectshousing
economy & demography
federal & state compliance
sustainability
transportation


local resourcesbroadband
go human
sustainable communities program
toolbox tuesday
100 hours


funding & programmingcarbon reduction program
surface transportation block grant program & congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program
federal transportation improvement program


legislation & advocacy
publications & reportsexecutive director's monthly reports
enterprise system catalog




data & toolsdata services & requests
geographic information systemsregional data platform
socal greenprint


modelingscenario planning model
transportation models


performance monitoring & assessment
forecastinggrowth forecasting
regional forecasting
subarea forecasting


local profiles
socal atlas


get involvedcontract & vendor opportunities
community participationpublic participation plan
ada notice and grievance procedure
title vi of the civil rights act of 1964


grant opportunities
studentsscholarship program
student showcase




news & eventsnewsnewsletters


calendar
events2025 regional conference and general assembly
past signature events
photo gallery


scag-tv livestream














loading...



 


register today for the 60th regional conference and general assembly
network with regional leaders from the public and private sectors, sharing best practices and lessons learned while working toward common goals. 




 


2025 scholarship program
the program provides nine $4,000 scholarship awards for high school or community college students from the scag region interested in pursuing planning or public service‐related careers. apply online by march 21. 




 


innovating for a better tomorrow
scag is the nation's largest metropolitan planning organization, representing six counties, 191 cities and 19 million residents. scag undertakes a variety of planning and policy initiatives to encourage a more sustainable southern california. 




 


connect socal 2024
connect socal 2024, socal’s long-range regional transportation plan/sustainable communities strategy, is now adopted. get involved in making this plan a reality. sign up for updates. 








home  







request forproposals
scag relies heavily on outside consultants and other vendors to help accomplish our overall mission and objectives of the agency. 





event andmeeting calendar
check the scag calendar for an updated and full list of upcoming events, meetings and activities. 





regional data platform
a revolutionary gis system for seamless interagency collaboration, data sharing and support for local and regional planning across jurisdictions. 





agendas andminutes
view current and past agendas and minutes. 







featured work



 

 

housing, environment, and land use parcel tool (helpr) 3.0
helpr 3.0 is a web-mapping tool developed by scag to help local jurisdictions and stakeholders understand local land use, site opportunities, and environmental sensitivities in the context of regional objectives. 




 

 

scag final racial equity early action plan update
scag released the final update to the racial equity action early plan—culminating a three-year process to center equity in scag plans and processes.   




 

 

2025 federal transportation improvement program interactive project search (eftip)
scag created the eftip tool to allow users to search and view details for transportation projects programed in a current ftip as well as use an interactive map to access a project’s location details. 











board





post march 6, 2025 - 9:00am - 9:50am 


executive/administration committee


the executive/administration committee is responsible for developing policy recommendations to the regional council on administration, human resources, budgets, finance, operations, communications, or any other matter specifically referred to the committee by the regional council.
the meeting will be conducted in-person, members of the public may participate in-person and remotely by telephonic and video conference. 

zoom







post march 6, 2025 - 10:00am - 11:45am 


community, economic and human development committee


the role of the community, economic and human development (cehd) committee is to study problems, programs, and other matters pertaining to regional issues of community, economic, and human development and growth. this committee reviews projects, plans, and programs of regional significance for consistency and conformity with applicable regional plans.  

zoom







post march 6, 2025 - 10:00am - 11:45am 


energy and environment committee


the energy and environment committee considers environmental and energy issues of regional significance, including but not limited to air quality, water quality, solid and hazardous waste, habitat preservation, environmental justice, and environmental impact analysis.  

zoom







post march 6, 2025 - 10:00am - 11:45am 


transportation committee



  the role of the transportation committee is to study problems,
  programs and other matters which pertain to the regional issues
  of mobility, air quality, transportation control measures, and
  communications, and make recommendations on such matters to the
  regional council.
 

zoom







post march 6, 2025 - 12:15pm - 2:00pm 


regional council


the regional council is scag’s 86-member governing board. membership comprises local elected officials representing the six counties and 191 cities within the scag jurisdiction, including elected representatives from 69 districts, each consisting of one or more cities in the region with approximately equal population and geographic continuity; an elected representative from each of the six counties within the region; and representatives of the county transportation commissions and tribal governments located within the region 

zoom








events





post february 25, 2025 - 1:00pm - 2:30pm 


hcd connect: a new online portal for uploading annual progress reports, housing elements, and site inventories


join scag for a toolbox tuesday session introducing jurisdictions to hcd connect, a new and enhanced data management system and online portal designed to streamline interactions with the california department of housing and community development (hcd). the system will create a new option for local governments and consultants to submit housing elements and sites inventories via web portal. members of hcd’s annual progress reports and housing element teams will go over the basics of account setup, login, and document submission.  

registration







post february 17, 2025 


president’s day



  scag offices are closed
 









post may 26, 2025 


memorial day



  scag offices are closed
 









post july 4, 2025 


independence day



  scag offices are closed
 










meeting





post february 18, 2025 - 8:30am - 10:00am 


legislative/communications and membership committee


the legislative/communications and membership committee provides guidance and recommendations to the regional council regarding legislative matters impacting the region; policy direction on scag’s communications strategy, outreach, issues, and materials; scag membership benefits, and sponsorships. 
the meeting will be conducted in a hybrid manner (both in-person and remotely by telephonic and video conference).  

zoom
view agenda 






post february 25, 2025 - 10:00am - 12:00pm 


transportation conformity working group


the transportation conformity working (tcwg) is a forum to support interagency coordination to maintain transportation conformity and help improve air quality in southern california. 

zoom meeting room







post march 26, 2025 - 10:00am - 12:00pm 


modeling task force


the modeling task force (mtf) coordinates scag’s various modeling programs and provides a forum to discuss data standards and share information and new ideas. participation in the mtf is open to all interested parties, including governmental staff, education-related individuals and groups, environmental organizations, business groups, and the general public. 

zoom







post march 26, 2025 - 10:00am - 12:00pm 


regional transit technical advisory committee


the regional transit technical advisory committee, made up of representatives from the region’s transit operators, provides a forum for coordination of input in the development of the regional transportation plan and the regional transportation improvement program. 

zoom meeting room








view calendar











 



executive director’s monthly report, february 2025



  the february 2025 executive director’s report covers
  the agency’s major activities, key programs, and accomplishments
  over the past month.
 







 



2024 southern california economic update



  the “2024 southern california economic update” reviews the past
  year and highlights economic trends to watch for in the coming
  year to assist southern california policymakers in planning for
  the next 30 years.  
 








get involved




subscribe to e-newsand updates






view plans anddevelopment






attend a meetingor event






share yourthoughts



















stay informed
get the latest updates from scag straight to your inbox. 


                            sign up          














southern californiaassociation of governments



  900 wilshire blvd., ste. 1700
  los angeles, ca 90017
  (213) 236-1800


  monday- thursday: 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
  friday: 8:00 am – 4:00 pm


contact us


directions & parking


   


the scag website is best viewed using chrome, firefox, or
  safari. as the internet explorer and edge legacy browsers do not
  render the scag website correctly, we strongly advise against
  their usage.
 









regional offices


read more
imperial county
orange county
riverside county
san bernardino county
ventura county
 



quicklinks


read more
agendas and minutes
leadership
committees
subcommittees
our team
careers
 








facebook

twitter

youtube

linkedin

instagram










© 2025 southern california association of governments. all rights reserved.





accessibility

privacy policy

terms of use














log in



e-mail or username: *



password: *



 remember me


request new password








commands

support portallog in 








