











boston psychoanalytic society & institute - www.bpsi.org










boston psychoanalytic society & institute - www.bpsi.org



























































 

navigation menu

who we are

reach bpsi
about us

frequently asked questions
mission, vision, and governance
our history


board of trustees
bpsi bulletin
faculty

adult program faculty
atp/fellowship faculty
child program faculty


join the bpsi community
professional affiliations


training/education

adult psychoanalysis

program overview
training program elements
syllabi
faculty & candidates
admissions
training analysis
mentoring


child psychoanalysis

program overview
training program elements
syllabi
faculty & candidates
admissions
child & adolescent supervisory analysts


joint adult & child psychoanalysis
advanced psychoanalytic psychotherapy (atp)

program overview
training program elements
syllabi
faculty & students
admissions
atp supervisors
atp mentoring


one-year fellowship

fellowship overview
training program elements
syllabi
faculty & students
fellowship admissions
fellow mentoring


community psychoanalysis concentration
affiliate scholar program
financial assistance
adjusted fee analysis


public programs

public programs overview
the bpsi ecker fellows program
child & family
explorations in mind

explorations in mind registration


social awareness
kravitz award
public program registration


library

about the library
library news
resources

bpsi resources on race, equity, diversity, and otherness
bpsi resources: enactments
bpsi resources: climate change & climate anxiety


library services
catalogue
archives

collections
audiovisual materials
bpsi history collections
photographs and exhibits




referrals

find an analyst or therapist
referral request form
frequently asked questions


tuition/dues

member dues
member tuition


bpsi portal
give

make a gift
other ways to give
matching gifts
make a tribute gift
planned gifts
the anton o. kris visiting scholar program


blog/video

library corner
social awareness
arts at bpsi
bpsi video events
bpsi video interviews

film series




 

 
 
 






 


 join us in-person, saturday, february 22, 2025; 10:00 am - 12:00 pm est  

 
 





 


 application deadline (all training programs): april 1  

 
 





 


 click the image to give to bpsi.  

 
 





 


  click the banner to learn more.  

 
 


 



listening to deepening analytic workcontemporary psychoanalysis offers a rich and transformative therapeutic tool to alleviate suffering. please join us virtually to hear a bpsi candidate present their deepening work to a senior analyst which will offer a lens into the therapeutic action of psychoanalysis. there will be ample time for questions and discussion about the clinical process and about the presenter’s experience as a candidate in analytic training. 
training application deadline: april 1please submit all training applications and related materials (letters of reference etc.) via email to admissions@bpsi.org. application fees may be paid online. click the banner for more information. 
annual givingyour gifts to bpsi’s annual giving make it possible to continue to offer a breadth of programs/events for our membership and the public, manage new opportunities, and respond to unanticipated challenges. your generosity supports tuition scholarships, our commitment to anti-racism, outreach initiatives for early career clinicians, and our community education program “explorations in mind.”  every gift matters. thank you for your thoughtful consideration and support.
 bpsi's commitment to anti-racismour anti-racism pledge is a public commitment to acknowledge the history of race and racism as a shared problem that must be addressed by psychoanalysis, as a fundamental issue of human rights, and to give sustained attention to values, priorities, and efforts to achieve meaningful change.   


our commitment to anti-racism

our anti-racism pledge is a public commitment to acknowledge the history of race and racism as a shared problem that must be addressed by psychoanalysis, as a fundamental issue of human rights, and to give sustained attention to values, priorities, and efforts to achieve meaningful change.
 

community psychoanalysis concentration

the community psychoanalysis concentration (cpc) is a generative, experimental project that convenes clinicians, scholars, and community leaders—from bpsi and other communities—to think and learn together about the intersection of psychoanalysis and community life/work/action.
 

the bpsi ecker fellows program

called the “bpsi ecker fellows program,“ this yearly initiative will involve a small cohort of distinguished early-to-mid career professionals in the performing arts, who will be offered an opportunity for sustained study of psychoanalytic principles in order to deepen and enrich their creative endeavors.
 

honoring anton o. kris

the kris family invites you to give a gift in honor of tony by contributing to the newly established anton o. kris visiting scholar program at bpsi.
 
 


our recent work



 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 
 
read more
 

from the blog

dec 10, 2024
anthony d. bram – psychological assessment of emotional dysregulation in children and adolescents: the bipolar spectrum and beyond

preorders can be purchased here. about the book this book...
 
 

nov 26, 2024
cordelia schmidt-hellerau – life drive & death drive, libido & lethe: a clear road through freud’s metapsychology leading to helpful findings and new concepts

book purchases can be made here. about the book...
 
 
read more
 
 
 



141 herrick roadnewton centre, ma 02459
 
t. 617.266.0953e. team@bpsi.org
   
get connected
 
   
   
 

click here to view our grievance policy & procedure or here to view our web/social media disclaimer.
©boston psychoanalytic society & institute
created by imaj associates    •    suggestions for this website? email us.

 
 



  who we arereach bpsiabout usfrequently asked questionsmission, vision, and governanceour historyboard of trusteesbpsi bulletinfacultyadult program facultyatp/fellowship facultychild program facultyjoin the bpsi communityprofessional affiliationstraining/educationadult psychoanalysisprogram overviewtraining program elementssyllabifaculty & candidatesadmissionstraining analysismentoringchild psychoanalysisprogram overviewtraining program elementssyllabifaculty & candidatesadmissionschild & adolescent supervisory analystsjoint adult & child psychoanalysisadvanced psychoanalytic psychotherapy (atp)program overviewtraining program elementssyllabifaculty & studentsadmissionsatp supervisorsatp mentoringone-year fellowshipfellowship overviewtraining program elementssyllabifaculty & studentsfellowship admissionsfellow mentoringcommunity psychoanalysis concentrationaffiliate scholar programfinancial assistanceadjusted fee analysispublic programspublic programs overviewthe bpsi ecker fellows programchild & familyexplorations in mindexplorations in mind registrationsocial awarenesskravitz awardpublic program registrationlibraryabout the librarylibrary newsresourcesbpsi resources on race, equity, diversity, and othernessbpsi resources: enactmentsbpsi resources: climate change & climate anxietylibrary servicescataloguearchivescollectionsaudiovisual materialsbpsi history collectionsphotographs and exhibitsreferralsfind an analyst or therapistreferral request formfrequently asked questionstuition/duesmember duesmember tuitionbpsi portalgivemake a giftother ways to givematching giftsmake a tribute giftplanned giftsthe anton o. kris visiting scholar programblog/videolibrary cornersocial awarenessarts at bpsibpsi video eventsbpsi video interviewsfilm series
















