


heat index + sports @zunis






welcome to the home page of the zunis foundation. 
the goal of the zunis foundation is to make sports safer and more enjoyable for
everyone. to further these ends, the zunis foundation supports research into
sports-related health issues. our current focus is on exercise-related heat illness, with
special emphasis on studies of weather patterns which may promote illness.
please browse our site, print our pages and give us feedback. heat index charts for 101
us cities are free for your use from this web site. charts for even more cities are
available from zunis for a small fee. we'd love to hear from you-- click here to send us e-mail.

the zunis web site map:

the zunis foundation home page. where you are
    now.
sports philosophy. 
	 how we see it.
weather concerns.  notes on the
    importance of weather in sports.
chart basics. a review of how our charts were
    constructed.
how to read our charts. comments
    on what the charts mean.

using our charts effectively:
    solution of a sample problem
cities are heat islands. 
	 a look at
    confounding variables. this page leads to two other "heat island" pages, each of
    which presents key information.

my dinner with andre and huswo.
    reflections on a tennis tournament troubled by heat-related problems.

a tale of
    four cities: overnight cooling on august 4th.
the zunis wonder
    trainer. let the zunis foundation increase your aerobic work capacity
    by 78% overnight for just $646.26!!!
hot football in alabama. a
    weather study of late summer in alabama concludes that football practice there is rarely
    held in safe conditions.
see how they run. what is the effect
    of air temperature on long-distance running performance? find out here.

weather roulette in
    pittsburgh. the 1986 pittsburgh marathon resulted in a large number of heat
    injuries. here's what happened.

how hot is hot? how safe is safe?
    examine the data which underpins the ideas we hold dear.
sweat, perspiration and glow.
    the evaporation of sweat is what permits hot weather exercise. here are the limits of its
    protection.

melbourne summer: jekyll and hyde.
    summer in melbourne, australia, is quite pleasant, really. except when it's unbearable.
    here's a look at the split personality of victoria's gem.
at least there's a breeze: wind/heat.
    strange to say, an un-cool breeze can heat the exercising athlete significantly. here's
    how.
the chart room. look at the us map or a
    chart from your favorite city. these 100+ cities and 800+ charts are derived from more
    than 576,000 hourly weather observations.
the map room. the same charts available in
    the chart room can be accessed from this page by clicking on a us map.
the chart store. this is a listing of all
    the maps available from the zunis foundation by mail.
exercise-related heat injury registry. an opportunity to add to our heat-injury database by reporting an injury which has come to
    your attention. replies will be kept confidential. 
	(inactive as of 03/16/2013.)
the library: useful papers and web links.
	
this page includes links to 
	powerpoint presentations.
heat stress adviser: a program for palm-type pda's and
    for microsoft windows.  
this program produces estimation of the powerful wet
    bulb globe temperature (wbgt) heat stress index, using inexpensive temperature/humidity
    instruments or information from a nearby airport. it also provides automatic linkage to
    sport-specific guidelines for current conditions. in addition, event safety
    calculator for windows is also available. these are free
downloads.
heat stress adviser for apple macintosh os x.
    free download from this site.

the cardiology library.
	a collection of helpful links, 
	powerpoint presentations, calculators and other useful items.

the zunis foundation is a charitable organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the
internal revenue code of 1986. please click on this link to read the zunis web site conditions of use document.

next page



