







saniserv® food service equipment – saniserv® – an affinis® company – made in the usa







































facebooktwitterinstagramabout saniserv®
press room
contact saniserv®
customer support
knowledgebase
contact us today! 317-831-7030 


0shopping carthome
ice cream / yogurt

all ice cream / yogurt machines


shakes

all shake machines


frozen beverage

all frozen beverage machines


batch freezers

all batch freezers


accessories

all accessories


search




menu


menu

 






since 1929.your best bet for everything in the frosted glass.
all saniserv® productsparts & supportsince 1929.your best bet for everything above the cone.
all saniserv® productsparts & supportsince 1929.your best bet for everything under the cherry.
all saniserv® productsparts & supportserving youyesterday, today and tomorrow.
all saniserv® productsparts & supportpreviousnext1234

saniserv® is made in the usa
simplistic design, rugged construction and continuous improvement put saniserv® at the forefront of the frozen dessert and drink marketplace. state of the art control systems and fewer internal parts ensure that our machines are easy to use and easy to clean.
with saniserv® equipment you’ll spend more time serving tasty treats and less time servicing your machines.
founded in 1929, saniserv® began as a manufacturer of amusement park equipment in indianapolis, indiana. two years later, we made the very first frozen custard machine. our products paved the way for food service automation, contributing to the 1950’s fast food boom.
today, the saniserv® division of products is available to every customer base in the food-service industry including consultant-specified bid and institutional work, government and the military, and private businesses.




ice cream / yogurt machinessaniserv®…..       because softserve shouldn’t be hard




more information on saniserv® ice cream / yogurt machines
view our frozen dessert machine summary brochure (pdf)product line:
saniserv’s® wide product line offers the right solution for each customer. from a small cafe or restaurant to a high volume frozen yogurt shop or fast food chain saniserv’s® high quality american made equipment is the most reliable on the market.  if it was not, would we offer the industry’s best 3 year limited parts warranty?   
key points:
softserv and frozen yogurt are high-margin offerings which makes it ever more important that the quality of the desert and the up-time of the equipment always be excellent.  our equipment is american made by american craftsmen in our indianapolis, indiana factory.  we work hard to engineer simplicity into everything we do.  fewer parts means there’s less to break and less to clean – and it’s easy to do.  our state of the art accufreeze® controls gives product a longer life – and a better taste/consistency.
your customers deserve the best products when they visit and saniserv® makes that promise one that’s easy to keep.   let’s talk about how we can take great care of you, as we do countless others.
testimonial:
“last year we purchased saniserv machines for all our locations and we have been very pleased with the quality and ease of use of these machines. i would highly recommend these soft serve machines to any food service establishment”

incredible pizza co


shake machinessaniserv®…..     reliability from the team that serves the best




more information on saniserv® shake machines
view our frozen dessert machine summary brochure (pdf)product line:
if you’re looking for high reliability and the best product for your customers we’ve got you covered.  high production restaurant chains count on saniserv®  and we have models to suit every need.   floor models, one for your counter-top, ones that pump out multiple flavors.  our customers trust saniserv’s® high quality equipment – you should too.   who else offers a 3-year limited parts warranty?   of course, we do!!   wonder why?
key points:
saniserv® shake machines scale to suit your operation.   whether a restaurant needs to serve up a couple per minute or a fast-food chain needs to pump out shakes every 10-15 seconds saniserv makes a unit that fits the bill.  our well engineered machines automatically mix each shake uniformly to ensure a perfect shake every time.   quick recovery times allow you to serve your customers quickly and our high-quality equipment makes it likely your customers will be enjoying a cold and refreshing shake while “the other guy’s” machines are down – again.
your customers deserve the best products when they visit and saniserv® makes that promise one that’s easy to keep.   let’s talk about how we can take great care of you, as we do countless others.
testimonial:
“i can’t find anything wrong. i try – it just works. i’ve used saniserv machines for ten years without any problems ” 
michelle plummber, indiana dairy association


frozen beverage machinesthe frozen margarita was invented based on saniserv’s® technology.   seriously – saniserv® – the first – and still best.




more information on saniserv® frozen beverage machines
view our frozen dessert machine summary brochure (pdf)product line:
whether you’re serving up ice cold margaritas, cherry slushies, or customer favorite frozen drinks saniserv® machines are built to serve your needs – so you can well serve those of your customers.  our diverse line combines excellent performance and an visually appealing design including a faceplate that allows customers to see the colorful product and a customizable back lit sign to increase visibility and awareness.  great machines, high-reliability and consistent product output – all three are ingredients for happy customers, higher sales and great margins.
key points:
from 6-gallons to a whopping 28-gallons per hour (that’s about 1 drink per minute) saniserv® machines have fast recovery times, multiple beverage flavors in one machine and simple plug-and-play functionality.   we engineer and build all saniserv® machines in our indianapolis, indiana based factory using american parts and labor.  while some find this patriotic others appreciate that parts, support and service is available without international shipping and offshore support.    we’re here to make sure you’re well supported.  we’re proud that our equipment offers a 3-year limited parts warranty and we hope that gives you some piece of mind.   we’ve put our money where our mouth is so you can keep your money in your pocket.  if we’re this confident in our stuff we believe you should be also.
your customers deserve the best products when they visit and saniserv® makes that promise one that’s easy to keep.   let’s talk about how we can take great care of you, as we do countless others.
testimonials:
“since 1987, i’ve recommended saniserv frozen beverage machines to hotels, restaurants, and resorts. saniserv’s  simplistic design and rugged construction provides customers with a consistent, signature beverage every time.”    
jimmy rutter
president, frozen drink machines and services of alabama


batch freezersfast, reliable, lowest cost of ownership, best warranty…..   need more reasons?   keep reading.




more information on saniserv® batch freezers
view our frozen dessert machine summary brochure (pdf)product line:
we’ve designed our batch freezers to provide a consistent quality product every time.   whether your need calls or a medium or high volume machine or your space requirement calls for a countertop or free-standing unit, saniserv® has you covered. short production times means you’re able to quickly take care of customers with an endless range of choices.
key points:
these single yield machines are easy to operate, clean and sanitize.    saniserv’s® focus on quality engineering delivers reliable performance with the fewer parts – which means there is less to break.  they can be disassembled and put back together quickly making them a snap to maintain which means you’re spending time serving your customers delicious frozen treats and less time apologizing that your equipment is “out of service.”   every saniserv® machines is made with durable steel interior frame construction, heavy duty components and consistency systems.   and, each comes with a three year limited parts warranty.   we stand behind our products much longer than our competitors – because we make good stuff and are confident you’ll enjoy the reliability we offer better than anyone.
your customers deserve the best products when they visit and saniserv® makes that promise one that’s easy to keep.   let’s talk about how we can take great care of you, as we do countless others.
testimonial:
“adi’s customers prefer saniserv equipment because it is easy to use, extremely reliable and very dependable!”
enrique “henry” muniz
adi territory sales manager


accessoriesoptions to make your saniserv equipment meet your unique requirements




more information on saniserv® accessories
view our frozen dessert machine summary brochure (pdf)whether you’re looking for options to make your saniserv equipment more efficient (and profitable) for your operation or ways to customize how you take great care of your customers we have the accessories you need.   make your equipment more versatile, easier to maintain and more flexible with factory engineered add-ons.
our customers (and yours) deserve the best possible products and saniserv’s industry-best equipment can be made even better to meet you particular requirements.

  


© 2025 - saniserv | an affinis® company | made in the usa | 317-831-7030 | www.affinis.biz
facebooktwitterinstagramopen positions
customer support
knowledgebase (limited access)
contact saniserv®







scroll to top



















