





home — treasurydirect






skip navigation







an official website of the united states government

            here’s how you know
            




u.s. department of the treasury









official websites use .gov
            a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
          






secure .gov websites use https
            a lock () or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
          










menu



log in
















savings bonds


about u.s. savings bonds
buy a bond
gift a savings bond
cash in a bond
savings bond value calculator
manage bonds
forms for savings bonds
treasury hunt




treasury marketable securities


about treasury marketable securities
treasury bills
treasury bonds
treasury notes
tips
floating rate notes (frns)
strips
forms for treasury marketable securities
treasury hunt




auctions


about auctions
how auctions work (participating)
when auctions happen (schedules)
reopenings
announcements, data & results
buyback announcements and results
upcoming auctions
recent auction results
auction search (query)
auction press releases
auction regulations (uoc)




laws and regulations


about laws and regulations
auction regulations (uoc)
collateral programs
commercial book-entry regulations (trades)
frauds, phonies, & scams
government securities act (gsa) regulations
large position reporting (lpr)
redemption ops (buyback) rules
treasury marketable securities regulations
savings bond regulations
treasurydirect regulations



research center

government users


for government users
federal investments program
slgs & slgsafe
security liquidation & proceeds
federal borrowings program
treasury managed accounts
funds management program reports
history of the debt
public debt reports 
interest rates and prices 





mailing lists
news
about
forms
help center
contact us











about treasurydirect
treasurydirect.gov is the one and only place to electronically buy and redeem u.s. savings bonds. we also offer electronic sales and auctions of other u.s.-backed investments to the general public, financial professionals, and state and local governments.


more about treasurydirect








login





log in




login help
open a new account





















direct file is a new irs service that allows eligible people to prepare and file their tax return online, for free, directly with the irs – saving them time and money. learn more and file your taxes at: directfile.irs.gov







savings bonds





buy or gift a savings bond






cash in a savings bond






find the value of my bond






search for treasury securities






manage savings bonds









today’s rates






series ee savings bonds

2.60%
for ee bonds issued november 1, 2024 to april 30, 2025.








series i savings bonds

3.11%
this includes a fixed rate of 1.20%
for i bonds issued november 1, 2024 to april 30, 2025.







more about savings bonds







30-year bonds










10-year notes









see all auction results
more about treasury marketable securities




processing times
heavy volume is slowing our response time to cases sent by mail.
the following transactions require at least 2 weeks of processing time if bonds and/or treasurydirect accounts are in your name.

cashing paper savings bonds where you are named on the bonds, and you send in the bonds with your request
unlocking your treasurydirect account or updating your banking information within that account
converting your paper savings bonds into electronic format (in a treasurydirect account)

requests to search for lost, stolen or missing savings bonds require at least 4 months to process.
other paper savings bond transactions you are authorized to handle, but not in your name require at least 6 weeks to process.
other treasurydirect requests, including trusts, may require 6 months or more to process.




special announcements for treasurydirect account holders:
2024 1099 tax forms for treasurydirect will be available january 31, 2025. see our 1099 information.
you can call us from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. et, monday through friday, at 844-284-2676.
the annual purchase limit for series i savings bonds in treasurydirect is $10,000.
check out our new savings bond explainer page







latest news
february  2025

the fiscal service announces activity for securities in the strips program for january 2025

january  2025

fiscal service aids savings bonds owners in california affected by wildfires and straight-line winds; one-year minimum holding period waived
the fiscal service announces activity for securities in the strips program for december 2024

december  2024

fiscal service aids savings bonds owners in west virginia affected by tropical storm helene; one-year minimum holding period waived
the fiscal service announces activity for securities in the strips program for november 2024

november  2024

fiscal service aids savings bonds owners of the crow tribe of montana affected by severe storm and straight-line winds; one-year minimum holding period waived
fiscal service aids savings bonds owners of the seminole tribe in florida affected by hurricane milton; one-year minimum holding period waived
fiscal service aids savings bonds owners in new mexico affected by severe storm and flooding; one-year minimum holding period waived 
fiscal service aids savings bonds owners in the cheyenne river sioux tribe affected by severe storm, straight-line winds, and flooding; one-year minimum holding period waived 
the fiscal service announces activity for securities in the strips program for october 2024
fiscal service announces new savings bonds rates, series i to earn 3.11%, series ee to earn 2.60%




see all news







help center guides






savings bonds help

redeeming a paper savings bond
              


change of ownership
              


lost, stolen, or destroyed bonds
              


see more
              









securities & auctions

participate in an auction
              


types of bids
              


searching by cusip number
              


see more
              









logging in

forgot my password
              


forgot my account number
              


help with one-time passcodes
              


see more
              
















gift a savings bond
            









we're here to help







contact us




































connect with us

x (formerly twitter)
facebook
youtube
rss feeds



legal information

freedom of information act
privacy
terms & conditions
data quality
for web developers
accessibility



related sites

treasury.gov
fiscaldata.treasury.gov
usaspending.gov
bureau of the fiscal service
usa.gov
data.gov
regulations.gov



















