









golf, weddings, events, business at the drift golf club | surrey




















































 





 








contact us today    t: 01483 284641




book a tee time
member’s log-in

















golf

academy & trackman driving range
green fees
golf membership
society, corporate & open golf events
professional shop & tuition
ladies give golf a go
golf sim studio


events
weddings

wedding gallery


dining
business

partners


news
contact

book a tee time
member’s log-in






 












watch video 
							



 














driving rangeexperience our stunning trackman driving range, complete with ball tracking technology, games and fitting studios. open to everyone. unlimited balls with your booking.
more






host your perfect eventwe understand that ‘choice of venue’ is one of the most important decisions when planning a special event. find out why the drift is the place for you
more






membershipdiscover the exclusive benefits of a membership at the drift
more






tee off at the driftmembers and visitors: welcome to our glorious course, designed by celebrated architect robert sandow to challenge golfers of all standards
more




call us on 01483 284641 to talk to the team at the drifta warm welcome to the driftthe magnificent drift was created in east horsley in 1975 by major winner sir henry cotton and architect robert sandow. 
following recent significant investment, the course has flourished with a vibrant membership community and visitors from around the country. the drift is renowned not only for its golf course but also as a venue for weddings, parties, functions, meetings and other celebrations in our light and spacious function rooms with beautiful views of the surrounding golf course and woodland.
we look forward to welcoming you. 





weddings at the driftyour perfect day, your way. be inspired and enjoy the support of a bespoke wedding coordinator at every step of the way.more




meetingswe have a vibrant business community at the drift. it's also the perfect venue for work meetings and conferences. find out what the drift could offer your business.more




professional shop & tuitionmeet our team of pga qualified professionals and discover more about our range of tuition options and fully-stocked pro shop.more












amazing venue!  
							"we just had our wedding party here and it could not have been better. the venue is brilliant, with plenty of room, loads of natural light, outdoor space and is a stunning location. even better than the location were the staff. 
my wife and i couldn't have wished for a better celebration and we have 130 extremely happy guests too!"
matt l 
							 



"just been with my friend for a lovely catch up. the afternoon tea was really nice. the best one i have had, and such a good price." 
							a great venue!  
							 



"we had a wonderful time with our family and friends. the mothers day menu was fab! the staff are wonderful, fun, kind and funny. it was an amazing experience. we would definitely go again. we recommend for everyone" 
							best carvery ever! 
							imogen 
							 



"i found staff and members at the drift golf club very welcoming for someone new to the area. a very picturesque and challenging course that is well maintained all year round.  very pleased to have joined." 
							great place to play!  
							grant nicholas, cobham 
							 















the drift – news and views




the drift 2024 captains raise over £28,000 for local charityon sunday the outgoing 2024 captains finished their year in style with the annual 'putt-out' on the 18th green. they were then joined by jane felton from oakleaf enterprises, a…more
may we keep in touch? sign up for regular updates

	notice: javascript is required for this content.






today's weatherforecast: 6°c with 4% chance of rain 


the drift golf club, the drift, east horsley, surrey kt24 5hd
contact us today  | e: info@driftgolfclub.com | t: 01483 284641
© the drift golf club 2024 | privacy policy | designed by journey ltd
 



















ok








































