







community options, inc.















































































skip to content
































about us mission office locations arizona iowa maryland new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york pennsylvania south carolina tennessee texas utah history usaid national staff robert stack coi board of directors coe board of directors coi ny board of directors the york foundation board of directors careers with us annual report annual report archive stories acts of kindness our success stories testimonials policies contact usget involved advocacy self advocacy leaders caregiver funding transition subminimum wage communicating with congress public policy issues business advisory council (cobac) history of cobac letter from chairperson of cobac cobac subcommittees how cobac members support coi efforts facts about the americans with disabilities act financial gifts annual fund tribute gifts planned giving matching gifts volunteerservices housing employment enterprises host homes  management consulting meaningful day curriculum & staff guide book positive options red ribbon academy school to employment program (step)news press releases and articles newsletters press kit logos radio shows videos robert stackcupid’s chase cupid’s chase volunteer sponsorshipevents cupid’s chase feb 14, 2026 cupid’s chase volunteer sponsorship golf tournament may 19, 2025 event photoscareers with us




 




×
about us mission office locations arizona iowa maryland new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york pennsylvania south carolina tennessee texas utah history usaid national staff robert stack coi board of directors coe board of directors coi ny board of directors the york foundation board of directors careers with us annual report annual report archive stories acts of kindness our success stories testimonials policies contact usget involved advocacy self advocacy leaders caregiver funding transition subminimum wage communicating with congress public policy issues business advisory council (cobac) history of cobac letter from chairperson of cobac cobac subcommittees how cobac members support coi efforts facts about the americans with disabilities act financial gifts annual fund tribute gifts planned giving matching gifts volunteerservices housing employment enterprises host homes  management consulting meaningful day curriculum & staff guide book positive options red ribbon academy school to employment program (step)news press releases and articles newsletters press kit logos radio shows videos robert stackcupid’s chase cupid’s chase volunteer sponsorshipevents cupid’s chase feb 14, 2026 cupid’s chase volunteer sponsorship golf tournament may 19, 2025 event photoscareers with us










search



				search			







close



 





donate













 


















community options
a nationally based nonprofit organization



we believe in the dignity of every person, and in the freedom of all people to experience the highest degree of self-determination. embracing this philosophy, we provide housing and employment opportunities for people with disabilities. 







learn more





















core services
families and individuals with disabilities choose community options.





















homes


what does home mean to you? home should be a place where residents feel safe, connected and loved. housing is a fundamental and critical right. community options ensures that people with even the most significant disabilities have a comfortable, supportive and affordable place to live. 



										homes									



















employment


employment is one of the core services provided by community options. we believe that everyone who wants to work should be given the opportunity to do so, no matter the level of their disabilities. to that end, we have developed an array of income producing projects; from entrepreneurial businesses that employ people with and without disabilities, to supported employment with one-to-one job coaching, to individual micro-enterprises.  



										employment									



















vaseful


vaseful flowers and gifts is a charming flower shop committed to serving our customers with the finest floral arrangements and gifts. we are making deliveries. all orders benefit a program that supports people with disabilities as they enter the workforce. give us a call to discuss pricing and availability for any specific requests.edison, nj 



										princeton, nj									



















step


developed in response to the youth employment rate for individuals with disabilities, the school to employment program (step) is a job training/transition program for high school students and young adults with special needs. step provides students with transferable vocational education and relevant social skill development as part of their individualized education program (iep), improving future opportunities for competitive employment and/or post-secondary education.  



										step									





































more good news












acts of kindness



we invite you to take a look at some of our stories to discover who we are and the difference we are making in our day-to-day world. 

























provide meaningful activities












meaningful day day program services curriculum & staff guidebook



meaningful day, is the first hands-on manual for direct support professionals working in day programs as well as residential services. 























cupid's chase



community options, inc. invites runners, walkers, and rollers (baby strollers and wheelchairs) to help raise funds to make a difference in the lives of people with disabilities by participating in our annual cupid’s chase 5k. because of you…we can make a difference! 








learn more







































success stories












kayla putting valuable experience to good use



after completing walgreen’s retail training program and learning all the skills needed to succeed in the workplace, kayla was ready to find the job of her dreams! kayla quickly found employment at a senior living community, where she works as a server. she loves her job and is really excelling! 

























golf classic












may 19, 2025
golf classic



monday, may 19, 2025, at union league liberty hill in lafayette hill, pa.



























our impact
how community options impacts families and individuals with disabilities in our communities.














over
5,500
individuals with disabilities supported by coi











1,772
individuals with disabilities supported residentially in the community











2,037
individuals with disabilities receiving employment services













 















community options, inc.
16 farber road, princeton, new jersey 08540
ph: 609-951-9900 | fax: 609-951-9112
toll free: 877-875-1212











about usget involvedservicesnewscupid’s chasecareers with us









donatevolunteer












© 2025 community options, inc., all rights reserved.













visit our facebook page





visit our x page





visit our youtube page





visit our instagram page





visit our linkedin page





 







 















