



	mtwerks home













mtwerks

the medical transcriptionist's resource for ms word and windows



quick links: content, navigation, search.


 
navigation

home
overview
books & videos
online classes
training
news
contact


 





you are here: home 

 




mtwerks works for you!
mtwerks is here to help you get more out of windows and ms 
				word!  learn how to take advantage of shortcut keys, 
				autotext, autocorrect, macros, templates and fields specifically 
				for medical transcription.  with books, videos, online 
				classes, and customized training, you can increase your 
				productivity, efficiency and accuracy! and for an mt, that means
				increasing your income!


do you know the single most effective way to 
				increase your productivity?







					"i can't believe what a difference spending just a little 
					bit of time with you as well as with your book has made in 
					my life concerning my time spent at my computer. i have 
					applied just a few of things that i have learned and already 
					i can do maybe 50% of my work without taking my hands from 
					the keyboard. what i am learning is how to think 
					differently. i am learning to work smarter not harder!"






more time and more money
if you work on production or even hourly with bonus, you 
				truly can earn more.  mtwerks can show you how 
				to take advantage of the tools already included with windows and 
				ms word, so you can work smarter, not harder!  
				transcriptionists, transcription departments, and mtsos can 
				increase line counts, accuracy, consistency, and the bottom 
				line!  relevant, targeted training quickly pays for itself.  
				as one mtwerks customer put it:  "paid $40, worth $400." 
				
all books, videos and classes are written and developed by 
				laura bryan, cmt, a practicing medical transcriptionist who 
				knows what mts really need to work efficiently and accurately.  
				for more than 10 years, laura has worked directly with mts all 
				across the country, from individuals to companies and large 
				hospitals, addressing their problems and creating solutions. now 
				you can learn from someone who has "been there, done that." 
				
all mtwerks products and services carry a money-back 
				satisfaction guarantee.  you have nothing to lose, only 
				money to gain!

how much does it cost you in time and money to use ms word?
click 
				here to find out





mtwerks on facebook
mtwerks on facebook

 



check out laura's newest book!



ms word for healthcare documentation: a guide for transcriptionists, editors and health information specialists 
	laura bryan, mt (ascp), cmt
mtec webinar!



increasing productivity through technology  
	next series begins june 29


related links

mededocs
pcwerks
online store
testimonials
            this has been a great help to me....k. brack
          
        


 
 
 
 


back on top ^

© 2009, mtwerks, all rights reserved                   
		terms of use  
            l  privacy practices
 

 


