





yogaclass.com - the yoga channel









 




 
yogaclass.com

serving the online communityfor over 20 years!

yoga here now free!
 


hosted by 
pair.com





 





imagine the perfect method of living a long, healthy, and happy life. 
one that is as efficient, effective, and safe as possible. 
several thousand years ago someone called it yoga. 
it's still a "fad" today! 
so "...kick off your shoes, loosen your clothing, 
and spread out your mat. class is about to begin!..."
 


 




free yoga  in your inbox! 

click here to join "yogamail"


don't miss any. sign-up now!
make your computer your friend instead of a pain in the neck!



or, send blank email to:
yogamail-subscribe@yahoogroups.com


 


breathe - pranayam


stretch - asana


workout - kriya


relax - ananda


chant - mantra


home - ashram
 




welcome to dr.kev's internet
yoga 

class 

shareware for body mind & spirit

 






"a yoga site for people and their doctors." 

--dr.kev



 



yoga is simultaneously: self-diagnosis, healing, prevention, and maintenance. 
although it is not a replacement for your doctor, it has been developed and 
practiced safely and successfully by millions of people who never had doctors, for thousands of years. 
if you are under a doctor's care already, or are seriously out of shape, 
then by all means consult with your primary health care provider before beginning yoga practice! 
that way you can both monitor your progress. and your doctor will learn from you how beneficial yoga really is!

think of "self-diagnosis" in this context: 
if you were perfectly healthy, you would be able to do most yoga postures and exercises easily with minimal effort! 
therefore as you begin learning the basic stretches, you will immediately discover where your deficiencies 
are. do not let yourself be discouraged by this. your body has adapted itself as perfectly as possible 
to all of the things you have done (or not done) with it over the course of your entire life up until now. 
with a modest amount of care and patience, yoga will trigger your body's natural adaptive and rejuvenating powers. 
if you don't use it you lose it. if you start using it again, you can get most of it back. some people claim 
that yoga gave them more vitality than they ever had in their lives. even those who began later in life. 
if you are still breathing, it is never too soon, or too late to start!



 




the essence of yoga is to make the process as efficient and enjoyable as possible. 
in the beginning it is therefore essential that you learn not only what the stretches are, but how to stretch! 
how to relax! how to breathe! then you will really be ready to workout -safely!
realizing the progress made often inspires yogis to sing for joy in praise for such divine providence! 
so there you have it. yoga! the original song and dance! 

genuine. wholesome. compassionate. 
yoga does not distill these qualities from you but rather instills them within you. it teaches you that love 
heals the giver at least as much as it does the recipient. and therein dwells the sacred power 
of community, union, harmony, yoga, and free and fair civilization.
it is your birthright to have access to this information. a sign of your wisdom if you use it. 
and of your enlightenment if you share it! 



 





"yogaclass.com" humbly transmits this most ancient and powerful of wisdoms, 
as transparently as possible, to magically transform your computer into a device that prevents 
repetitive strain injury (rsi) -among a whole host of other stress related 
'diseases of civilization' -instead of causing them!!! 
so go ahead, astonish anyone who may be looking; do yoga (wherever you are) now, free! 
there's nothing virtual about it. the search is over! this is the site 
where browsing ends, and fulfillment begins! 

yogaclass.com is not here to sell our book or video, or some guru. 
we don't want you to come to our school or ashram in some faraway place. 
we rather suspect that you came here looking for yoga. so that is what we provide. 
of the multi-denominational, therapeutic variety. intended for leaders, not followers. 
drawn from teachings of all great yoga lineages, the techniques you find here, free, 
are selected for their tried and true healing power. 
nothing in the healing arts has withstood the test of time 
and scientific scrutiny better than yoga. 
consider yogaclass.com your personal book/video/ashram/clinic! 
make yourself at home, and be heard, anytime! 
you just might even run into some other mindful people around here, too! 



 







we have no illusions of being a replacement for live classes with live teachers. 
yoga teaching is, to a large degree, a hands-on process. a gentle 
guiding touch can definitely help you fine-tune your practice. and dr.kev recommends it 
-if you can find a competent teacher nearby. if you are a 
yoga teacher, or are looking for one, please  click here! 
our goal is to make it easy for real people to discover real yoga, and to find real teachers. 
peaceful and fair global sustainability can be achieved more quickly, if ancient yogic wisdom is made available to all via the web. 

here within the yogaclass.com domain, 
you get lessons that give you a genuine experience of what yoga is all about. 
and tangible, clinically verifiable, beneficial results! 
since it is impractical to read and do yoga at the same time, 
and since you want to be sure yogic healing and revitalization really works,
yogaclass.com offers lessons freely via streaming voice and pictures!

now, for the first time ever, it is possible to publicly archive living breathing yoga, 
making it available to everyone whenever and wherever they want. 
and we want you to be completely satisfied 
in the most wholesome and profound way possible!



 



knowing what yoga really is makes choosing a teacher a lot easier! 
besides the obvious personal benefits you will enjoy, 
we also want you to become an informed yoga student to help inspire teachers to even higher  
standards of excellence. even just by being here and using the archive you are 
proving that the public not only demands competent online yoga instruction, 
but competent real teachers as well! thank-you! 



whether this is your first exposure to yoga or you are a seasoned 
adept, we are confident that you will find this 
approach fresh, engaging, appropriately challenging, and informative. the most difficult part 
really is forgiving yourself for not starting sooner! so kick off your shoes, loosen your clothing, 
and spread out your mat. class is about to begin!...

serving everywhere, all the time. 
yogaclass.com offers you this content freely 
in the spirit of healing and harmony. 


home - ashram

chant - mantra

relax - ananda

workout - kriya

stretch - asana

breathe - pranayama

 


  





proceed to page 2:

yogacentral

  



© 1995-2017 
dr.kev






