















marion, nc | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    services      business      community      government      departments  


 

 

 

 

 





 







follow our social media pages!







facebook





view all




/quicklinks.aspx



 
 





alerts




there are no alerts at this time.






 
 
 

 

 












search







 
 
 












 














employment








apply for permits








online payments










 
 














report an issue








main street cameras








gis










 
 
 

























 
 














 
 
 









news flash









advertisement for bids for mcdowell county 


advertisement for bids

mcdowell county nc						read on...







leaf collection truck is down 









notice of upcoming water interruption 









veterans day 2024 









upcoming debris removal guidelines 


as we clean up our properties, please follow these guidelines for upcoming debris removal!						read on...






city of marion named as one of world atlas' top 7 underrated small towns to explore 


additional info...







ella fowler young named may citizen of the month 


at the council meeting on tuesday evening, council member billy martin presented ella fowler young as citizen of the month for may 2024.						read on...







jo pyatt named april citizen of the month 


council member don ramsey selected jo pyatt as marion city council's april citizen of the month at the tuesday, april 2nd, council meeting.						read on...







walt bagwell named march citizen of the month 


council member chet effler selected walt bagwell as marion city council's march citizen of the month at the tuesday, march 5th, council meeting.						read on...







debora workman named october's citizen of the month 


mayor pro tem woody ayers selected debora workman as marion city council’s october citizen of the month during the tuesday, october 3 meeting.						read on...







jacque mentink named september citizen of the month 


council member chet effler selected realtor jacque gouge mentink as september's citizen of the month.						read on...







city, centro unido latino-americano and the building integrated communities program join forces 


read on...







danny hampton named june citizen of the month 


council member don ramsey selected freedom life ministries executive director danny hampton as the city of marion's june citizen of the month.						read on...







marion named one of the best places to retire in nc 


the city of marion, north carolina, was recently named one of the top 10 places to retire in north carolina.						read on...







allen and debra gurley are may's citizens of the month 


council member billy martin selected allen and debra gurley as may’s citizens of the month.						read on...







joseph mcdowell historical catawba greenway named part of new blue ridge snorkel trail 


the joseph mcdowell historical catawba river greenway was recently named to the north carolina wildlife commission's new blue ridge snorkel trail.						read on...







margarita ramirez named october's citizen of the month 


margarita ramirez was nominated as citizen of the month for october 2022 by council member billy martin.						read on...







john and joneric bruner named citizens of the month june 2022 


during the tuesday, june 7 city council meeting, city council members and mayor little named john and joneric bruner marion's june citizens of the month.						read on...







create an account 


with the myaccount feature, you can customize your viewing experience, sign up for notifications, and engage in information you care about.						read on...







stay connected! 


subscribe to notify me to receive updates and information about community news and happenings.						read on...







keep in touch 


stay in touch with us by following us on twitter, becoming our friend on facebook, or subscribing to one of our rss feeds.			






website personalization now available! 


with the launch of the new myaccount feature, visitors to our website can now customize their viewing experience!						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 









 





 








 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







p.o. drawer 700marion, nc 28752phone: (828) 652-3551fax: (828) 652-1983email us
 






  
 







quick links







city council



code enforcement



waste & recycling



facility rentals



gis map



employee portal









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









