








rapture pages


welcome
to the  rapture
pages
a berean study of the endtimes
by sheila  sternberg

what does the bible really say about the timing
of the





 and when these things begin to come to pass,
then look up,
and lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth
nigh.



 
 


the
rapture of the church is that time when a trumpet will sound, and our lord
jesus (yeshua in hebrew) will descend from heaven with a shout, and we
believers who are alive at the time will rise to meet our lord in the air,
our mortal bodies being changed into glorified immortal bodies. this is
a literal future event. no "virtual" reality needed here.
believers
have long argued about when the rapture would occur. most agree that "no
one knows the day or hour" but considering that over one third of the holy
scriptures are prophetic in nature, few people have really dug in to find
the truth for themselves. most will agree with their pastor, or with some
famous theologian who has written extensively or spoken persuasively on
the subject, but do we dare delegate that task (and when we don't study
for ourselves, isn't that exactly what we are doing) when being wrong means
leading our loved ones headlong into the
 
"great tribulation, such as has not occurred since the beginning of the
world until now, nor ever shall" totally
unprepared???

let
me pause for a moment and say that if you have not yet trusted the messiah
to pay the penalty for your sins and save you from an eternity of pain
and despair, then when the lord comes for his own, you won't be going anywhere.
you will be left down here to go through the day of the lord's wrath, and
then it's off to... well, you
know where, but your fate is not fixed in stone... not
yet.  the good news
is that today the lord is offering you the free gift of salvation.
like any other gift, though, it will do you no good unless you accept it.
follow the link right now to learn how to receive it.

if
you have already received the lord, then you already have your "ticket to
heaven" (so to speak), but when do we leave? maybe you think that we are out of here before
the "seven year tribulation" begins (pre-tribber), or perhaps you are one
of those who just isn't really concerned about it because you think everything
will pan-out in the end (a.k.a. pan-tribber :-). you are the very brothers
and sisters i would beg to read my letter
of warning. do not delay! the safety of your family may very well
depend on it.


 


table
of contents




letter
of warning - this is a must read!
'but if the  watchman 
sees the sword coming and does not blow the trumpet, and the people are
not warned, and a sword comes and takes a person from them, he is taken
away in his iniquity; but his blood i will require from the watchman's
hand.'
timeline
of endtime events
this is a visual representation
of the sequence events during daniel's seventieth week and beyond, including
scripture references.
what
day and hour?
"but of that day and hour
no one knows, not even the angels of heaven, nor the son, but the father
alone..."   what is the antecedent for
"that day and hour" in matt 24:36 or mark 13:32? 
pretrib
rapture problems
here are six inconsistencies
in the pretrib rapture scenario,  briefly stated.
is
the doctrine of imminence taught in the bible?
many people believe that
jesus could return to rapture us away "at any moment," but what did jesus
himself teach?
is
luke 21:20-24 historical or future?
"but when you see jerusalem
surrounded by armies... and jerusalem will be trampled under foot by the
gentiles until the times of the gentiles be fulfilled."
what
is the "blessed hope"?
"...looking for the blessed
hope and the appearing of the glory of our great god and savior, christ
jesus..."
could
jerusalem possibly be mystery babylon?
i'm really going out on
a limb here, but can i write all of this off as mere coincidence?
is
the church missing after revelation 4:1 ?
if it is, then it's missing
from a whole lot of other places we might ought to consider.
is
your name written in the book of life?
it better be, because the
alternative is...
hell
does the bible teach that
there is an eternal place of torment?



   books
available

    links - persecution of christians and 
        jews

pray for those suffering
persecution around the world
    search
the entire bible
use the bible gateway easy
look up to search the entire bible (version of your choice) in a new browser
window.  as you read my studies, search the scriptures diligently
to see if these things are true!








people
have been warned!!!





copyright © 1997-2006
sheila
sternberg


