




roadnotes – camping and traveling in america


























 







skip to content 




						roadnotes
					


					camping and traveling in america
				
 





 






menu 
home
articles
contact
 









lacygne lake and wildlife area 
may 2, 2023 by roadnotes 


there is a free camping area near lacygne, kansas, just east of us-69 highway at the 399th street exit. several parking areas are available for you to pick a spot and set up your tent or park the rv. vault toilets are located near the boat ramp but no other amenities are provided. there are no picnic tables, fire rings, trash dumpsters, hookups, or potable water.
the camping area is located on the north end of the reservoir where the creek feeds into the lake. the area is maintained by the kansas department of wildlife and parks. a brochure can be downloaded by following the link below:

lacygne lake and wildlife area

watch the video



categories articles leave a comment 





douglas state fishing lake 
april 30, 2023 by roadnotes 


douglas state fishing lake is a 180-acre lake northeast of baldwin city, kansas, off us-56 highway. the lake and recreation area was constructed in the early 1960’s and is surrounded by 538 acres of wildlife area. there is free primitive camping in designated areas along the lake’s western shoreline. there are vault toilets but no hookups, drinking water, or trash dumpsters. there are some picnic tables and makeshift fire rings. camping is considered dispersed as there are no designated sites, just pick a spot and set up your tent or park the rv.
you can download the park’s official brochure by selecting the link below:

douglas state fishing lake




categories articles leave a comment 





marais des cygnes state wildlife area 
april 30, 2023april 29, 2023 by roadnotes 


there are two free camping sites easily accessed from us-69 highway near pleasanton, kansas. the sites are located within the marais des cygne state wildlife area, not to be confused with the nearby national wildlife refuge (which does not offer camping).
the sites are about 5 miles west of us-69 at the kansas highway 52 exit. both are along the banks of the marais des cygne river, popular with locals for fishing and canoeing. each site is equipped with a picnic table and makeshift fire ring. no other amenities are available; no vault toilets, no water, and no trash dumpsters.
﻿


categories articles tags free camping, kansas leave a comment 





free camping logbook and journal 
april 17, 2023 by roadnotes 


many travelers like to record their daily travels in some type of logbook or journal. a few years ago, i wrote about the many logbooks sold on amazon (see original post here). the difficult part is finding one that suits your needs as there are thousands to choose from. so i’ve created a simple form you can use for free.
this camping logbook sheet is formatted so you can print it on three-hole paper (or regular paper and use a three-hole punch) to place in a binder. it provides space for writing a campground’s name and location, your arrival and departure dates, as well as the site number and cost per night. use the check boxes to identify campsite features such as:

picnic tables
fire pits/rings
bbq grills
pull-thru sites
tent pads
electric, water, and sewer hookups
50-amp service
cable tv connection

you can also check off the features available within the campground such as:

flush toilets
showers
laundry
dump station
wireless internet

space is also provided to indicate when the campground is open (all year or seasonal). lastly, there is space for you to write about your experience while staying at the campground.
the campground logbook sheet is in pdf format and can be downloaded by selecting the following link:

free campground logbook sheet



categories articles leave a comment 





the next exit 2023 
april 12, 2023 by roadnotes 


many of us rely on our cell phones while traveling on interstate highways for finding gas, food, lodging, and more at the highway exits. most of the time it works well but there are times when there is no signal or you’ve got a low battery.
the next exit is a paperback book that has been popular for many, many years. it is helpful to have this in your car, truck, or rv as you travel. the book doesn’t require batteries nor a cell signal, either. inside you’ll find information about services available at exits along interstate highways such as gas, food, lodging, shopping, and a lot more.
to learn more or purchase a copy, see the sales page at amazon (affiliate link).



categories articles leave a comment 



post navigation

older posts

page1
page2
…
page8
next → 






search for:



videos be sure to check out some of our videos on rumble or youtube.

popular books 
bureau of land management camping
camping in state parks: eastern usa
camping in state parks: western usa
casino camping
corps of engineers camping
interstate rest areas
national forest camping
national park service camping
rv camping in corps of engineers parks
rv camping in national parks
rv camping in state parks
rv dump stations
walmart directory
walmart locator


our websites 
interstate rest areas
roadnotes
roundabout publications
rv dump stations
scenic drives usa
travel books usa
walmart locator


recent commentsmark stanley on rv manufacturersdon on towing capacity worksheetus roofer on rv manufacturersnicole on small rv manufacturersjason on towing capacity worksheetno ai use the owner of this website does not consent to the content on this website being used or downloaded by any third parties for the purposes of developing, training or operating artificial intelligence or other machine learning systems…read more…

free newsletter subscribe to the best newsletter about rv camping, travel, news, and so much more. select this link to learn more.

 








copyright notice the content contained in this website may be used for personal reference only and may not be reproduced in any form without permission from roundabout publications.
 

disclaimer although efforts are made to ensure the accuracy of the information presented, roundabout publications shall have neither liability nor responsibility to any person or entity with respect to any loss or damage caused, or alleged to be caused, directly or indirectly by the information contained herein.
 

amazon associates roundabout publications is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn revenue by advertising and linking to amazon.com.

 






					copyright © 2025 • roadnotes				














