








my weigh | some of the best digital scales on earth.



































































































skip to content








 









home
view scales
support
 

 menu


home
view scales
support
 
















myweigh 











we make high-quality scales for all your weighing needs. 



myweigh makes reliably accurate weighing instruments and is one of the best selling brands of precision compact scales worldwide.we make high-quality scales for all your weighing needs. 







 















superior qualitymyweigh creates high-quality scales and accessories for all users, earning a reputation as an innovator in the digital scale industry. 







amazing varietywhether you are looking for a high-precision scale that fits in your pocket or an xxl shipping scale for your warehouse, myweigh has you covered. 







specializedmyweigh is focused on developing breakthrough digital weighing technologies from an idea in our lab to your home or business. 






















large weighing platform 
							translating the chef's craft for every kitchen

 
							retractable mini tray 
							2 line display 
							
mini tray capacity - 200g x 0.1 g 
							
detachable front panel 
							

large tray capacity - 8kg x 1g 
							 


water resisitant 
							rechargable battery 
							stainless steel platform 
							
capacity - 3000g x 0.1g 
							
timer & counting function  
							
 
















our tech 











industry changing innovations from one of the most technologically advanced digital scale companies in the world.
 













advanced digital weighing technology provides you with extremely accurate weight readings.an auto shut off feature conserves battery power. most units will automatically turn off within 90 seconds of inactivity.my weigh led displays with a back-light makes reading the digital scale’s display from a distance possible and dimly lit rooms.the scale is wrapped in an impact absorbent rubber that helps protect the scale from shocks.upon standing on the scale, it can store and identify different users.powered by light, no batteries required. our my weigh scales work in both natural and artificial lighting conditions.stainless steel material resists rust, a necessity in a food preparation environment where contact with water and other liquids is commonplace.scale will audibly announce the measured weight, especially useful to users that are visually impaired or obese.tempered glass is physically and thermally stronger than normal glass. my weigh scales are made with a strong tempered glass platform, making our scales built to last.keep track of the current temperature from the integrated thermistor compensating temperature changes.make use of the timer function that’s built into some of our my weigh scales. setting the countdown is easy with the touch-sensitive buttons.touch sensitive buttons enable easy operation.my weigh scales can  be connected to most windows based computers using our free software.display lets you know the remaining capacity on the scale and also will indicate an overload if one occurs.larger weighing platforms allow large items and greater amounts to be weighted with ease. 





















 









brand protection
copyright policy
terms of use
privacy policy
where to buy
 

brand protection
copyright policy
terms of use
privacy policy
where to buy
 




							myweigh © 2025  | all rights reserved. myweigh® brand and related packaging are registered trademarks of bbk tobacco & foods, llp d/b/a hbi international.						














 











important alertwe have become aware of a domain, www.myweighscale.com, which is not affiliated with my weigh® scales. please be cautious as any communications or offers from email addresses ending in myweighscale.com are not authorized by my weigh®.for your safety:confirm the authenticity of websites and emails before making any purchases.ensure you are visiting our official website: www.myweigh.com.avoid paying via wire transfer unless you have an established relationship with your supplier.for official purchases:if you wish to buy my weigh® products in bulk, please contact our distribution company, hbi® international directly at 1-800-420-4372 or through our official website www.hbiinternational.com.if you encounter any suspicious activity, please report it to us immediately. thank you for your vigilance and for choosing my weigh®. 

























































