


















welcome to the old schoolhouse® magazine - homeschooling help














































































 



































 










 








home

what is homeschooling?
but am i qualified?
school closures
shop


homeschool

about homeschooling

tryhomeschooling.com
what is homeschooling?
am i qualified to homeschool?
considering homeschooling?


homeschool resources

hey, mama! homeschool show
the homeschool minute newsletter

thm archives


need a speaker?
schoolhouse devotions
annual freebie directory
resource guide
spotlight on academics
homeschool college directory
reviews
homeschoolingfinds.com
homeschool help and articles
excellence awards




magazine

winter homeschool help & activities
magazines–free to read

read the back issues here
read the current issue of the old schoolhouse® magazine
get the homeschool app–start here to homeschool
you are not alone digital magazine supplement
from abc’s to sat’s – summer 2019 digital supplement
magazine columnists
magazine faq


writer’s info

writer’s guidelines and upcoming themes
how to write for tos
terms and conditions for writers
how to submit a query
advertise with us




about/contact

about

info about the old schoolhouse®

history
homeschool stats
privacy policy
terms of use
statement of faith
mission statement
testimonials


meet our staff

meet our directors

gena suarez and our story


advertising
magazine columnists
customer service
the homeschool minute
marketing
operations
production
schoolhouseteachers.com
website admins
designers




contact us

media kit


pressroom
pastors

the curriculum




blog

homeschooling with heart blog
our blog writers


our sites

more help from our sister sites

try homeschooling
schoolhouseteachers.com
thehomeschoolminute.com
homeschoolingfinds
hey, mama! homeschool show
schoolhouseconnect.com
homeschool college directory
sell to homeschoolers
mobile apps




store

homeschool store
freebies
my account
cart
track your order


canada









 




















 









  




 the old schoolhouse® magazine 
fresh vision 2025

the old schoolhouse® magazine helps families worldwide discover the benefits of personalized homeschooling. the winter 2024-25 issue offers practical guidance and inspiration through expert articles, actionable tips, and creative learning ideas.
notable winter features:

"three ways to get started with a homestead" (p. 48)
"four steps to make the most of manners" (p. 92)
"five frugal holiday giving ideas" (p. 84)
"six ways to get the most from a book" (p. 32)

the issue expands its support for specific homeschooling needs with an insightful piece, "dyslexic kids are people, too!" (p.74) and introduces a new column dedicated to military families. "military homeschooling: navigating the journey," (pp. 80-83) led by military specialist natalie mack, provides essential support for service member families.
homeschooling is discipleship—a calling to nurture and raise the next generation in god's truth. the old schoolhouse® magazine gives glory to god for his continued work through these pages and through families who choose to teach their children at home—where they belong.
read the latest issue at tosmagazine.com and discover why families trust tos magazine as their homeschool trade magazine.
by the way, need a homeschool email newsletter? find inspiration weekly in thehomeschoolminute.com. with the old schoolhouse, we’ve got you covered!

read now! 















  




 








  what is the old schoolhouse® magazine?click the video below to learn about your trade magazine.
 















 thank you for your interest in
the old schoolhouse®

explore the benefits of homeschooling, and gain support with help from the trade magazine for homeschoolers: a top resource in home education since 2001!


the old schoolhouse® magazine, available in digital format, offers a wealth of homeschool help, including articles, teaching units, industry interviews, product reviews, and educational guidance in each issue.
schoolhouseteachers.com the curriculum division of the old schoolhouse®, offers 400+ self-paced, online courses from preschool through high school. this comprehensive platform includes planning and record-keeping tools, access to 25,000+ streaming videos, and world book online. one membership fee covers unlimited access for the entire family, including grandparents, making it an exceptional value for homeschoolers worldwide.
schoolhouseteachers.com facebook community is a private access group for anyone who is a schoolhouseteachers.com member or thinking about becoming one. find out whether st is the right fit for your family, get the most out of your membership, meet the lesson designers and company staff, plus stay up-to-date on sales and special discount offers.
schoolhouse connect puts you in touch with events, support groups, state ambassadors and laws for homeschooling in your state. a free info-pak of goodies is also available at tryhomeschooling.com.
schoolhouse store is filled with homeschool downloadables, past print issues of the old schoolhouse® magazine, and other exclusive products, like the smartmama planners and tos totes.
the homeschool minute enewsletter contains themed articles, including “hey mama” inspiration from the old schoolhouse® publisher, gena suarez and senior editor, deborah wuehler.
opportunities to become an ad sales rep,  affiliate earner, schoolhouse director, or to query (write for) the magazine are also available. interested in opening up a church schoolhouse?
find out what pastors are doing, nationwide, by opening their doors to homeschool families in their communities.
the pastor plan mission: to equip pastors with resources and support to help them create welcoming environments for homeschool families within their church communities, fostering spiritual growth and educational excellence.
so stay awhile! research the old schoolhouse® company, a leader in homeschool education since 2001, and consider joining forces with this established organization. you can also pick up a free, comprehensive info-pak at www.tryhomeschooling.com to learn more about homeschooling options and resources.

 




 how to read your
homeschool trade industry
magazine:
• browser – quarterly – free: www.tosmag.com

• in-app – quarterly – free: www.homeschoolapp.com
 

 




 




 




  




 









 




 








  




  




 




  




  




 interested in advertising to the homeschool market?
"the old schoolhouse® is one of our most important and dedicated homeschooling resources. they are always prompt, and, like their audience, are highly responsive, with publications in which we are proud to advertise...”
—carolyn mckalips, demme learning (math-u-see)

go to:
tosmediakit.com
email: marketing@theoldschoolhouse.com
save
 




 




 the old schoolhouse® company
here to help your homeschooling family...
 




 













  










 subscribe to the free homeschool newsletter










 




  




 





subscribe now!
privacy policy
join the homeschool minute email newsletter today and find out about the latest news happening in the homeschool community while being inspired, encouraged, and educated. oh — and lots of freebies will be shared along the way!
 




 still not sure you should homeschool?
come pick up your free info-pack here.
find your state laws here.

 















 "train up a child in the way he should go and when he is old, he will not depart from it" (proverbs 22:6).







 









 the old schoolhouse® magazine to go
never be without homeschool help again!
www.tosapps.com

 





login





get social

© 2001- 2025 the old schoolhouse® all rights reserved. 








top







































