









hotels in alexandria va | the morrison house
































































book your stay













historic charm meets modern elegance

book nowdining reservations















hotel overview
rooms & suites
things to do
restaurants
meetings & events

meet the team


weddings
offers

pampered pups
sweet & savor
cherry blossoms in bloom
world pride
parking & wi-fi


calendar of events








 















the morrison house

the heart of old town alexandria
famous for its historic past, morrison house is a charming, 45-room federalist-style hotel in old town alexandria near the waterfront. located a block from king street, one of the “great streets” in america, our charming boutique hotel is near the best shops and restaurants of alexandria, all sprinkled among historic sites and museums. stay and be inspired by the history and vibrancy of your surroundings.

learn more











accommodations
bold, yet approachable design
nestled in the heart of old town alexandria, our hotel offers an intimate and relaxed atmosphere, perfect for a serene getaway. our deluxe guest rooms are designed to be both casual and sophisticated, providing a unique blend of comfort and elegance. indulge in memorable amenities such as an in-room fireplace, floor-to-ceiling windows, and a luxurious tufted sofa. each room is thoughtfully designed to offer a quiet haven that seamlessly mingles the historic charm of alexandria with modern comforts. experience the true spirit of alexandria at morrison house, where the old meets the new in perfect harmony.

view rooms









exclusive hotel deals
packages & offers
elevate your visit to alexandria, virginia when you book one of our seasonal offers or packages.

explore offers













cleverly crafted cocktails & authored american fare
discover a modern, mesoamerican menu inspired by chef tomas chavarria’s latin american training and heritage at one of the best restaurants in alexandria. our regionally-sourced plates, such as costa rican ceviche and seven hills farms dry-aged strip loin, are complemented by our study of classic cocktails. grab your favorite sip and savor attentive service, a luxe atmosphere, and live entertainment all in our restaurant in old town alexandria.

dining reservations

learn more











old town alexandria hotel
luxury amenities

valet parking, $45 per night
24-hour concierge services
wine hour, sunday – tuesday, 5 – 6 pm
45 guest rooms and suites, plus a parlor and library
recently redesigned
eclectic classic-meets-modern décor and fireplaces
2,000 square feet of literary-inspired meeting space
pet-friendly hotel, $25 per night
continental breakfast, starting at $25, 7 – 10 am








host your
meetings & events





events
recognized for our unparalleled service and a refined atmosphere, morrison house is one of alexandria’s top choices for memorable meetings and events. between our intimate fireplace parlor, inspired bar, and elegant watermark ballroom with room for 80, our luxury old town alexandria hotel has the perfect venue for intimate social occasions and business meetings alike.

learn more



weddings
for couples who cherish the classics and want an elegant wedding, there’s no better place in alexandria than at morrison house. our sophisticated alexandria va event spaces are perfect for intimate weddings, rehearsal dinners, and other wedding-related events. our timeless parlor, charming library, and sweeping staircase are stunning settings for photos that will be cherished for years to come.

learn more



neighborhood
our old town alexandria hotel is centrally located in the heart of old town, surrounded by the very best of historic alexandria, virginia. cobblestone streets give way to enticing shops and happening bars that offer the perfect spot for history lovers and trend setters alike.

learn more







@morrisonhousehotel



























ranked #5 best city hotel in the us and #71 best hotel in the world by travel leisure’s world’s best list 2022



 













careers | press  |  sitemap  |  privacy policy
contact us
website accessibility statement

followfollowfollow





morrison house
116 south alfred st. alexandria, va 22314
703.838.8000





 











































































