




providian financial sucks - my own personal credit card nightmare


















old front page | go directly to providianfinancialsucks.com home >>


the jig is up...

march 11, 2006 at the south by southwest film festival, this site’s creatorgives the world his 2¢ concerning providian financial and it isn’t pretty.
world premier: maxedout™

 


watch trailers | world premier info






this site is not affiliated in any way with providian financial corporation.  intellectual property consisting of the providian logo and stylized providian text are either trademarks or registered trademarks of providian financial corporation and/or its subsidiaries.  

other trademarks are the property of their holders. these trademarks are present 
on this site for the purpose of comment and criticism as permitted in 
the united states copyright act of 1976 
(17 usc 107) 
(and related treaties) which states: “notwithstanding the 
provisions of sections 
106 
and 106a, 
the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction 
in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that 
section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news 
reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), 
scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright.”

the author of this web site is not an attorney and the information contained herein does not constitute legal advice.  before you do anything always consult a competent attorney.

copyright © 2002-2004, providianfinancialsucks.com.  by viewing this site you agree to our terms of use.
 


important notice:

the web servers providing connectivity for the hosts providianfinancialsucks.com and providiots.com are protected computers as defined at 18 usc 1030(e)(2)(b). 

the operators of providianfinancialsucks.com and related domains will not give, sell, or otherwise transfer email addresses stored on any of our hosts to any other party for the purposes of initiating, or enabling others to initiate, electronic mail messages.

sending unsolicited email advertisements to or through our facilities is strictly prohibited. this domain as well as many others have already publically opted out from receiving email.

use of our facilities constitutes your acceptance of our terms of service. 









