

the mystic -- 32 life lessons in higher consciousness
















beginning
what people crave
are you aware?
greatest treasure
questions
about the author
  higher states
1awakening
2stages
3transcendental
4the six planes
  basic essentials
5your life today
6the choice
7what will prevail?
8how to succeed
9the yearning
10the search
  development
11amazing techniques
12self-discipline
13introspection
14devotion
15your doubts
16turning points
  advancement
17be a friend
18fulfillment
19the big test
20open the door
21good will witness
22universal self
23mystical faith
24power of faith
  inner challenges
25agonies & ecstasies
26two priceless skills
27the threshold
28dark night of soul
  mystical life
29mystical wedding
302 vital concerns
31possibilities
32your future

  what's next?
links
prayer requests
tell a friend
contact us
store
  




    




  
hi! thanks for coming by.
do you know about your higher levels of consciousness and what they can do for you?
here you can explore the mystical part of your life. nothing on earth is more rewarding.
you too can enter many sublime realms of higher knowledge and remarkable functioning.




this site is written by an internationally recognized master

mystic, graham v. ledgerwood.
feel free to start at the beginning or jump right into these treasured life lessons.
32 life lessons in higher consciousness



higher states describes

several levels of mystical awareness and shows you how to understand and approach

them.

  



basic essentials goes

back to basics and shows you how to attune with your higher consciousness. you

make a personal inventory and further develop your present level of awareness. you also

uncover your deepest yearnings.

  



mystic development shows you three marvelous techniques which directly enable you to make

many breakthroughs and awaken to your own higher consciousness. further, you

learn how to direct your growing mystic insight to deal with personal doubts and

turning points.

  



mystic advancement reveals the value and importance of higher consciousness in your

relationships. a mystic becomes a thoughtful companion. next, we explore two

exalted and life-transforming states of awareness and the incredible power of

mystically directed faith.

  



inner challenges are part

of the mystic way. here we discuss the agonies as well as the ecstasies of

mystical awakening, including two classic experiences: the threshold and the

dark night of the soul.

  



living in mystical awareness

is, believe it or not, distinctly possible. here we invite you to make the mystic

journey and discover the possibilities of living your life in ongoing,

ever-delightful mystic awareness.





  









  








get the mysteries
our subscription site is mysteries.net.
there you'll find rarely-disclosed

teachings of eastern and western mystics.






subscribe









to learn how you can start receiving the six free

mysteries, simply follow this link.











  






search the mystic












  




showcasing topicsdevotion  this practice is probably the most beautiful, especially if you have a religious nature. but even if... moreopen containers the heart and mind of a youth are open containers for the experiences and impressions of others. the... more









  



  

copyright © 2001 mystic world fellowshipall rights reserved  




