







pc-doctor computer, android, mac, & chrome os hardware diagnostic software & pc repair toolkits






































this is pc-doctor









775-336-4000 this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it. 5485 reno corporate drive, reno, nv 89511
      










homeproductsrepair techniciansfactories/volume repairoems/system buildersconsumer/end-userssolutions seperator 2service centerservice center drive eraseservice center remotefactoryfactory drive erasepc-doctor for androidbootpath diagnosticspreloadtoolboxsolutions separatorthe cloudthe lifecycleoperating system supportauthorized resellers listcomparedownloadssupportsupport portalsubmit support ticketknowledge basecommunitylogin/registerpc-doctor technical support answers questions and provides feedback about actively supported pc-doctor products.

go










factory is the leading industry 4.0 hardware diagnostics solution for device manufacturers, assemblers, service centers, repair depots, & itad operations

factory is also helping forge a sustainable and planet-conscious future by testing the recycled and refurbished devices of the world.
learn more


 




the world's #1 pc, android, mac & chromeos hardware diagnostic toolkit

service center is used by repair technicians, service professionals, it departments, hobbyists and more.
learn more shop kits


 




erasing hard drives shouldn't be difficult.neither should pricing, licensing, and use.

securely and easily erase multiple ata, nvme, emmc, sas drives with drive erase, all for under $100.
learn more buy now


 







 


 


 





 
repair technicians
first line pc, android, chromeos, and mac hardware diagnostic kits for on the bench, on the go, or remotely via the cloud.
 
 
factories/volume repair
powerful, automated hardware diagnostics to help reduce out-of-box failures and improve first-time fix rates.
 
 
oems/system builders
professional grade, customizable diagnostic tools and intelligent messaging services for enterprise business.
 
 
consumer/end users
available for windows, this free solution monitors your pcs to keep them running smoothly.
 









we are the global leader in pc, android, chromeos, & mac system health technologies
we test the home, business, and industrial computers and devices of the world.
we are pc-doctor
our system health solutions support pc, android, chromeos, and mac devices—and we have 30 years of experience supporting a vast range of customers. oems, system builders, support centers, factories, repair facilities, recyclers, medical facilities, technicians, and individuals make great use of our robust solutions.
our patent-driven hardware diagnostics, direct system information™, intelligent messaging, pro-active system monitoring, and high-end reporting options work together in a powerful cloud-based architecture, and are available throughout the full system lifecycle.
in testing the devices of the world from medical to aerospace to recycling, pc-doctor is helping to save lives, train pilots, and play a role in saving our planet! learn more about the devices we test by watching the "we are pc-doctor" video above. we also invite you to visit the about pc-doctor page to read more about who we are and what we do.
read about the 30 years of pc-doctor. 









the industry’s most comprehensive diagnostics
best in class hardware diagnostics for servers, pcs, tablets, phones, medical devices, gaming consoles...virtually any device with an x86 or arm processor.



 300+ windows

 

 65+ android

 

 150+ chromeos

 

 200+ linux 











pc-doctor cloud
the pc-doctor cloud provides a new set of powerful tools to store and analyze data touched by pc-doctor. test results, system information, hardware changes, and click streams are just a few of the items that can be uploaded to the cloud.
robust data analytics provide a view of trends in hardware failures, application crashes and blue screens, that drive improvements in manufacturing, technical support, repair, refurbishment and recycling operations. application click streams show user behavior within support tools.
learn more





big data &cloud-basedanalytics
















the lifecycle
key to pc-doctor’s success is a uniform nucleus of diagnostic tests and system information tools, called the modular core technology (mct™). this technology delivers diagnostic consistency and continuity across the design, manufacturing, support, and service phases of the lifecycle. with the addition of pc-doctor’s cloud capabilities, experience efficient and timely data analytics for practical application in each phase.
learn more






 


let's talk
let's discuss how our solutions can help you and your business.
this form requires javascript to work properly.




product?service centerservice center drive eraseservice center remotefactoryfactory drive erasepc-doctor for androidbootpath diagnosticspreloadtoolboxother


you must complete the captcha below to continue.


contact us



 
 
 
 





 looking for product support? visit thesupport portal.






testimonials
read what the people that love us have to say.









the support has been, quite frankly, surprisingly outstanding and has exceeded all my expectations....not once have we had to make repeated requests, or clarify questions. impressive all around. i have felt like they are a close-knit part of our implementation team, and i can't even begin to tell you how reassuring it is to have such a professional and responsive group of experts that we can rely on throughout this process...
carl thorson, computerland director of operations






i just want to reiterate how much i appreciate you jumping in and doing what you can to help me out. i am building my company around serving others first and believe that this is the most important part of my business. i just want to know that the people i am partnering with also have similar values. i believe that pc doctor does have those values which is why i chose your product in the first place. you have confirmed my belief in your company's values and i look forward to a long lasting relationship between our companies.
tom williams, anywhere computer care owner






purchased pc doctor service center 6 after comparing the product with several other diagnostic products currently on the market, but after reading reviews and contacting the company for more information i was very impressed and decided to place an order, right from the start i found the customer service to be first-rate - since receiving the product which arrived in only 5 days from usa to uk! i have had one little problem but this was dealt with quickly and in a very professional manner by the support staff and was resolved within a day - i would highly recommend pc-doctor's products and helpful staff.
darren rose, pc assist @ home senior technician






we have used various software programs to perform various diagnostic functions; many well known brand named products as well as those that are not so well known. some of these programs are very similar in function and features to the pcd individual parts but nothing that compares with the comprehensive diagnostic abilities in a single program that you get in the pcd program.
cliff dale, electronbox support team senior technician






i was having a problem with one of my computers intermittently locking up, requiring a hard reboot. of course, each time this occurred, i lost everything that i had been working on since the last time i did a file save. i couldn’t tell whether this was a hardware or a software issue and didn’t know where to concentrate my efforts to resolve this issue. in searching the internet, i came across pc-doctor. i installed the software and was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to use and how completely and thoroughly it tested all the hardware components in the computer. thank you for this extremely helpful addition to my computer diagnostic toolkit.
gerald barber, g3l consulting, inc. president






diagnosing hardware problems in windows can be like finding a needle in a haystack, and that's where pc-doctor comes in. service center works quickly to pinpoint the cause of computer hardware failure. this allows for a speedy turnaround that keeps my customers happy. you can count on pc-doctor's top-notch service and support to promptly resolve any issues you may encounter. i would recommend this software to anyone in the computer repair industry.
brad proctor jr., proctor pc




  previous    next 







trusted by


























 775-336-4000
 5485 reno corporate drive, suite 500, reno, nv 89511 usa
this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.









the global leader in system health technologies, pc-doctor brings 30 years’ experience developing and delivering effective diagnostic and system health solutions that reduce service delivery costs, improve customer experience, enable a proactive, predictive environment and provide a channel for contextual support messaging and apos revenue.



company
careers
about us
executive team
press releases
contact us
ip




partners
find resellers
become a reseller
chv program
find technicians




connect with us
about the community
blog
forums

    




© 2025 pc-doctor, inc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | site map


















