






north american montessori teachers association – support to further montessori principles and understanding for schools, teachers, and parents












































north american montessori teachers association

homeschool directoryjob listingsnamta shop




namta continues to provide schools, teachers, and parents with the support to further montessori principles and understanding. our online store offers namta’s rich history of parent education booklets, academic publications, dvds, and other montessori publications. school job listings and the online school directory will continue to keep parents and practitioners updated on montessori schools throughout north america and beyond. check our homepage regularly for updates and to access the most recent namta journals in digital format.


2025: namta turns 50 this year
as we look back on the decades and consider all that has changed in the montessori landscape, we realize the importance for us as an organization, and as individuals with lifetime commitments to the montessori method, to utilize both the past and the current conditions in order to best prepare ourselves for the future. with excitement and hope, we are planning for the 2025-26 academic year when namta turns 50.
in the meantime, we maintain our presence on our website and continue to host job postings. our beloved parent education booklets and namta journals and other publications can be purchased through our shopify store.
namta will be keeping you informed as we plan this next year, and each emailing will feature an article from the past journals or from the namta bulletin. we are honored to have published much of annette haines’ writing and are happy to share “individuality, sociability, and peace” which was published in the namta bulletin, may 2001. it was relevant when she delivered the speech at the 1998 ami international conference on peace in perugia, italy and is especially relevant today.
please keep in touch with us, and if you have any questions or suggestions about the future of namta, please contact us at staff@montessori-namta.org. would you like to be added to our email list? email us at staff@montessori-namta.org too!








namta continues to provide schools, teachers, and parents with the support to further montessori principles and understanding.

homeschool directoryjob listingsnamta shop

facebook
vimeo
846 e 6th avenue, helena, mt 59601(406) 594-0341  staff@montessori-namta.org






