



connecticut antiques online dealers american european furniture estate gold diamond jewelry sterling silver paintings fine art porcelain ceramics objects of art antiquing in new england


































toggle navigation




oneofakindantiques.com





categories 

advertising
african art masks
antiquities
architectural
art pottery
asian
baskets
books
boxes
brass copper bronze pewter
cast iron
childrens
chinese
clocks / timepieces / watches
decorative objects
desk articles
epherma
featured / fabulous finds
fine art
firearms, militia guns
folk art
furniture
glass art
india
japanese
jewelry / estate / gold / silver
kitchen items
lighting
maritime
mirrors
musical
native american
photographic / photos / cameras
porcelain
prints / lithographs / etchings
memorabilia
sculpture
sewing
silver
sports memorabilia
stoneware
textiles
tiffany
tools
toys



information 

antiques price guide
appraisals
about one of a kind antiques
consigning & purchasing
contact us
selling your items
payment policy
shipping
privacy policy
return policy
connecticut sales tax
customer feedback
auction services
bookmark our website
selling silver and gold
link to one of a kind antiques





enter keywords to search




        		     any word(s)
        	



        		     all word(s)
        	

search


receive email updates!









established 1975


one of a kind
antiques
oneofakind antiques.com


online since 1995



 


 


 


contact us







					[
you are on page # 1 in the featured category of our website. there are 30 items in this category.  click one of the pages below to view more items in this category.





← previous
1
2
3
4
5
6
next →






click any image to zoom




























vintage eldred wheeler tiger maple secretary

item# 12137    $6750

vintage eldred wheeler two part tiger maple secretary in the chippendale style. this is a museum quality piece of furniture. hand crafted by a master craftsman working for eldred wheeler. full step-back interior, compartmented top with sliding shelves over four graduated drawers ending in ogee bracket feet. this desk also a has a secret compartment. eldred wheeler is no longer in business. in its day, the shop made the finest reproductions of period american furniture, but precious few secretaries of this quality. measures 78.5 inches high, 20 inches deep at the base, 10 inches deep at the top, 35 inches wide, and 31 inches high to the writing surface.  please see "eldred wheeler / a collector's guide" by emmett w. eldred, page 262, for reference to this secretary. note: the key is not the original one, but it can be used to open the lid and doors; also, the two bottom right side boards have shrunken a bit which is not uncommon.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom




























60 inch antique arrow weathervane

item# 12113    $5500

rare 60-inch arrow weathervane. gilt molded copper, cast iron arrowhead and cast iron directionals. original gold leaf on feathers. note the arrows with feathers on the cast iron north, east, south and west directionals. possibly made by fisk.
american, late 19th-early 20th century on custom stand. dimensions: 74.5" high; 
31.5" wide at the directionals; 60" wide at the arrow.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom




























d r dimes benchmark tiger maple table

item# 12086    $3750

vintage d. r. dimes benchmark tiger maple table with 2 board porringer corner top. the d. r. dimes benchmark series were top of the line - the very finest craftsmanship. the tiger grain is so pronounced the table legs look like zebra legs. this is one of the finest pieces dimes ever made. graceful queen anne style legs, scalloped aprons with back blocks, chamfered top, wood pin joinery and hand-cut dovetailed drawer. it measures 21 inches square and 27 inches high.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom




























vintage wall sconces by bradley and hubbard c1920

item# 12072    $3600

vintage wall sconces by bradley and hubbard circa 1920. silvered cast bronze. set of four. excellent condition, newly rewired; original pull chains, porcelain candles and enameled portrait medallions. stamped b & h on reverse. each measures 13 inches high by 9 inches wide and 4 inches deep.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom




























d r  dimes benchmark dining table in tiger maple

item# 12071    $8750

vintage d. r. dimes tiger maple oval dining table with two leaves. queen anne style. excellent condition. the four graceful legs without cross stretchers allows for easy seating of 8. this table is one of the most expensive designs dimes ever built. stamped d.r. dimes benchmark underneath the top and also hand signed d. r. dimes 1995. doug dimes senior signed fewer than 10% of what he made, and only what he considered his very best work. measures 72" long by 44" wide by 29.5" high. the 2 leaves are each 14" wide; full extension of the table is 99.5". the dimes benchmark line was their most expensive line, the best of the best, copied from the finest examples of early period american furniture.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.







← previous
2
3
4
5
6
next →













copyright ©1995-2025, oneofakindantiques.com, llc. owned and operated by one of a kind antiques, llc. all rights reserved. one of a kind antiques, dealers since 1975  in: american, european & asian antiques, baroque, rococo, empire, federal, regency, victorian, arts and crafts, art deco, mid century modern & country furniture, folk art, fine art, decorative objects, silver, rugs, ceramics & lighting.
grandpashabet
grandpashabet giriş
palacebet
royalbet
palacebet giriş
pashagaming
hızlıbahis
palacebet güncel giriş
pashagaming giriş
royalbet giriş
grand pashabet
porno

 







