









home - world institute on disability



































































 




















skip to main navigationskip to main contentskip to footer 





 
world institute on disability
solutions for the whole community



menu


search for:

search


home
about us

contact
our staff
our board
corporate partnerships
wid history
careers & opportunities
the global heumann fellowship
subscribe to email updates from wid


services

accessibility and universal design services
community inclusion services
emergency, disaster, and climate resilience services


resource library

accessibility & universal design resources

conference accessibility resources
transportation accessibility resources


emergency, disaster, and climate resilience resources

global alliance for disaster resource acceleration (gadra)
ukraine response & updates
türkiye and syria response and updates
preparedness, resiliency, and equity resources
disability rights in disasters
covid-19 resources
strategies for equitable access to vaccinations and inclusive disaster response: department of health
strategies for disaster and vaccine equity for people with disabilities
public-private disaster health equity cooperative landing page
additional disaster resources


community inclusion resources

disability benefits 101
housing benefits 101
able 101
financial llama tips




news

podcast
blog
videos
upcoming events
subscribe to email updates from wid


donate
skip to menu toggle button 


wid facebook page  
wid twitter  
wid instagram  
wid linkedin  
wid youtube  
back to top ↑




search field

search for:



















































the world institute on disability (wid) advances the inclusion, rights and justice of people with disabilities with the design and delivery of whole community solutions.


































our mission

on a global scale, to continuously advance the rights and opportunities of more than one billion people with disabilities.
 









disability-led

we believe in the power of people with disabilities to lead, and that lived experience is critical in creating effective policies, systems, tools, products, and services.





























the world institute on disability (wid) and the center for independent living (cil) are thrilled to announce the launch of our report, “disability inclusive emergency preparedness report for alameda county”.
this report is the outcome of a year-long, community-driven, disability-led process aimed at better understanding the current state of emergency preparedness and disaster resilience across alameda county’s diverse disability population.  our process began with a series of community listening sessions, followed by a comprehensive county-wide survey, and culminated with in-depth focus groups. the goal was to identify the needs, challenges, gaps, and opportunities for our communities, emergency management, first responders, and local and state governments.
the report includes:

an introduction and background to disability and disaster response
an initial analysis of survey results
summaries of four key findings related to people with disabilities and disasters
recommendations for community-based organizations, local emergency managers and planners, and local governments.

although the focus is on alameda county, many of the findings and recommended strategic actions can be applied to jurisdictions across the nation. thanks to the center on independent living for their collaboration on this project.

















our services











 
 











the world institute on disability brings together expertise for ensuring our customers have access to world-class consulting, training and technical assistance services. combined with our past performance and history, we are thought partners excited to help our customers.





 see all wid services 















explore our services by topic










 







accessibility & universal design services









emergency, disaster, and climate resilience services










community
inclusion services









 








 















current gadra activations
wid, through our role in the global alliance for disaster resource acceleration (gadra) has launched a full scale response in support of people with disabilities in several locations.
visit the pages below for the latest updates!





 visit the gadra informational page 



 visit the gadra virtual emergency operations center 



 visit the ukraine response and updates page 



 visit the türkiye and syria response and updates page 



 donate to gadra 















resources for our community
need to know quick tips on building accessible websites, events, or documents? how to prepare your community for emergencies and disasters? wondering how your disability benefits would be impacted if you started working?
we know how important it is to have answers you can trust - check out our resources for tips & tools to help, from our experts!





visit our resources page 


















what's up wid podcast








what’s up wid: the intersections of race, disability and policing



		posted on:	


				august 11, 2023			


		august 11, 2023	



		written by:	

		ashley inkumsah	




			comments:		

			0		




wid board member and coordinator of advocacy services at everybody counts, inc., lorrell d. kilpatrick is discussing her activism work pertaining to the intersections of race, disability, policing, and black-disabled liberation.  listentranscriptamerican sign language

continue reading “what’s up wid: the intersections of race, disability and policing”…





what’s up wid: global disability rights, justice and inclusion



		posted on:	


				june 16, 2023			


		june 16, 2023	



		written by:	

		ashley inkumsah	




			comments:		

			0		




kathy martinez, wid’s former executive director and the current vice president of global disability inclusion at expedia, discusses global disability rights, justice and inclusion, her memories of judy heumann and wid’s 40th anniversary. listentranscriptsamerican sign language

continue reading “what’s up wid: global disability rights, justice and inclusion”…





what’s up wid: global accessibility awareness day



		posted on:	


				may 18, 2023			


		may 17, 2023	



		written by:	

		ashley inkumsah	




			comments:		

			0		




wid’s former executive director deborah kaplan and wid’s current senior director of operations and deputy director, kat zigmont discuss the past, present and future of accessibility in celebration of global accessibility awareness day. listentranscriptsamerican sign language

continue reading “what’s up wid: global accessibility awareness day”…



 









latest what’s up wid blog posts23 may people with mental illnesses are not inherently dangerous
by kate anderson people with mental illnesses have often been painted with a broad stroke as being “dangerous” by the media and societies around the world. this ableist depiction, which has increased in recent years with the frequent mass shootings…
continue reading “people with mental illnesses are not inherently dangerous”…12 may how to be a good ally to disabled people 
by drew dakessian the oxford american dictionary defines ‘ally’ as “a person or organization that actively supports the rights of a marginalized group without being a member of it.” the operative word here is ‘actively.’ being a good ally to…
continue reading “how to be a good ally to disabled people ”…









skip back to main navigation









what does wid do? the world institute on disability (wid) is dedicated to designing, building, and supporting whole community solutions by removing barriers to include people with disabilities.
to build a more inclusive global society, wid helps assure that products and services are more accessible, promotes equity policies, provides consulting services, offers training and tools, and supports emergency, disaster, and climate efforts.

quick linksservices
contact
subscribe to wid email updates
policies
site glossary
navigational tips for our site
sitemap
donate
recent blog posts23 jan gadra 2020 – 2030 impacts and vision
the global alliance for disaster resource acceleration (gadra) reports out powered by wid for four years, the global alliance for disaster resource acceleration (gadra) has connected organizations worldwide to empower communities during disasters. by fostering partnerships and accelerating resource delivery,…
continue reading “gadra 2020 – 2030 impacts and vision”…19 dec navigating metro shutdowns in washington, dc with accessibility in mind
important updates on upcoming metro shutdown by kamilah martin-proctor, wid board of directors member from december 20 to december 30, metro will implement a major construction project to improve tracks, signaling, and create a smoother ride for customers. as part…
continue reading “navigating metro shutdowns in washington, dc with accessibility in mind”…





wid facebook page  
wid twitter  
wid instagram  
wid linkedin  
wid youtube  
back to top ↑





			
				© 2022 world institute on disability
					





























































































































































































