ï»¿the university inn at emory | hotels near emory universityskip to content     book now  menu toggleaccommodationsaccessibility statementamenitiesparkingarea guideemory universitylocal attractionsnearby hospitalsspecialsphoto gallerycontactcovid-19maps & directionshave a question? 404.634.7327the university inn at emoryin town for a graduation or move-in? have a loved one in the hospital? just looking to experience what atlanta has to offer? whatever reason brings you here, the university inn at emory is your best choice in local emory hotels.make a reservationcheck-in ) check-out  rooms  adults  children  promo code check availability  manage reservations    phone:  404.634.7327   roomschoose exactly what you need. we offer rooms in multiple varieties, and accommodate everyone from overnighters to travelers needing more extensive amenities.learn moreamenitiesfrom free wi-fi to complimentary continental breakfast, we set the standard for comfort and service in hotels near emory. check out all the amenities we offer.learn moreour areathere’s only one choice for hotels near emory university. since 1971, the university inn at emory has served the university and medical communities with comfortable rooms to suit a wide range of travelers. we are located in the historic druid hills neighborhood and offer charming, spacious accommodations with a warm and welcoming personality.learn morelist item icon emory university & hospitallist item icon fernbank museumlist item icon georgia aquariumlist item icon mercedes benz stadiumspecialsstaying at the university inn at emory makes even more sense when you use one of our many specials for a rate discount. contact us today to save on your next atlanta trip.learn more"i tried out other local area hotels, i like the university inn best of all. large rooms, comfortable, convenient, very clean and sanitized. after nearly a dozen visits - its the closest thing to home."     997bill. via tripadvisorthe university inncontact usuniversity inn at emory atlanta  1767 n decatur rd atlanta, georgia 30307 united states    phone:  404.634.7327    toll free:  800.654.8591    fax:  404.320.7023  facebook   tripadvisor helpful linkshomeaccommodationsamenitiesmap & directionscontactphoto gallerycovid-19privacy policyweb accessibilitysitemapsign up for specials  send join our mailing list to receive discounts, news, and more.©  university inn at emory atlanta | hotel website design by vizergycall uslocationbook now 