




		paints, stains, coating solutions | nationwide coatings inc.	












 











 
















nationwide protective coating mfrs., inc.



u.s.: 1.800.423.7264









nationwide protective coating mfrs., inc.


thepermanent coating solution™














phone: 941.753.7500
u.s.: 1.800.423.7264


the industry leader in elastomeric waterproofing insulating ceramic paints and coatings











the permanentcoating solution™
waterproofing coatings, paints and sealants for all your projects



products


contact us


call now












roof coatings

learn more




wall coatings

learn more




interior paints

learn more




exterior paints

learn more




homeowners

learn more




rv & bus coatings

learn more




floor & deck

learn more




basement sealers

learn more








            nationwide protective coating manufacturers, inc. is an industry leader since 1964 of elastomeric waterproofing insulating ceramic paints and coatings. starting out as a local family paint store and manufacturing facility serving southwest florida, word quickly grew about the quality of our products. the introduction of ceramics has helped nationwide lead the way in developing this new paint and coating technology. our eco-friendly lineup is made in the usa and we currently manufacturer over 150 water based eco-friendly products using the highest quality materials available.
            nationwide’s focus is on custom formulated elastomeric roof and wall coatings and floor and deck sealers as well as industrial, commercial and residential ceramic paints with warranties up to 25 years. our ideal customers are contractors or distributors looking to find a paint and elastomeric coating supplier who can deliver high quality products at fair prices anywhere in the world. nationwide’s large scale production facility enables us to provide on time orders for large commercial or industrial projects with minimal lead time. if you have a 100,000 square foot project, we can help today!
            we also sell factory direct to the general public.
            at nationwide, we put too much of the good stuff in! find out here what makes nationwide coatings better!
          





learn more about permaproducts today






blogs and technical information


nationwide protective coatings selects tangelo cream 2108p as our 2025 color of the year
nationwide protective coatings, a leader in innovative paint and coating solutions, has announced tangelo cream 2108p as its 2025 color of the year. this vibrant and refreshing hue is set to inspire homeowners, designers, and industry professionals alike with its unique blend of warmth and energy.





learn more






request information


x











leave us a review





home
products
pricing & estimates
find a dealer
testing
references
paint toll manufacturer
blogs
color chart
contact us




1.800.423.7264


941.753.7500


info@nationwidecoatings.com




























  
		exclusivity: some nationwide products are sold exclusively by dealers and/or distributors in select areas and regions.
    
    leaks: leaks resulting from acts of providence, owner or their agents, are not the responsibility of npcmi and under no circumstances shall npcmi be liable in any respects to the building, it’s occupants, it’s contents or for any consequential or incidental damages. leaks are required to be repaired prior to the application of any coating and therefore are not covered under any warranty. npcmi does not warranty or guarantee for any past, present or future leaks. leaks must be fixed and/or repaired prior to the application of any paint, coating or other product purchased from npcmi.

    labor: products warranties are limited to material only (see limitations below), labor is not included. nationwide does not warranty for labor of any kind.

    limitations: no express or implied warranty is made for any product for its merchantability, suitability, or fitness for a particular use or purpose, and any warranty provided is limited in scope and duration to the express warranty provided by each individual product’s warranty. if no duration of time for a warranty is stated for a specific product then the maximum warranty shall be the lesser of (i) one year from date of purchase and (ii) the shortest period required by applicable law.  if a product has an express warranty and such warranty was not registered with npcmi by using a warranty registration certificate, the maximum warranty duration will be one year from date of purchase. npcmi shall not be liable for incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, lost profits or earnings, or for damage to any building on which npcmi product is applied, such building’s contents, or such building’s occupants. npcmi's liability is limited to the reasonable replacement cost of product that has been fully paid for and shall be limited to defective product in the affected area only, whether any claim against it is based upon strict liability, negligence, breach of warranty, or any other theory or cause of action. exclusive venue and jurisdiction for any claim with regards to any product of npcmi or its related warranty shall be in the state of florida court sitting in manatee county, florida, u.s.a.

    the use of any products not purchased from nationwide protective coating manufacturers, inc. used in association with npcmi products will void any warranties by npcmi, unless agreed to in writing by npcmi prior to application of npcmi products.

    disclaimer: information presented on this web page or any other web page on nationwide protective coating mfrs., inc. web site has been compiled by sources to be reliable, and is accurate and reliable to the best of our knowledge and belief, but is not guaranteed to be so.

    disclaimer vocs: any mention of the terms “zero v.o.c.” “v.o.c. free” or “no v.o.c.” means that analytical results of testing on representative products show voc levels measured at less than 5 grams per liter +/- 5%. any mention of the term “low v.o.c.” means that analytical results of testing on representative products show voc levels measured at less than 50 grams per liter +/- 5%.
website privacy policy

    us owned and operated
    web site owner: nationwide protective coating manufacturers, inc.® 2025 - all copyrightable rights reserved - website version l7-1.0
		




























