









north texas premier soccer association | male adult soccer | ntpsa













































email us

followfollow





















home
league schedules
ntpsa sportspilot
submit team roster
forms
league rules
about
contact
blog
photos
























update: 2-7-2025


















we hope you are ready to play!
our spring season will start on february 16th; teams and players are registered to play.  if players need to have id photos made, we will have a session this saturday, wednesday and thursday of next week, and the saturday before the start of the season.  here is the schedule:
 
                                   saturday, february 8th, 12:00 noon – 2:00 pm                                   wednesday, february 12th, 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm                                   thursday, february 13th, 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm                                   saturday, february 15th, 10:00 am – 2:00 pm –                                   there will be a fee of $10 per card this last day

all players must have an official ntpsa id card.   photo sessions are at the ntpsa office:
 
                                   north texas premier soccer association
                                   8330 lyndon b johnson freeway, suite 455
                                   executive center iii  –   dallas, texas  75243
 
spring is coming fast – let’s have a great season playing the beautiful game!  














 















welcome to north texas premier soccer association


this site provides information about the north texas premier soccer association (ntpsa) and its activities. the ntpsa is the male adult soccer association for the north texas, dallas, ft. worth areas. this league is comprised of age group divisions for ages 19-29, 30-39, 40-49, and 50 and over age brackets.


sign up todayntpsa players looking for teams or teams requesting information! fill out online form!


player looking for a team

teams looking for a league








ntpsa news

adult recreation sport participants protocols
read more

nts return to training & play covid19
read more

ntpsa amended rules 12-19-22
read more

ntpsa concussion protocol
read more

adult medical insurance
contact ntpsa at 972-238-9668 or ntpsa.futbol@gmail.com



search for:












upcoming league games

2023 fall schedule-click here!














game field maps
breckinridge-richardson
re good-carrollton
five star-the colony
premier park











frequently asked questions



ask a question







contact:north texas premier soccer association, inc.executive center iii8330 lbj freewaysuite 455dallas tx 75243
when is team registration? team registration is usually a middle weekend of january for the spring season and middle weekend of july for the fall season.
is there late team registration?no. in order to place the teams in divisions and schedule the games for each season in a timely manner, teams must come in and register their teams at the scheduled times.
can registration/red cards be paid with a credit card?  yes. master card and visa only (credit or debit cards).
my team is planning to play in a tournament during the season, what do i do to have that game rescheduled?we must know at the registration of any schedule conflicts. this information must be included on your “team information sheet” provided in your registration packet. a night game will be scheduled during the league’s scheduling process and the night game will be included on your team’s schedule when they are made available. there is a $75.00 fee for requesting the postponement of sunday games to another day of the week. per ntpsa rules, any request for a postponement for sunday play must be made at team registration.
how are the teams placed in divisions?the teams are placed in divisions based on their past play in ntpsa, the level of teams that return for the season, and the level of the teams that do not return for the season. we not only look at your season record but also how close the games and teams finished the games over the course of the season. the postseason play helps but is not a major determining factor whether a team moves up to the next division. also, new teams have to be considered. they need to have a place to play also. while the returning teams are moved up or down as needed to complete a division based on their past, we will not move a team from division 10 to division 5 just to fill a division. we do ask that you look at the teams in a division, not the division number before you complain about your playing division. we usually do a good job of placing teams.
when will schedules/player id cards play be available?the playing schedules and player id cards for the teams are handed out about a week prior to the beginning of league play. the date and time is included in your registration packets. if a captain cannot come by the office to pick up his team’s schedule and id cards on the scheduled date, the schedules and id cards will be available during the next time the ntpsa office is open. they will not be mailed.
can a player play on two teams in this league?no !!! even though this league has 20+ divisions, based on the skill level of the teams, players are not allowed to register and play on two teams. due to the number of players contacting the office looking for teams and the way we schedule our games, we cannot accommodate a player that wants to play two games on sundays. players found to be playing on two teams can and will be suspended from play in ntpsa for a minimum 1 year.
what are the age guidelines for participating in ntpsa adult soccer?players must reach the proper age (18, 30, 40, 50, 55, as pertains to the playing divisions) on or before the fisrt scheduled game date of the current playing season. no players under the age of 18 as of first scheduled playing date of current season are eligible to play in ntpsa adult.
why can’t id cards and roster changes be made during office hours?ntpsa only has one person working in the office, and with the paperwork and phone calls, there is not time to handle id cards and roster changes. it is also a security issue. ntpsa schedules plenty of times for the captains to take care of their business when plenty of people are around to help.
why does playing an unregistered /illegal player have such a stiff penalty?playing unregistered/illegal players results in voiding our liability and medical insurance. should a player be injured during a game when an unregistered/illegal player is found to have participated, the injured player is not covered by the medical insurance and cannot file in order to help with his expenses. it is in the best interest of everyone to protect our teammates and watch for teams that want to cheat.
why is there a fine for “sent off” players?the fines collected for “sent off” players are part of the punishment, by hitting a player in the wallet for his misconduct, we hope will make the player think twice before being “sent off” again.
how are penalty points determined and why are points taken off the team’s standings once the penalty points have reached a certain level?penalty points are determined by the rules of the north texas state soccer association and based on the referee’s report and misconduct marked by the referees on your team’s game sheet. these points accumulate over the course of the playing season, and once a team has reached 40 penalty points, 3 points are taken from their standings. this is our way of asking you to keep your teams under control. three (3) points from a team’s standings can and has kept teams from postseason play. we understand that some referees give cards that teams do not always agree with, but why do other teams that have the same referee not get the cards. it’s all a matter of how a team plays the referee and the team’s way of dealing with it. at (70) penalty points a team is sent to the north texas state soccer association for further discipline, suspended from further play in ntpsa, and cannot be allowed to participate in any postseason play.























 









home office

ntpsaexecutive center iii8330 lbj freewaysuite 455dallas tx 75243(972) 238-9668 (voice)(972) 234-1948 (fax)
office hours:monday 10am until 1pmandthursday 10am until 1pm




pages


submit team roster
ntpsa
league rules
privacy policy
contact
referee’s misconduct report
about
forms









 






















