


menopause - metamorphosis: alternative approaches, home remedies, and herbs for women - susun weed











  
          subscribe for free herbal healing ezine  
join 
          us at the women's health forum 
menopause 
          metamorphosis
        ***
 alternative 
          approaches, home remedies, and herbs for women
 
 your body knows more about menopause 
          than your doctor does!


















 
the menopausal years by susun weed
 excerpt from new 
          menopausal years the wise woman way
 


 


what are the menopausal years?

              human females are unique from all other females on two counts (at 
              least): we menstruate; and we cease to be reproductively available 
              after we've lived only half our life span. (estrus bleeding in dogs 
              is not menstruation.) the ancient women's mysteries tell us of the 
              powers and initiations of these unique events: menstruation and 
              menopause. this book focuses on the latter - the years of transformation 
              from potential mother to wise, whole crone - the menopausal years.

              meno (menstruation) pause (stops) is, technically, the last menstrual 
              flow of a woman's life. the years just before and just after the 
              menopause itself are referred to as the climacteric. for most women 
              the climacteric spans from early/mid 40s to late 50s/early 60s, 
              including the premenopausal years, the menopausal climax years, 
              and the post-menopausal years, popularly known as the change of 
              life.

              this change is a metamorphosis (complete change at a cellular level). 
              this metamorphosis follows, and may even be the matrix for, the 
              three classic stages of initiation: isolation, death, and rebirth/reintegration. 
              each woman's change includes these three stages, as well as three 
              phases (before menopause, during menopause, and after menopause).

              each stage and phase of our metamorphic, menopausal change is different; 
              each has special needs and offers special challenges. learn more 
              about the stages of menopause the wise woman way:

premenopausal 
            years
menopausal climax 
            years
post-menopausal 
            climax years



  
 menopausal 
          woman's art gallery
~ step inside and enjoy 
          ~ 
 


  







 

 mind



 six 
                steps of healing
emotional 
                uproar
headaches/migranes
improve 
                your memory
journey 
                through menopause


 comic 
                relief
the 
                boob poem
older 
                women are great!
"rebel 
                with the pauz"
love 
                yourself now!
how 
                to become perfect






 

 spirit



 menopause 
                enlightenment
menopause 
              enlightenment
 ( in german ) 
kundalini 
                meditation
rituals and 
                stories
menopause metamorphosis
 
                avoid depression 
achieve 
                instant calm



 ask 
                susun

join susun weed on blogtalkradio, tuesday nights 7:30-9:30 pm est. call in with your questions 1-646-929-2463 or email ahead of time to wisewoman@herbshealing.com.visit the link for more info: http://www.blogtalkradio.com/susunweed







 

 body



 boost 
                your energy
hormone 
                help
nourishing 
                yourself
building 
                better bones
heart 
                healthy life-style
fibromyalgia
restless 
                legs syndrome
birth 
                control
menstrual 
                cramps
vaginal 
                dryness
bladder 
                infections
cessation 
                of menses
digestive 
                distress
that 
                filthy colon
hairy 
                problems
weight 
                gain
fibroids
phytoestrogens
mammograms 
                ??








 


~ 
              menopause metamorphosis ~ 
by susun s. weed

 "menopause is a metamorphosis, like a caterpillar 
              becoming a butterfly. the caterpillar needs a cocoon, and so do 
              you. one of the most important things you can do during menopause 
              is to take time for you. go into your cave, go into your cocoon, 
              go into your room and shut the door."
these are words i have said, and sung, over and over. 
              words whose truth rings in the hearts of so many women who hear 
              me speak. words that prompted one (famous) female md to throw her 
              arms around me and exclaim "i thought i hated my patients. 
              now i know i just need a year off!" but words whose full meaning 
              took some time to get through to me. 
the idea of taking time off during menopause is an 
              extension of a moontime mystery teaching: a woman benefits herself 
              and her community if she takes a day off during her menstrual flow, 
              to go within and tend to herself. by taking care of herself, a woman 
              has more to give to others. but even more importantly, when she 
              gives herself this time, she may sense the presence of her "spirit 
              band" (angels) -- those who are too faint to be noticed when 
              one is focused on the hubbub of everyday life. 
during menstruation, and during the menopausal years, 
              say my native teachers, the "veil between the worlds" 
              is thin and easily parted. our abilities and senses are heightened 
              and we are open to guidance, inspiration, illumination -- but only 
              if we give ourselves quiet time alone, free of responsibilities.
i believe in this idea so strongly that i actually 
              pay my apprentices to take one day off during their monthly flow. 
              but it was exceptionally difficult for me to give myself the same 
              time off. after all, i had to keep appointments that had been made 
              months in advance and involved dozens to hundreds of people. i can't 
              agree to be the keynote presenter at the national institutes of 
              health conference on women and botanical medicine and then tell 
              them after i get there that i have to have the day off because i'm 
              bleeding, can i?
so, even though i knew that my menopause would be 
              more severe if i remained in the public eye, i again found myself 
              unable to say "no." and for once i was sorry to be right. 
            
the first summer of my menopause was exceptionally 
              hot, and it seemed to trigger hot flash after hot flash. at one 
              big conference, i was so hot they finally put me to bed on a cot 
              in the climate-controlled (air-conditioned!) herb storage building 
              while everyone else braved it in tents. i awoke not totally refreshed 
              (i woke those days four and five times a night), but not melted 
              either, and smelling decidedly fragrant. 
and then there was the class that walked off and left 
              me. it was another hot summer day. my memory of most of those insufferably 
              hot menopausal summer days is mercifully blank -- or, perhaps more 
              to the point, welded into a recollection of one ongoing unrestrained 
              surge of molten energy blanketing me from belly to crown. but this 
              particular day is vivid in my mind's eye.
it was a staggeringly hot day. it was so hot that 
              i decided after lunch to take my class of about twenty women to 
              the river which runs through the back of my land. first, everyone 
              had time for a little break to tend to necessities; then we were 
              to meet at a certain place at a certain time to stroll to the river 
              and look at plants along the way. 
at the appointed hour, i showed up at the appointed 
              place. by ones and twos, the students gathered. one asked me if 
              i had a remedy for her headache. i asked her to get a glass of water 
              and went into the house to get the herb she needed: skullcap. (how 
              aptly named it is!) when i returned, in moments it seemed, no one 
              was there except for the woman with the headache. i put ten drops 
              of skullcap tincture in her glass of water, and asked where everyone 
              was. "on their way to the river," she replied, much to 
              my surprise, chagrin, and dismay. they had walked off and left me 
              with no students to teach. 
it took me some minutes to work through my feelings 
              of abandonment, and more still to work through my sense of loss. 
              but when i did, i could see that my students had given me the gift 
              of the afternoon off. they somehow understood -- i finally understood 
              -- that i needed time alone, time away from responsibility and leadership. 
              and if i didn't have the sense to go into my cocoon, the universe 
              was willing to see to it that i was placed there by circumstance.
ten years later, i look back and smile: remembering 
              those sultry menopausal nights and steamy hot flash days. if i had 
              it to do over again, i would squash my qualms about global warming 
              and buy an air-conditioner as soon as those first strong hot flashes 
              hit. and i would pull every string i could so that i could take 
              as much time as possible off during my menopause metamorphosis.
green blessings, 
              susun weed




 


 

 
 
don't miss out on susun weed's most recent book:
new 
        menopausal years the wise woman way 
 alternative approaches for women 30 - 90
   
to learn more read the book review in weed 
        wanderings - november 2001 
 find out what juliette de bairacli levy has 
        to say about it in her introduction: 
"this book should be in the hands of every woman, of every race, 
        no matter what age, worldwide."



  




   
          survey letter sent to 1000 women 
          send us comments: wisewoman@herbshealing.com

read wise women's responses 
women share their views on menopause

 






  


this website is sponsored by: susun weed and ash tree 
        publishing



new menopausal years the wise woman                               way: 
alternative approaches for women 30 - 90 
              by susun s. weed 
              foreword by juliette de bairacli levy. 
              304 pages, index, magical illustrations.
              completely revised                                           with 100 new pages. all the remedies women                                           know and trust plus hundreds of new ones.                                           new sections on thyroid health, fibromyalgia,                                           hairy problems, male menopause, and herbs                                           for women taking hormones. recommended                                           by susan love md and christiane northrup                                           md. 
retails for $27.95 
read some excerpts :
building better bones
kundalini meditation
order new menopausal years  in our bookshop  

"if this book had not been given to me by a close friend,                             i would be experiencing menopause in an entirely different                             manner. the wise woman approach to the various and unexpected                             discomforts and joys of the change has motivated me                             to seize this experience to transform my life for the                             better."
  




  

/
        


   


 











 

do 
                        you like this site? tell a friend!


 
name
e-mail


you:
  
  


friend:
  
  


 












 
 


















 






