



 



georgia trend magazine - georgia business, politics and economic development









 



































































































































 






 
sectionsfeatures
upfront
opinion
our state
downtime
honors
annual publications
special sections
the magazineabout us
subscribe
advertise
nominate
contact us
archive
blog
plaques
connect



e-news signup
 





georgia trend magazine










search




 








e-news signup
 





features
upfront
opinion
our state
downtime
honors
annual publications
special sections
 





about us
subscribe
advertise
nominate
contact us
archive
blog
plaques
 










 










read the georgia trend blog





read our free georgia trend daily





read this month’s digital edition









 









2025 georgia trustees 







new & noteworthy



 









georgia grown 2024-2025 









2024 georgia 500 









2024 higher education directory 









business georgia 2024-2025 







features
 









2025 georgia legislative guide 

kathy roberts, 

about the guide georgia trend's legislative guide provides contact information for legislators and other elected officials. information that was not available at press time, including some committee assignments, is indicated by na. all other information in the guide was correct…february 1, 2025 









the state of cardiac care 

mary anne dunkin, 

heart disease is still the no. 1 cause of death for both men and women, but 25 years into the new millennium, the chance for life-saving treatment has never been better. simple devices can detect heart problems. better drugs can…february 1, 2025 









investing in people 

kat kyle, 
mark gromek, 

 half of the people working in the united states are seeking new job opportunities, resulting in a trillion…january 30, 2025 


 






visionary cities in georgia 

betty darby, 
k.k. snyder, 
sara haynes, 

what does it take to be honored as a visionary city? the georgia municipal association (gma) says visionary cities are ones that create positive change through effective civic engagement and collaboration. these cities have hardworking, innovative leaders who strive to…february 1, 2025 









augusta university | healthcare workforce: a prescription for the future 

patty rasmussen, 

 a native of the augusta region, russell keen, president of augusta university (au), soldered copper pipes in an old dental lab at au during summer…february 1, 2025 

features archive








upfront
 









ups, downs  and in-betweens 

karen kirkpatrick, 

governor’s agenda: as usual, the georgia general assembly convened in january with a lengthy to-do list. one of the things at the top of gov. brian kemp’s agenda: tort reform. kemp says that tort reform is needed to keep georgia…february 1, 2025 









economic development around the state 

christy simo, 

 cobb mixed use: the cobb county board of commissioners unanimously approved a…february 1, 2025 









clifton sanctuary and joe’s place 

candice dyer, 

joe coppage was a beloved lake claire fixture who struggled with schizophrenia in the 1970s and ’80s. his neighbors allowed him to sleep on their porches, which is where he seemed the most comfortable. his standard answer when asked if…february 1, 2025 









the columbus museum recognized 

kathleen conway, 

the columbus museum received top honors as one of usa today’s 10 best museums for 2025. the recognition follows a makeover and reopening last may. the top 10 winners were nominated by an expert panel and voted by readers as…february 1, 2025 

upfront archive








opinion
 


 






a big boost for rural georgia 

ben young, 

rural georgia remains a focus for economic development. there is opportunity for many of our 159 counties to become more competitive with better infrastructure and broader residential development. in december 2024, the state announced $9.3 million for six counties, the…february 1, 2025 


 






legalizing sports betting 

brian robinson, 

college football fans recently packed mercedes-benz stadium in atlanta for both the chick-fil-a peach bowl and the national championship game. fans across the nation placed bets on the final score, total points and star players’ individual stats. sports enthusiasts in…february 1, 2025 


 






a new marker for black history 

tharon johnson, 

black history month is one of my favorite times of the year. while there is no bad month to reflect on and commemorate the many contributions and achievements of black americans, there remains something special about making a meaningful effort…february 1, 2025 

opinion archive








our state
 









cherokee county: metro in the mountains 

keith strigaro, 

cherokee county has a lot to offer. residents enjoy its vibrant downtowns, good schools, excellent healthcare, low taxes, safe neighborhoods, and its many parks and outdoor activities.  bragging rights: harry johnston, chair of the cherokee county board…february 1, 2025 









valdosta | lowndes county: forward motion 

amber jones barry, 

valdosta, which brands itself the capital of south georgia, has had a hard go of things lately. “[for] 166 years, we never had a hurricane hold together and make it to our doorstep,” says valdosta mayor scott james matheson. yet…february 1, 2025 

our state archives








downtime
 









catching up with... kevin james 

karen kirkpatrick, 

morris brown college, a historically black college founded by formerly enslaved people in 1881 in atlanta, lost its accreditation in 2002 but regained it in a remarkable turnaround in 2022. the man who brought the reaccreditation over the finish line…february 1, 2025 









tour of italy in athens 

sucheta rawal, 

osteria olio takes you on a trip around italy through your palate and is a lovely addition to the growing fine-dining scene in athens.  alluring details: osteria olia’s interior has charred cedar board walls and art from…february 1, 2025 

downtime archive








subscribe now



free daily enews
sign up to get our free news roundup, georgia trend daily, in your inbox
free digital edition
sign up to receive the free monthly digital edition of georgia trend in your inbox






browse the digital edition






































 follow us on linkedin


connect with us
        view this profile on instagram            georgia trend (@georgiatrend) • instagram photos and videos 






popular articles
georgia trend 2022 40 under 402022 100 most influential georgians: steering the shipgeorgia trend 2021 40 under 402022 georgian of the year: team captain2021 georgia’s top 100 public companies2021 economic yearbook: businesses bounce back







latest trends
travel blazer: paul cramerpaul cramer, president and ceo of the classic center, has been honored with the esteemed tom kilgore lifetime achievement award at the annual georgia tourism awards, presented by the georgia association of convention & visitors bureaus (gacvb). the georgia music collections exhibit…honoring our 2025 most influential georgianson wednesday, january 29, 2025, at the georgia aquarium, we celebrated the 2025 georgia trend most influential georgians. thank you to our generous sponsors: presenting: at&t, amazon, pnc bank, and georgia chamber of commerce gold sponsors: the coca-cola company, centennial…savannah book festivalthe 18th savannah book festival kicks off on thursday, february 6 with its ticketed headliner events and runs through sunday, february 9 in historic downtown savannah. festival saturday, february 8, with free admission, is the biggest of savannah book festival’s…


























upfrontorganizations
sustainable georgia roundup
political notes
trendsetters
economic development around the state
green room
sustainable georgia
economic development features
up front
 

opinionfrom the publisher
state of mind
economy
the georgia file
business casual
at issue
georgia view
neely young
guest commentary
opinions
 

featuresbusiness industry
people
education
environment
health care
sports leisure
features
 

our statemetro atlanta
central
east central
west central
northeast
northwest
southeast
southwest
our state
 

downtimegeorgia fare
sports desk
catching up with…
peach plate
art of the meal
legends
power players
downtime
 

honorsgeorgian of the year
legal elite
40 under 40
respected leader
best places
influential georgians
hall of fame
notable georgians
honors
 

constant contact universal code


 
© 2025 georgia trend magazine.





								5880 live oak pkwy suite 280
norcross, ga 30093
770-931-9410 (main #)							

privacy policy 






 






































close
share
toggle fullscreen
zoom in/out










 previous
 next




















 

