






addiction recovery through faith

















addiction recovery through faith





















home


my testimony


divine interventions


organizations dedicated to recovery


inspirational works


my links page: christian, aa, search engines, and more.


prayers & humor...god loves both!


poetry, fact & fiction


200  great  quotes


fyi - good stuff to know.


music  - r&r, folk & alternative


other  hippy  sites


web rings


get healthy fast


personal recovery pages


awards


adoptions


oliphant (elephant) collection



















a great big  hello  to one and all! if you have just arrived here from my old site, i think you will find this site much better
                           organized and prolific. the lord is working with me and these pages are blessed by his helpful hands...
 
"so do not fear, for i am with you; do not be dismayed, for i am your god. i will strengthen
                           you and help you; i will uphold you with my righteous right hand." -isaiah 41:10























faith and belief comprise a very important part of our lives. a person's beliefs in many
                                             ways define who they are, how they see themselves, what they want out of life, and more. the love jesus offers encompasses
                                             us like a wheel...many spokes, like the days in our lives, hold the wheel (the person) together with jesus at the center (the
                                             god-head). his love is free and everlasting.on these pages,  i offer various solutions to all types of addictions
                                             to find your way out of the darkness.  i'll describe how my beliefs have changed my life in profound and exciting ways,
                                             and how i think they might change the lives of others. as you read, try to remember one thing... jesus is truth. to understand
                                             this better, just consider the fact that pontius pilot once uttered the most ironic statement in the history of our planet.
                                             he said, "what is truth?" then, he went about crucifying the truth....jesus! so, don't be blind to the truth...open up...accept
                                             your faults, and the faults of others, and do something about them in the name of jesus or your higher power of choice. to
                                             forgive is to understand, and jesus understands, and forgives,  all. take the time to step into the light...the light
                                             of jesus!not only will you find faith on these pages...you will also find links to: hundreds of recovery sites and
                                             organizations (even a snail-mail list with 800 numbers); churches; music (religious and non); stories; poetry; jokes and more.
                                             so, surf on and enjoy...i pray that you find what you are seeking on these pages. you can also enjoy services live
                                             on the web at my church, countryside community church, a place to call home.
thanks
                                             for visiting, and be sure to get in touch and let me know what you think by signing my guest book! perhaps you have an addition
                                             you feel would be appropriate for this site. oh...and by the way...be sure to tell your friends where you found me.






























your host...david k. irwin (hipster)





here i am at the sturgis motorcycle rally...august 7, 1993...my first anniversary.
























search engine optimization and free submission




























view my guestbook
sign my guestbook







web rings i belong to


active














addiction help ring 
by davidsd_1

[ join now | ring hub | random | << prev | next >> ] 







 national center for missing and exploited children...help find a missing
                                    child...today!send this page to your friends so these children can be found...please.








                                    click here to find children from south dakota.
                                    	






























