

temple o' trunks - updated 4/26/2008: new trunks scans!




















 






 



enter 

              trunks, the only surviving warrior in the dragonball z future. armed 

              with strength, compassion, and courage, trunks is a man worthy of 

              praise from even the mightiest of fighters, including goku, and 

              trunks' father, vegeta. the temple o' trunks delivers 

              that praise... with a twist! that's right baby, this ain't 

              your average trunks shrine. i'm your web hostess, meri. here, 

              you'll find everything you need to satiate your hunger for the purple 

              haired wonder (and much more!). now please keep your arms and legs 

              inside the capsule car, and prepare for the trip through the wonderful 

              (and oft times twisted) world of trunks and dbz! :)








« 

              humor



 



« 

              media



 



« 

              images



 



« 

              info



 



« 

              fanfics



 



« 

              games



 



« 

              misc.



 



« 

              links




 












faq 

        - site map - 

        contact me







 


friday, 4/1/2022
- am i a time traveler? is this the future? the year is 2022. it's been *checks notes* fourteen years since the last update to this site!
boy howdy! nothing like updating on april fool's, huh? some traditions never die. :) and i somehow still remember how to code html!
yes, i'm still around! yes, this site is still online (and i refuse to let it die)! yes... i have fallen asleep at the wheel during more than a decade's-worth of sweet, juicy trunks content! i mean, let's be real, it's been a non-stop onslaught of new products, shows, etc. super? xenoverse? fighterz? dokkan? kakarot dlc? yowza, it's never-ending! and i hear he's finally going to be aged-up in the upcoming movie. what a time to be alive!
all that said, i just wanted to drop a line to say hi, and let you guys know where i've been these days. you can check out my husband's site  kanzenshuu for a great podcast (there's a website, too!?) where i occasionally do the pop-in. more recently, i discussed the trunks tv special on we gotta podcast with randy and doug, two longtime friends of the site!
finally, (almost) every saturday i live-stream mario kart (poorly) with a cross-section of ol' anime/amv/dbz fansite buddies on twitch,  at twitch.tv/vegettoex, where we shit-talk and have a grand time. that's it for now, catch you in another decade or so, trunks fans!saturday, 4/26/2008
- it's both funny and sad at the same time that it's 
        been nearly a year since the last content update to this site. even more 
        amusing is that this update is similiar to the last content update in 
        that lots of large and awesome images have been added to the trunks 
        scans page! this time around, i've posted 7 new scans from the 2007 
        trunks calendar, thus completing the set. enjoy!
- in other life news, i'm now engaged (to 
        this guy here, in case you were wondering) to be married! whoa! if 
        you're not already listening to it, you should check out our shenanigans 
        on our weekly dragonball 
        podcast.
- i've got a lot of new anime music videos to add 
        to this site, but i'll save that for my next update (along with most likely 
        another batch of ebay items, including trunks stuff!). until then, please 
        check out my 
        animemusicvideos.org profile for all the recent videos i made in the 
        last year.
monday, 11/19/2007
- don't worry, an actual update is forthcoming. i've 

        got a long weekend coming up, and lots of new items to post on the site, 

        including 3 or 4 new amvs, and more trunks scans. but for now, please 

        take advantage of the mind-blowing 

        discount items i've posted on ebay! these items are going to up for 

        auction until next sunday. included are 4 dbz video games, 2 dbz and 1 

        trunks poster, and tons more stuff! check 

        it out!
sunday, 4/29/2007
- yay, it's an update. an update with trunks content, 

        no less! this is mad crazy important. let me tell you why. the trunks 

        scans section has 6 huge and gorgeous new images... and this is the 

        first time this section has had a content update in five years. this update 

        contains the first batch of images from the 2007 trunks calendar! major 

        thanks go out to maggie from lovely 

        cyborg, since she was the one who bought the calendar for me. :) stay 

        tuned in the coming weeks for the rest of the scans from the calendar. 

        this is quite a treat, since there hasn't been anything new of trunks 

        for me to scan in eons.
- next up is a new anime 

        music video from me. it's a comedy trailer to the anime "honey 

        and clover" using the audio trailer from the movie "art school 

        confidential." you can download it here. 

        hope you like it! in addition to making a new 2007 

        page for my amvs, i also did some clean-up work on the 2006 

        and 2005 

        pages.
- updated the tot 

        april fools day joke archive with the gag from this year. :) check 

        it out if you missed it.
saturday, 10/14/2006
- surely, you all must be saying "meri, back 

        with an update so soon?! what's the world coming to?!". and if you're 

        not, well... maybe you should! that's right kiddie, there's been a crap-ton 

        more goodies added to the tot. let's get right in to it, shall we?
- first, as promised, here's a brand-new dbz 

        music video! it's a gohan character profile video made by me and vegettoex 

        called "succession," 

        and it takes place during the cell games. the video premiered at anime 

        weekend atlanta 2006 this past september. it was nominated for "best 

        character profile" and "best sentimental" in the pro contest. 

        not only is this video (encoded as xvid) available on my 

        animemusicvideos.org profile, but there's also a direct 

        download (compressed in a zip file) for those of you who may not have 

        an account on the .org. so please, download away, and enjoy!
- next up, there are 60 new images added to the trunks 

        screencaps section! today, we've got images of chibi trunks from dbz 

        movie 13. now, what makes this special, you ask? well, these screencaps 

        were taken from the anamorphic, widescreen, remastered 

        japanese dragonbox dvd release! what this means for you is crystal 

        clear images that make it look like this movie was animated yesterday, 

        as opposed to 11 years ago. o_o yeah, they're hot. check 'em out.
- and finally, brining on the real hottness for today 

        is an update to the trunks doujinshi 

        section! this past weekend at the manganext convention, i picked up a 

        trunks doujinshi i've been vying for for about, oh, let's say 8 years 

        or so. now that i finally got my obsessive hands on it, i've scanned a 

        few images from the book, and put 'em up on the site. hopefully, i can 

        scan even more pics from this soon.
saturday, 9/30/06
- alrighty, so it's been a year since the last content 

        update. and guess what.... here's a content update! one of several actually.
first up, i've posted a year's-worth of new anime 

        music videos. these actually have been available for download during 

        the past year. i've just not added them to the tot. so, if you don't follow 

        animemusicvideos.org, 

        you may not have seen these videos. if you are interested, please check 

        them out! these videos are included on the 2005 

        and 2006 

        amv pages on this site. 
some of the animes included in these amvs are: kaleido 

        star, kare 

        kano, hajime 

        no ippo (if you like dbz, you will love this series), and much, 

        much, 

        more.
most exciting of all: expect a new 

        dbz video made by myself and vegettoex 

        to be posted online in the coming days! i'll also be posting a link to 

        reflections of style 3, a multi-editor amv project both vegettoex and 

        i participated in, once it becomes available online.
and speaking of young mr. vegettoex, perhaps you've 

        heard of daizenshuu 

        ex: the podcast. this is a podcast related to anything and everything 

        dragonball. if you've been wondering what i've been up to the last year, 

        well, that's it. i've been co-hosting this dbz podcast with vegettoex 

        and julian of daizenshuu ex for the past year, and will continue to do 

        so as long as they are willing to have me on the show. if you've not checked 

        it out yet, please give it a listen! it's good (not so clean) fun!
past 

        updates




the temple of the almighty purple haired wonder has had 

  
 

  visits since march '98!






the temple o' trunks has been selected by the  

              anime web turnpike 

              as one of it's weekly 

              web picks for 5/7/01!

              additionally, the tot's very own feature 

              films were also picked by the anipike 

              as a weekly web 

              picks for 9/27/99.

              know what this means?  it means that this site not only has 

              something resembling credibility, but something resembling super-duper 

              credibility!




site design © meri 

    1998-2006
this site is best when viewed with internet explorer at 800 x 600, 1024 

    x 768 or higher.



