


philatelic bibliopole catalog of philatelic books and literature; new and used 




 books on philately
philatelic bibliopole
leonard  h.  hartmann

the pb has dealt in authoritative philatelic books and literature since 1965. new books
are stocked from over 100 publishers with emphasis on:  us stamps and postal history, csa, maritime, 
fakes & bogus, bibliographies, gb and the empire in addition to classic stamps. we maintain a stock of 
out of print books, along these lines, from the constant purchase of major philatelic libraries.  yes, we actually
stock the books, no drop ship!  sorry, we do not stock annual catalogs  or printed albums such as: scott, gibbons, michel, yvert, etc. 

the on line catalog,  updated daily

new and recent books, just added to stock

current newsletter& items on sale, changed every few weeks
new us and maritime
new foreign
the queen's stamps
assundry; used books, common to rare

us & foreign, old catalogs, some history & numismatic
forgery, fakes, counterfeits & bogus, stock & assundry
germany in german, also new titles by peter feuser
france in french, also new titles by vincent pothion, etc.

auction catalogs, name sales & runs, us & foreign
books published by the pb, standard philatelic reference books
old maps, informative and decorative
special offers

postal censorship in imperial russia



the stock catalog

philately

philately,collectors, exhibiting & exhibition catalogs , general to advanced and archival
forgeries, fakes, counterfeits &  bogus.
color & colour
bibliographic and library auction catalogs
journals: american philatelic congress, billig, stamp specialist, etc.
american philatelic congress articles search file
auction catalogs, name sales & runs, u.s. & foreign

u.s. colonial postal history 
us postal histories & place names by state

states, alabama through wyoming

u.s. covers

u.s. postal history, markings, services and covers
postal rates, records, primary sources & upu
maritime and forwarding agents
land transport, railroad, etc.

u.s. stamps & stationery, also some foreign

u.s. stamps, postage, essays, proofs, etc.
airmail
postal stationery, u.s. & foreign
revenue & telegraph
locals, carriers & express

us civil war, confederate and union 
c.s.a. lithograph plating service
canada & british north america
great britain and the empire
other countries and the british empire

aden  -  germany
gibraltar - uganda

20th century war and censorship
book by the collectors club of chicago
quarterman publications
book by robson lowe
specialty philatelic publishers


chevral press, ww i & ii  p.h.stuart rossiter trust
edward proud, british empirephilip cockrill, out of the way p.h.
peter feuser, german p.h.j. barefoot ltd.
francis j. fieldstanley gibbons
postal history society of gbroyal philatelic society of london




reference files from the pb

california post offices 1849 - 1935 by j. williams, po search file
forwarding agents by k. rowe, agent search file
robson lowe books, books written or published by rl
american philatelic congress articles search file
csa  articles for peer review by l. hartmann
british commonwealth postmarks by r. cragg
western philatelic library tear sheets for sale from the wpl
beecher & wawrukiewicz, addenda for page 125


web sites of special interest

the collectors club of chicago
g. kock's guide to forgery sites
us postmasters by city
american philatelic society
american philatelic society,  membership application
u.s. philatelic classics society
the carriers and locals society
western cover society
civil war philatelic society ie confederate stamp alliance
hawaii philately
smithsonian, u.s. national postal museum
stuart rossiter trust, postal history
royal philatelic society london
pennnsylvania postal history society
new jersey postal history society
robert a. siegel auction galleries.
james e. lee, our honored competition in the us
vaccari, our honored competition in italy
us  1774-1873 statues at large
 french philatelic links
 german philatelic links
italy & colonies study circie
fred bachenheimer, a good source for us stamps, revenues & possessions
opal, oriental philatelic association of 
london
chile collectors society
interpostal seals of egypt



world philatelic libraries

aprl, aps, bellefonte, pa
western philatelic library, sunnyvale, ca

rocky mountain philatelic library, denver, co
postal history foundation, tucson, az
 
national pm, washington, dc
library of congress, washington, dc
munich, germany
british, london, uk


stockholm, sweden
royal philatelic society london







philatelic book descriptions and listing of libraries having copies
philatelic union catalog



pb products:  our own line of  100% cotton blank and quadrille album pages, mylar (ie dupont melinex ®516) page pockets,
page boxes and 2" cover corners. 
information on pb boxes, pages & mylar along with the notes on laserjet printers.



orders: philatelic bibliopole, po box 36006, louisville, ky 40233, usa. postage in the us is $4.00 for the first book and $1.00 for each additional by media mail, for other transport we charge the actual postage, etc.  foreign orders are plus actual postage, please advise if you want shipment by surface, air or express, etc. and we will advise the cost.
 sorry we do not accept credit cards; personal checks and postal money orders are most acceptable and other arrangements can be made. the
order form contains additional information on foreign postage.


search: to do a key word search first go to one of our above files  that seems most relevant. then on your browser select edit. and search for the key word. we regret that we are not presently able for you to do a key word search of all files.


questions: mail to or  leonard@pbbooks.net please note the "mail to" button button will not work on all browsers but you can always entere the address for an e-mail or phone 502, 451-0317
but we prefer an e-mail.

pb newsletter:  e-mailed frequently to our customers, to subscribe drop  leonard a note. 

about the pb and the printed catalog

books published by the  pb

thank's for visiting our web site, please come again! 
leonard@pbbooks.net 


copyright ©  1995 - 2022  leonard h. hartmann

