





living and aging naturally with essential oils








































































































natural living with essential oils







home
articles

getting to the root of our success – young living farms
how are essential oils different from herbs & supplements
why essential oils?


about melodie
blog
essential oil quality

adulterated oils & their dangers
essential oil distillation
essential oils – 9 dirty tricks commonly used to extend profit
how to be sure your essential oils are authentic premium grade
the game of adulterated oils
what makes an essential oil genuine authentic grade?


young living farms
shop

bloom by young living brightening skin care
how to order young living nature’s ultra cbd oil
slique products
young living thieves products
chemical free living

using thieves household cleaner




get your oils paid for
business

join our team


cbd oil
diffuser jewelry







 would you like to kick harsh chemicals out of your home?
listen to the chemical free living audio and learn easy, simple, and affordable tactics anyone can do with the best essential oils on the planet.
chemical free living:





        your browser does not support the audio element.
    







 


grade a notes newsletter is a monthly email newsletter.
















name: 





email: 







we respect your email privacy










subscribe to the blog for more frequent updates on recipes, both food and diy recipes and other essential oil tidbits.   











living and aging naturally with essential oils






follow me

hi, i am melodie from southeast ohio, in athens county. welcome to living and aging naturally with essential oils. 
i am so glad you are here. i’m sure you are a lot like me, always looking for natural solutions to support a healthy lifestyle. 
i have been using young living essential oils since 1997.  when i first started using young living oils i had such a wonderful uplifting experience i just knew these products were going to be a big part of my life. at that time, i had no idea how many ways they can be used in every day life.  i just loved the smell and how happy they made me. fragrance has always been a big part of my life but i had no idea how full of harsh chemicals my perfumes, lotions, makeup, shampoo hair care and other personal care products were. not to mention cleaning products. yikes!
today i use essential oils to replace lots of products i used to use that are full of harsh chemicals. this is even more important as i am getting older, i am in my 60s now. all of those harsh chemicals are hard on the liver. it’s better to feel young and aging naturally as long as you possibly can. that’s what this blog is all about. i love sharing tips on using essential oils for supporting a young healthy lifestyle. aging gracefully with young living essential oils, the best essential oils on the planet. 
young living oils really are the best. they are the essential oil company that the others try to imitate. the problem is, the others do not have what young living has. they have no farms and distillation. they have no essential oil experts at the helm.

young living essential oils is the world leader in essential oils and have set the standard for purity and quality. every batch of oils is rigorously tested by independent laboratories before being sold to customers. you are protected by young living’s unconditional guarantee of purity and quality.

to be able to ensure the high grade of essential oils, gary young has taken the ultimate step: he has developed his own farms and his own essential oil distillation techniques to guarantee the top quality he seeks. he has become a true pioneer in developing these operations in the united states. 
when processed correctly, essential oils are so highly concentrated, most of them are at least 50 times more potent than the herbs or plants they came from. when herbs are cut & dehydrated, they can lose as much as 90% of the healthy nutrients as well as the vast majority of the vital molecules. not so with essential oils, which are many times more potent than dried herbs.

most of the essential oils you find in health food stores are so low in quality and full of adulterations, they are of very little benefit. even essential oils labeled as “pure” are not what they seem.
 there is a very big difference between the low quality essential oils and authentic premium grade essential oils. check out the essential oil quality section for more details.  

if you would like to . . . 

relax after a stressful day  
replace harsh chemicals with natural personal care and household solutions infused with essential oils
support your healthy immune system with essential infused products  *
have healthy skin care options that reveal your natural radiance
decrease obnoxious odors   
pamper your body from the outside in 
and much more  

 . . . then please consider young living essential oils!
 
 
popular posts:

 

ways to use young living frankincense essential oil

 

young living cbd oil infused with essential oils

 

support your healthy immune system with citrus oils



young living ionic mineral essence



banana ice cream recipes with young living vitality essential oils 

 

how young living sources essential oils that meet seed to seal standards



chocolate date truffles with young living vitality oils



young living sulfurzyme for hair and skin



how to make a sugar facial scrub with essential oils



lavender – the swiss army knife of essential oils



using release essential oil blend with emotional freedom techniques 



multigreens – nutrient rich support for your healthy body



16 ways to use thieves essential oil

 

young living eucalyptus oils to support winter wellness




leopard cub art prints

big cats art prints

art prints

 


 it’s easy to get started right away. just click here to start shopping with young living essential oils.  




 






 


melodie kantner - brand partner 39971

 contact melodie:
740-698-2644


 follow me:

 



 





 


 


 
    follow



 
                      copyright        ©                  natural living with essential oils         privacy policy  
 











































