







	about us | choose-your-gift







































































skip to main content











user



gift



info





checkmark



plus



minus



search



arrow-right2



arrow-left2



arrow-down2



arrow-up2



bell



warning





filter



print



shopping-cart





arrow-back



chevron-thin-up



chevron-thin-right



chevron-thin-left



chevron-thin-down



chevron-small-up



chevron-small-right



chevron-small-left



chevron-small-down



chevron-right



chevron-left



chevron-down



chevron-up



mail



phone



arrow-right



arrow-left



arrow-down



arrow-up



zoom-in



zoom-out



close



pinterest



instagram



google-plus



facebook



twitter



youtube



share



sort-asc



sort-desc



play



pause











choose-your-gift












call us






the site navigation utilizes arrow, enter, escape, and space bar key commands. left and right arrows move across top level links and expand / close menus in sub levels. up and down arrows will open main level menus and toggle through sub tier links. enter and space open menus and escape closes them as well. tab will move on to the next part of the site rather than go through menu items.





									gift catalog
								 





									give a gift
								 



choose a gift program



choose a gift program




print gift certificate




digital gift certificate





corporate gifts


employee appreciation gifts



healthcare worker gifts




government employee gifts




teacher appreciation gifts





holiday business gifts


safety recognition awards


work anniversary gifts






									redeem
								 





									about us
								 



about us


why choose us


our blog


contact us


faq






									my account
								 



login


register






									choose a gift program
								 

















we help you show your appreciation
 









in 1958 the choose-your-gift® delivered price program was introduced to help companies acknowledge their greatest asset. our goal today is the same as it was back then, provide a gift program that delivers a choice for both the administrators and the recipients.















easy
administration
select the plan that best fits your needs, distribute to your recipients, view online tracking and redemption reports. 


high quality
brand name merchandise
each choose-your-gift® gift level provides a unique collection of brand name merchandise from trusted and well-known sources.


program
accountability
we provide your organization with online redemption reports giving you the ability to see actual redemption progress.


first class
customer service
we provide you with on-time delivery and online tracking information making your job easier. 


see our gift plans
whether you are looking to recognize employees for hard work, safety, excellence in the work place, reward loyal customers, or drive sales, choose-your-gift® makes your incentive program a success.






since 1958








1958
1960's
1970's
1980's
1990's
2000
2003
2016
2018
2019








in 1958, the choose-your-gift® selective gift program was developed. this concept provided businesses with an option to reward their recipients with a gift of their own choosing. 











the 1960’s ushered in gift booklets with different price levels up to $100, all printed in full color.











the 1970’s saw the choose-your-gift® program expand to include even more price levels.











by the 1980’s, the choose-your-gift® program grew in popularity shipping hundreds of thousands of gifts to recipients across the continent.











the 1990’s brought the choose-your-gift® program to a new plateau.  gift levels were added in additional monetary values up to $1,000.











the year 2000 continued the family legacy of choose-your-gift® being shipped since inception from the firm’s three original locations in illinois, new york and new jersey.  also, online sales of this popular program was introduced.











2003 saw choose-your-gift® online program sales grow rapidly, doubling in size in just three short years.











2016, choose-your-gift® moves to a new location in chicago, il and becomes choose-your-gift.com reflecting our commitment to becoming a web based company.











2018, choose-your-gift.com celebrates 60 years of providing businesses with a premier gift program.











choose-your-gift® launches a new website designed by american eagle.com with expanded price plateau levels up to $5,000 that provide recipients the choice of tens-of-thousands of gift selections.  











for over 65 years we have given companies and their recipients the simple gift of "choice".





with so many great brands, choosing might be difficult
choose-your-gift® offers your recipients their choice of thousands of name brand products.
contact us





need help? we are here for you.
our trained sales staff is available to assist you with any questions or concerns regarding our website or your account.
contact us













enter your email address to receive exclusive offers from choose-your-gift® and interesting recognition ideas that keep you up-to-date on latest trends.

email  




p o box 101164 | chicago, il 60610-8911 | 800.868.9132









©2025 choose-your-gift.com | web design & development by  americaneagle.com









close











