


















atlanta boat show official site | atlanta, ga



































        skip to content
      












 





















plan your visit




 






general information


show info/faq


getting to the show


hotels


show map


photos & videos


sponsors


newsletter sign up












things to do


features


let's go fishing seminar schedule


boater’s basics




















top reasons to visit the discover boating atlanta boat show



 



the discover boating atlanta boat show has a wide selection of boats, an abundance of must-see attractions, and fun features for all ages.

learn more about boat show attractions







fishing demos & seminars



 



watch pro anglers demonstrate fishing and casting skills at this 5,000-gallon aquarium.

view schedule




















who's exhibiting




 



our exhibitors
full list of exhibitors at this year's show
boat brands
list of boat brands with corresponding exhibitors and their location at the show
show map
view the latest interactive floorplan










certified boat brands



 



nmma certification is a program designed to help boat manufacturers comply with industry safety and construction standards and federal regulations.

learn more






























discover boating




 



boat loan calculator
looking for financing? use our boat loan calculator to estimate your monthly payment.
 

boat buyer's guide
from choosing the right boat to closing the deal, our buyer’s guide will get you one step closer to the boat of your dreams.
boat ownership & operating resources
the boat is just the beginning—find pro tips on maintenance, storage, registration and insurance, towing, and accessories.
plan your next boating adventure
just add water—go boat camping, or boat-gating before the big game, jump into watersports, or take the fishing trip of a lifetime. 











discover boating



 



discover boating is here to be your trusted friend with a boat. when you have questions, we’re here with answers on everything from buying and owning, to boat handling basics and safety tips, gear, destinations, how to’s and more.

dive in









boat insurance made easy from progressive



 



our insurance partner, progressive, insures over 1.3 million watercraft.
quote boat insurance online in minutes.

get a quote
















boat finder


get show updates




header secondary nav


become an exhibitor


exhibitor & sponsor center


media center





































atlanta boat show®
january 9-12, 2025
 
georgia world congress center, hall c
















thanks for a great show. see you next year!
join our crew. get our newsletter for show updates.


subscribe today























why attend?




 





the discover boating atlanta boat show has a wide selection of boats, an abundance of must-see attractions, and fun features for all ages.
 

learn more about the show












things to do




 





there’s something for everyone at this year’s show!

view things to do












boat finder




 





filter by boat type, length, price range and more!

shop boats














make the most of your time at the show






lake life lounge


view more








fishing seminars


learn more








show map


stay on track






















check out this year's official show guide!
don't miss a thing at this year’s show. find a complete list of exhibitors, products and attractions to help you plan your day.
view guide
























































































in partnership with




official show sponsors



















































 






date/time
january 9-12, 2025


thu 11 am - 8 pm
fri 11 am - 4 pm
sat 10 am - 8 pm
sun 10 am - 5 pm







georgia world congress center - hall c
285 andrew young international blvd nw
atlanta ga 30313


general show inquiries:
314.287.6102
info@atlantaboatshow.com


become an exhibitor: 502.753.1441


ngaw@nmma.org






get show updates



facebook
twitter
instagram








  © 2025 nmma all rights reserved | customer privacy policy
































































