







mccabe @ picturepicture.net
































































home




writing for money: sometimes, i write. 




on my mind




dogs and selfies.




contact









based in chicago, illinois, mccabe is a creative digital production manager, obsessed with the process, training, and communication necessary to ease the creation of amazing new digital experiences. 

















mccabe @ picturepicture.net let's build something great together.
























0








welcome!












this is not my mug or my laptop, but look at how happy and productive that zoom call looks!





my name is mccabe. i’m based in chicago. i’m very employable. wanted:a career in a position with fantastic coworkers, incredible benefits, and tons of learning opportunities.i am looking for a long-term contract or a full-time role helping teams coordinate the digital artifacts used to build websites, software, advertisements, games, and apps; develop new software to present those creative projects;  and manage the creatives that produce everything the clients need to accomplish their company goals. while i have a formal resume with company names and dates and all that ats-triggering info, something happened to me while i was editing it for the hundredth time to match the keywords/tone to a very creative job description. i was inspired to think of my past roles as people who had a profound influence on me - people who i had once gone on boozy lunches with and written hilarious training presentations for and searched for very specific images to flesh out their projects - and wanted to write a sort of biography of my job history, rather than just a list of  dusty old “job titles” at “companies” that formerly paid me “salaries.”i let my jobs took on personalities of their own, and rather than listing them as “positions in which i helped a company grow and improve and succeed,” i had fun thinking of names that described the personalities of the brands as i  remembered them, and writing about them with those personalities in mind. i think of this post as the “alt text” for my actual resume - or maybe just an engaging resume narrative, focusing on the whole experience rather than just listing company names. mary suemary sue and i worked on one single project, a part of a larger non-profit website where all she needed was someone to jump in, figure out how the software templates worked, and then plug in about 100 team training resources, sorted via tagging, careful naming, and adapting the template’s search capabilities. mary sue was generous with her time, honest about what she didn’t understand about the process, and brilliant at communicating what the greater consortium stakeholders *actually* needed rather than the “pie in the sky” conceptual project outline they used for the grant that funded this simple but important resource we built. trevoras you can imagine from his name, trevor was cool. as a 9-month gaming production contract, trevor brought constant change, great co-workers, incredible branded images with very specific rules about how and when to use them, and truly intense but essential learning opportunities for my career. i learned so much about alternative versions of production and the ever-changing needs of a huge gaming company - and thanks to my teammates, i made the crossover from “creative producer” to “marketing producer” to “games producer” and back several times due to changes within the various departments and my willingness to do whatever it takes to get the job done. madisonthe defining “relationship” of what i look for in a career, working with madison was an adventure, with freedom to explore new code, introduce potential creative projects, and participate in editorial in ways that the production and design teams aren’t always granted. every day for 6 years, i built endless websites with gorgeous images and incredible writing, all fueled by the ability to indulge my passion for popular culture and focused by the direction of incredible art directors, photographers, and mavericks, including madison herself. i loved participating in daily editorial meetings with a brilliant and popular-culture-focused, deeply inspiring team. this was the best time i’ve ever had for money and i confess, i’ve been looking for another madison ever since she left chicago.  i will always treasure the people i met there and the nuances of design, culture, tact, and grace that i learned from my coworkers. mabelmy long-term career position that ended up being my covid-19 layoff job, mabel brought me 9 years of consistency, collaborative support, and creative mentorship working in an advertising agency, with a very diverse group of creatives, software developers, engineers, all working together to create millions (literally, millions) of interactive digital projects. i am proud of the work i did with mabel, and i wish i had kept a portfolio from many of the clients whose projects i produced - the range of templates i adapted with the art directors was dizzying. because i don’t have the images, or the 1000 words per image to describe everything, i will say that i am proud to have been a valuable contributor to the successful consistency in design and brand identity for nearly a decade of collaborative, creative, innovative work. kareni spent 15 months with karen, embedded as a creative in her marketing and communications department. i came in to exercise my managerial and innovative digital experiences in an environment that had previously hired vendors for all their creative needs. it was a confidence-building, emotional intelligence experiment in which they let me build a fun, diverse, kind of crazy creative department, content management system outline, and innovative website production process from the ground up. surprisingly, the whole experience wasn’t as daunting as it would have been if i had been told at the beginning:  “hey, let me tell you what we’re gonna try to do together - and which skills and experiences you brought to the table were the real reasons why we asked you to come out with me - it’s not what you really thought.” the future job - to be namedwhat will the next job be? my hopeful request to the job gods is that it will be a long-term, life-changing experience with amazing coworkers, incredible benefits, and constant learning opportunities. (and as a hopeful request to the job gods, i mean this “as a part of the hard work i am putting in to find, apply for, interview, and (soon)  land a new job.”)i am looking. and networking. and, despite being unemployed, i am paying back to the job search karma gods by helping fellow unemployed people however i can. let’s meet up for a drink and a chat - we can connect on linkedin and i’ll send you my resume, in case you hear of any good leads in the meantime. i promise to do the same for you. 















project portfolio (in progress)on my mind: 



on my mind



if my resume had alt text
about a year ago





wanted: a career in a great position with a great company, amazing coworkers, incredible benefits, and constant learning opportunities.
about 3 years ago





it's a new world. with social distancing and facemasks and zoom and everything else. 
about 4 years ago





a redesign and a reboot...
about 8 years ago





emo thoughts that don't belong on the facebooks: or, yet another example of giving up important stuff on a whim. 
about 10 years ago





my wish for 2015
about 10 years ago















instagram











haven’t shown off the spice girls in a long time….they are doing well, bringing me joy every single day. @chihuahuapups









haven’t worked for the brand  for a million years, but i am still delighted to share when i see playboy in the wild.,,,.









even when i was paid to pose, i have never felt more “100% undeniably gorgeous” than i have today after this spectacular italian haircut. big💋 to gartano at indira salon in park ridge!!!! #aintnohumbleinthisbrag #avedasalon @indirasalonspa









woke up to these happy little faces, so you know my birthday started so, very very well…..









having a relaxing, and delightful birthday, thank you, friends, for all your best wishes and good intentions. consider these daffodils as my “thank you” hugs!









retromccabe from 6 years ago has no idea how much her fabulousness will be tested in her future…. she is so fucking amazing, i am so proud of her strength…1970s leather and silver with a touch of lipstick for the win.









what do you think? then, or now?









last day of ceramics class (we have to come back to pick them up when after the last firing)…..believe it or not, these will all be shades of gold, green, and blue once the heat gets to them….#centeredclaycollecective









@shacksbury was one vendor that i waited to try until closer to the end of the day, as i had a feeling their “yuzu ginger” and “sugar shack” would be as flavorful yet light as they are - for those who care about this sort of thing, they are all about the whole “organic” and “real ingredient”’sort of thing, too.  @chicagocidersummit (and yes, their chicago distributor knows why you are laughing at the sugar shack reference) (and if you are a chicagoan and you don’t get the reference, 1) you are not an old like me and 2) ask your chicago-based olds to explain.









@ciderboys read my mind and filled the hole that was left when finnriver stopped making finflusse….their cranrazz is a delightful  sweet berry cider that gives you all the cranberry with none of those gelatinous ridged can-shape from the holiday side dish….@chicagocidersummit







 











picturepicture.net is a chicago-based webspace built by mccabe. 



  

powered by squarespace


































0







