







dewitt tool company, inc


















































0








        skip to content
      































        home
      



        about us
      



        shipping and returns
      



        contact us
      













                    view our catalog!
                  






open menu
close menu



































        home
      



        about us
      



        shipping and returns
      



        contact us
      













                    view our catalog!
                  






open menu
close menu
























                  home
                





                  about us
                





                  shipping and returns
                





                  contact us
                






                view our catalog!
              



















dewitt tool is your florida tool connectionwe have thousands of tools in stock and a knowledgeable sales staff ready to assist.




    come by our showroom!
  
























a bit about dewitt
dewitt tool company is a fourth generation family owned and operated business. originally started in the early 1900s in new york city, dewitt tool opened its south florida location in 1980 and has loyally serviced its local customers ever since. 



learn more about us





























products we supply
dewitt tool specializes in supplying industrial cutting tools.  we have a fully trained and knowledgeable sales staff ready to assist with the most technical questions.  we are not just a catalog house; we know our tools and their applications.  major industries serviced:metalworkingmachine shopsmro – maintenance repair operationsexportfederal & county government contractsindustrial distributorswe can provide technical expertise and keep our customers abreast of the latest techniques to help them do the job more efficiently and save them time and money.  we are proud members of stafda (specialty tools & fasteners distributors association), ida (industrial distributors association), florida employers exchange, and the greater miami chamber of commerce.we have stocking locations in lindenhurst, ny and miami, fl. our main offices are located in miami where we have the largest inventory of cutting tools in south florida.  our shipping policy is that any stocking order placed by 4:30 pm will be shipped the same day. 



contact us for a quote





















we pride ourselves on stocking large amounts of inventory and shipping it quickly.




    learn about our shipping policy
  














industrial distributor of quality productsfrom maintence to precision tools, dewitt tool company distributes quality products in the industrial tooling space. please see below for a list of the brands we represent.






















act american carbide tool









apex tool group









drill america









chicago pneumatic









hougen









flexovit









hannibal carbide









helicoil









itw rustlick









iscar









jacobs









jet









lenox









metabo









mitutoyo









onsrud









norton abrasives









palmgren









precision brand









ridgid









sgs









stanley proto









starrett









tap magic









tungaloy









vise grip









weiler









weldon









wright tool





























lenox saw service center
dewitt tool company is an authorized lenox saw service center. we can custom make band saw blades to your specifications on site.



contact us for a quote



















get in touch.please contact us using the form or give us a call at 305-888-1450 or stop by our showroom.  hours are monday - friday, 8am - 5pm est.  please note that we service local customers only, we are not an ecommerce company.our location is:6550 nw 72 avemiami, fl 33166

 








              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              message
              
                *







thank you!




















contactemail: sales@dewitt-tool.comphone: (305) 888-1450fax: (305) 888-4810literature: catalog



dewitt tool company6550 nw 72 avemiami, fl 33166hablamos español



hoursmonday – friday8am – 5pm

























