














watches for men women and children at ringmania
















contact
men's
women's
children's




watches for men, women and children at ringmania
one off the wrist

save up to 70%








watches for everyone are all available at ringmania. click on the links below  to find every kind of watch for men, women and children. some great offers on many top brands are also available via our affiliates
watches for men women and children all available to buy online at ringmania via affiliates in the uk.
wide selection to suit any occasion or budget.
free uk delivery and special offers always available.
all methods of payment accepted. cash payments  welcome. (contact us for details)
from the least expensive everyday watches to luxury watches including the top designer brands manufactured by 
                                        rolex,
                                        omega, seiko, breitling, rado, lacroix, tissot, tag heuer, longines, gucci and many more.
please subscribe to our newsletter to be informed about the latest products and deals available.
watches come in many different styles and price ranges. some are in a league of their own and are made with impressive craftsmanship and style. of course it comes as no surprise that these watches come with a higher price tag. watch brands such as rolex and other luxury watches instil a certain feeling in just about everyone and not only the watch enthusiasts. here at this site you will find the best brands at the best prices for these luxury items among others which may not be so expensive but are still great value. whatever your preference, we hope that you find the timepiece of your choice and enjoy using it for many years to come. check out some of the links below from our affiliates and you will surely find the best deal that you are looking for. watch brands for every occasion and to suit any budget. check out the current selection available via ringmania and get up to 70% discount at watchshop
many deals will be featured at this website, offering great gifts for men, women and children. so please bookmark this website for future reference and don't forget to share with all your friends on social media using the links at the top of this page.if you are looking for a gift to present to the man in your life or just a mans watch from only around £35, check out our 5 cheap watches for men section. some of the top luxury watches for men are also available at the 5 luxury watches for men page. you won't find the cheapest watches for men here, but you will find a recognised brand at a reasonable price to buy online today!


about ringmania
ringmania began in 1995 as a small market stall owned and managed by myself, malcolm scott in great yarmouth, norfolk, england selling handcrafted fashion and costume jewellery.
                the business soon became successful and the product range increased with hair accessories and body piercing jewellery. a large following of local customers was established and in 1999, the first free website was published online and in 2000 ringmania.co.uk became the main site.
                in 2004 i relocated to thailand and opened ringmania.com as the main site featuring an online store. specializing in sterling silver rings, hair accessories and body jewellery, the site was ranking at number one in many search engines for some  important keywords. selling a vast range of fashion accessories around the world. in 2005 i gave up the markets to concentrate on the online sales.
                
                2019 marked yet another milestone with ringmania. after a break of several years while living in asia, i moved back to the uk. this time in sheffield.
                
                as i still owned the hairmania domain i built a new site to sell hair accessories online from my base in sheffield in 2019.
                
                in addition, i have also opened a new site at 6forafiver.co.uk. the name really speaks for itself and at that site you can find a large range of iron-on patches and other items all at only £1 each or six for a fiver. all items are in stock and for any order of ten pounds or more we will post your parcel free of charge to any uk address.
                



this month's featured product
each month we will feature one of the best deals in watches at various sites on the internet
                                        check this page regularly to find out the latest special offers.
                                        


may promotion 2023 locksley london skeleton automatic watch ll136940
click on the photo above to learn more or buy online now at watchshop for only £127 use discount code: spring20 for an extra 20% off!



check out the latest smartwatches for men, women and children at watchshop from only £24.99.
                                                      

the latest smartwatches are now available at watchshop from only £24.99 each
                                                    many styles available for men, women and children. click on the banner to see the full range.
                                                           





we're happy to hear from you
if you are interested in any of the products at this website or just making an enquiry, please leave a message below and i will reply asap.




your name







your email address







add your message here:







					 
				
when you submit this form, your message will be sent directly to my email and i will reply as soon as possible. please note that you will get no reply if your message does not relate to the content of this page or is not written in english. 
send your message





see more at our facebook & twitter pages.
    
disclosure
contact
cookie policy
privacy policy
find all watch brands available from our affiliates in alphabetical order here
© ringmania 2022




cookie consent by popupsmart website

