




autotest company








































 skip to main content skip to header right navigation skip to site footerautotest companyautomated power supply test equipmentmenuproducts

product overview
uts-625 high capacity power supply tester
uts-325 universal desktop power supply tester
apg for windows – universal tester software platform
knowledge base
power supply ate workflow


services

services overview
depot level test applications
renewable energy inverter testing
control module power tools
build to print test sets
vertical launch system automated test equipment
data acquisition units for military and commercial applications
master harness interfaces for ate solutions
night vision goggle power supply test system
virginia panel interface applications
custom break-out boxes for testing


ate applications
contact us










customized testing solutions for mission critical power supply reliability

explore custom ate configurations


schedule a demo






automated test equipment for power supplies



mil/aerospace


custom power supply testing and burn-in designs, ideal depot level testing for mission critical equipment.
read more >>




commercial


custom solutions for specialized power supply and inverter testing in green energy applications.
read more >>




medical


data acquisition and testing for medical advanced qualification on specialized power supply products.
 read more >>




automotive


extend battery life cycles with custom qualification and reliability testing in the automotive market.
read more >> 



for nearly 50 years autotest company has provided our customers with proven bespoke power and power supply testers for applications across all industrial sectors. autotest testers allow for efficient testing on the production floor, in labs or anywhere else you might test power supplies. with the advent of solid state switching power supplies autotest had to adapt to the changing environment of power supply testing. we focus heavily in defense, aerospace, medical and green power (including led power supplies for industrial usage). we continue to provide our customers with leading solutions that generate measurable results and improved manufacturing efficiencies.
we have qualified engineering support to help you figure out the extent and depth of your testing that makes economic and technical sense for your particular application, from standard, instrument-based solutions to extremely specialized, high end customized testing systems. autotest works with its customers to develop the appropriate test methods and test hardware to meet the needs of the application. some of these applications include non-standard, innovative solutions that may not have been addressed by other vendors or by in-house engineering.





company info
autotest companygeo w cox and sons, inc.5347 dietrich roadsan antonio, tx 78219-2997usa
phone: 210-661-8661fax: 210-661-3624email: sales@autotest.com


additional links
privacy policy
contact us


follow us
linkedin



copyright © 2025 · autotest company · all rights reserved · website design by new media-designs



