






martha's vineyard shellfish group, inc

















































martha's vineyard shellfish group, inc




about
who we are
meet the staff
history
facilities
f.a.q.s & resources



what we do
shellfish seed
microalgae
oyster restoration
phragmites
eelgrass
shell recovery
education



more info
shellfish importance
island-cultured shellfish
island blue pages
reports
speaker series collaboration


contact


newsletter


donate now


bivalve ball


employment















about/who we aremeet the staffhistoryfacilitiesf.a.q.s & resources
what we do/shellfish seedmicroalgaeoyster restorationphragmiteseelgrassshell recoveryeducation
more info/shellfish importanceisland-cultured shellfishisland blue pagesreportsspeaker series collaboration
contact/
newsletter/
donate now/
bivalve ball/
employment/





































home











about/who we aremeet the staffhistoryfacilitiesf.a.q.s & resources
what we do/shellfish seedmicroalgaeoyster restorationphragmiteseelgrassshell recoveryeducation
more info/shellfish importanceisland-cultured shellfishisland blue pagesreportsspeaker series collaboration
contact/
newsletter/
donate now/
bivalve ball/
employment/































what is the shellfish group?martha’s vineyard shellfish group is a non-profit organization working to restore shellfish resources for the well-being of the entire island community since 1976.we operate facilities on chappaquiddick, in tisbury and in oak bluffs. in 2024, we grew 23 million quahogs, bay scallops, and oyster seed for the shellfish departments of our six island towns. an additional 1.5 million oyster singles were grown and distributed to five island oyster farmers to help combat a regional seed shortage. we also supplement wild populations by releasing millions of scallop eggs & larvae, and millions more oyster eggs.













we turn your shells back into oyster habitat!
pictured: oyster spat growing on recycled shell that will be planted out into the island’s great ponds. 



get involved! 








our main projects: annual shellfish seed production of three native island species (quahog, american oyster, bay scallop) for the islandshell recycling from restaurants and homes for oyster habitat restorationoyster population and habitat restoration in the great pondseelgrass restoration for it’s important ecosystem services and for bay scallop habitateducation within island schools and lifelong learning for residents & visitors of all ages. 



bivalve ball tickets on sale now!













  











“the thing that i found cool about learning how to draw oysters was how much their shells resembled tree rings. i don’t know how long each ring takes to make, but when i put the oyster design for the sticker together, i wanted to show how the shell grows out from where the oyster started. oysters shells look pretty complex and gnarly but when i looked at how the visible part of the initial shell kind of guided the direction that subsequent layers went, it all kind of came together.”-nanci worthington, illustrator 



 


    learn more
  







follow us on instagram for the latest



























































    become a donor
  





join our mailing list






first name



last name




email address






sign up





we won’t overwhelm your inbox, just send you interesting martha’s vineyard shellfish related information from time to time. thank you for your interest!









 


 






















© martha's vineyard shellfish group, llc. created by anansi+hayes


























 



