




no place but texas - texas information page 


 





texas information site


no place but texas was created in 1996. we have been online for over 20 years. it was originally created to provide the best texas links and information. we try to keep it updated as time allows. we have kept it up at the request of texans. we spend our own free time and funds to keep this site going, but since the oil slump, i was laid off my job in 2016 and it is hard to support the site financially. if you would like to help keep it going, please use the donate button and contribute anything you can. we truly appreciate it!








linking your texas information

if you have a texas website, blog or information that you wish to link with us, we will be glad to do so. and we would appreciate a link on your site. just email.
texas government links
texas online
texas senate
texas law library
texas legislature
tmcec
criminal appeals
texas veterans commission
texas military museum
texas handgun laws
department of public safety
texas police newspaper
house of representatives
risk management
texas comptroller
texas taxpayer
texas democratic party
deptartment of commerce
brazosport area coc
the white house
supreme court of texas
court of appeals
texas court structure
texas court rules
texas state guard
texas veteran portal 
texas attorney general
sex offenders database
municipal police association
association of texas counties
texas municipal league
texas tax forms
unclaimed property
republican party of texas
texas dept. of health



who is in charge?

 since the presidential election, it is now becoming evident to everyone as to what a mess of government is in. who really controls the united states? is it the president? is it the bankers? is it wall street? is it a global cabal? who really knows. 
we all should get behind president trump and give him the opportunity afforded obama. i am willing to bet he can turn things around.
so when did this all start? i believe this all began november 22nd 1963. or that is when we lost control. the assassination of jfk killed the american dream until reagan came along a breathed it back to life for a short time.
it is obvious that the mainstream media and other billionaire liberals have tried to buy the american people. i hope the election of donald trump shows these folks it can't be done.


texas travel
travel texas
palo duro canyon state park
y.o. ranch
texas travel conditions
texas big thicket
toledo-bend.com 
tour texas
fredericksburg bed & breakfast
texas panhandle
texas travel & tourism
texas hill country
south padre island
port-aransas waterfront



"no place but texas"



"things you should hear-truth  

welcome to no place but texas. visit our friends site, "caravan to midnight". john b. wells is a texas native and broadcast for dallas. take a look at "caravan to midnight" 


the texas constitution
texas fun links!
texas jamm band
featuring memebers of george strait's "ace in the hole band"
travel texas
palo duro canyon state park
y.o. ranch
texas travel conditions
texas big thicket
toledo-bend.com 
tour texas
flying o ranch(kennel)
texas outside
fredericksburg bed & breakfast
south padre
buc-ee's
amarillo pages 
texas travel & tourism
texas hill country
port-aransas waterfront
texas society hill


our new! business partners
towing in edinburg texas
heating & ac repair in forth worth
veteran small business guide



small business partners
the transmission shop
tracy crain
chimney wildlife tech



follow @twitter
 
texas travel map



pdf road map of texas
click on the texas map and you will have a nice enlarging map of texas with cities, towns and highways to get you started on your trip around the great state of texas.

dewberry farms carved pumpkin patch



texas info links


jobbank usa
texas monthly
texas bookstore
texas a & m
central texas workforce
texas cooking
texas gazette
bastrop christians
@texas home page
texas newcomers
texas cemeteries
find a contractor 
all of texas
texas lotto 
texasjobs.com
kingsville brahma band
wild texas 
hill country sun 
texas natural resources
texas vital records
southwest texas u
fatal texas auto crash stats

 





small business partners

tenant screening 


2010 texas economic report
texas counties
and

texas cities and towns



this site is a member of webring. 
to browse visit 
here.




visit


 
 
     
        
         
     


about me
	i am currently looking for an opportunity in information technology. i am a highly dependable, results-oriented professional with a proven record of ability to manage and support information technology with 20 years of experience in this area. i have worked under the titles of, "desktop support", "systems specialist ii", "systems administrator", network administrator", "backup manager", "managed print services lead " and " help desk analyst". i have worked in enterprise networks, medium size networks, small business networks and personal home computers and networks. i am always present and available and take pride in being able to solve problems in the most effective, efficient and timely manner. i have worked side by side with ceo's, presidents, vice presidents, directors and managers as well have the average everyday user. i have impeccable professional references and an exemplary work history. i have experience with all the major hardware manufacturers, including, hp, dell, compaq, toshiba and clones. i have worked with ca service desk and remedy ticketing systems.

also in my career i have been a buyer for large media distributor. coordinated inventory for a government agency.   have been a merchandiser, inventory control and buyer for national retail chain. i worked retail in the entertainment media business. i have done web designed for several independent companies. the industries i have worked in are entertainment media, government, oil & gas, tooling manufacturing, electric utility, national print company. it industries include, government, oil & gas, utilities, manufacturing and personal computing. i prefer to stay in the information technology field, but will look at other interesting opportunities. if you have an opportunity , email me at dwd@noplacebuttexas.com

designed and maintained by no place but texas
owned and operated by dwd@noplacebuttexas.com and dailyestates 
llc





make america great again!
stand behind your president


the election is finally over! i am shocked that the global-ist were defeated. this is truly a major shift for america. i myself was into real estate back in 2006 and read a lot of trumps books. i wanted him to run in 2008 and told people so. most all laughed like i was nuts. i know him through his writing and i had a gut feeling about him. i kept low key about him running in 2016, for i did not think he could overcome the corruption and the power brokers, but somehow it happened. also i had to see how he would behave. although there are some issues, he has hit the ground running and is getting things done. he has to undo about 12 years of bad administrations. not an easy task.

i am so disappointed in the opposition to trump. i went through 8 years of being very upset with the last administration, but did not riot, burn things, shout obscenities, hurt people and act like an anarchist. i went to work everyday, obeyed the law and paid my taxes. i expect the clinton supporters to do the same. stop acting like children, including the senators and congressmen on the far left. it's embarrassing!

 i have listed here a few sites that i like to use for alternate news:
"the drudge report"
"coast to coast"
"stop big media"
misc. links

cnn
tiger maps
the weather cannel
houston astros
gamecenter
fedex
ups
shareware
movie database
domain lookup
jobbank usa
cnet
zdnet
mapquest
microsoft
tv guide
ticket master
mtv
auto bluebook
fantasy sports



