



austin estate planning | austin divorce lawyer austin | austin attorney



















 




austin divorce lawyer
 family law and
        divorce
dealing with  a divorce or family law issue can be one of the difficult and painful events in  a person’s life.  picking the right divorce lawyer can make a huge  difference in how well you handle and survive this difficult time.  

 a good divorce lawyer or family  law attorney should ideally be skilled at two very different things.  a  family law attorney needs to be skilled and ready to fight effectively in  court, but only when that fight is what’s called for by the circumstances of  the particular case.  a divorce lawyer should also be able to identify and  pursue options for settlement that will meet the needs of the client without  the need for expensive and emotionally painful divorce-court battles. 

a divorce client is not well  served by an attorney that is nervous about entering the courtroom, but a  client is also not well served by a divorce lawyer who wishes only to fight,  without regard to whether that truly serves the client’s needs.  clients  need lawyers who can work effectively on both fronts, and most importantly knows  when to do which.

as an attorney, hilton moore  offers you the kind of divorce lawyer that can do the best possible job for you  by helping you make good decisions about how to proceed through such a  difficult time in your life.
 
for more information about what issues are presented in  divorce and family law cases, and how they are frequently resolved by attorneys  in the divorce field, please click
        here. 


austin will attorney
estate planning package
as an estate lawyer, hilton moore offers a reasonably priced package of wills, powers of attorney, and directives, designed to meet the needs of most people in the distribution of their estate, the appointment of executors, the nomination of guardians for minor children, the creation of trusts for children, the appointment of agents to make medical and financial decisions in times of need, and the making of decisions about extraordinary life-extending efforts.
the package includes the following four documents:

a last will and testament
a statutory durable power of attorney
a medical power of attorney
a directive to physicians (aka living will)

for more details from lawyer hilton moore regarding wills, click here.
as an estate attorney, i believe these documents  meet the basic needs that most people are trying to satisfy when making estate  plans.  more complex plans to meet more complex needs are available.





        



austin divorce lawyer home | wills-powers of
    attorney-directives & living wills | austin wills | divorce - child support - custody etc. | family
    law & estate planning
attorney profile | contact us | mediation calendar



c r e a t e d   b y



austin wills, austin divorce attorney, divorce lawyer austin, basic will, austin divorce lawyer, divorce attorney austin, 
    austin will attorney, 
    austin will lawyer, will laywer austin, will attorney austin, tx, texas
links





