







what jews believe – what jews believe









































			skip to content		



what jews believe
what jews believe




 









this
site is for jews and non-jews who want to learn more about jewish
beliefs, or have questions about how hebrew scripture has informed and
shaped jewish belief and practice throughout the ages. 
the core of the site is a series of essays which explain the biblical foundations of jewish belief, and clarify the differences between jewish theology and christian theology, using specific biblical passages. jewish beliefs concerning life, death, sin, forgiveness, and atonement are quite different from christian beliefs. on this website you will learn how and why, and in so doing, learn about genuine judaism.
on the navigation bar to the right, or further down the page if you are on mobile, you will find a menu of belief statements which distinguish judaism from christianity. 
in addition to the belief statements, you will also find a section that covers the verses from the hebrew scriptures most commonly used by christians to proselytize jews to christianity. this section shows how judaism understands these verses differently from christianity.
out now! judaism & christianity: a contrast
want a more in-depth and elaborated description of the differences of judaism and christianity? buy my book! judaism & christianity: a contrast.available on:



barnes & noble /  nook
google
play books






searchsearch
hebrew jump startlearn to read hebrew in one hour
essaysone person cannot die for the sins of another
a blood sacrifice is not required for forgiveness of sins
jesus was not the messiah
g-d hates human sacrifices
people are born pure and without original sin
g-d is one and indivisible
there is “the satan”, but not “the devil”
g-d does not become human and humans do not become g-d
“jews for jesus,” “messianic jews,” and “hebrew christians” are not jews.
about the “jewish roots” of christianity
christian prooftextsgenesis 1:1
genesis 1:26
genesis 3:22
genesis 49:10
leviticus 17:11
isaiah 7:14
isaiah 9:6
isaiah 53
jeremiah 31:31
proverbs 30:2-4
psalms 110:1
bibliography & resourcesbibliography
useful books & online resources
 



what jews believe

					proudly powered by wordpress				






