








home page - pnbc inc.


































































































skip to content












save the date! 64th annual session in chicago, il july 20-23
  












 











facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



instagram
 










									202.396.0558								










join pnbc















 







meetings/events
membership
who is pnbc
departments
resources
news
contact
 














donate


































 






 


the denominational home of dr. martin luther king jr. 
							


 


















pnbc and national training school for women and girls 












 







the national training school for women and girls and the progressive national baptist convention, inc. historic district stand as monumental symbols of educational and civil rights progress in the united states. this historic district, recognized under dc criterion b (history) and national register criterion a (events) and c (individual), holds profound importance for several reasons.




pnbc and nannie helen burroughs 









 









what you need to know 
















 







 







64th annual session in chicago, il july 20-23 



 

 



save the date! 






 












 






social justice commission—get involved!  



dei history and backlash
this timeline traces the evolution of diversity, equity, and inclusion (dei) from black codes to contemporary corporate distancing from dei, illustrating how backlash to racial progress has historically aligned with an anti-black, pro-white agenda.
 
 
 
 
 



dei history facilitator guide 







 



 






 











what we offer 










 



 





 







humanitarian support 






in no area is the stewardship of the progressive national baptist convention, inc., more radiant than in the struggle for civil rights and human rights.





 






 







disaster preparedness  






hurricane season is from june 1-november 30. each year parts of the country are devastated by hurricanes. pnbc will keep the members informed of how they can help during these significant weather events.





 






 







congress of christian education 






the congress of christian education shall in cooperation with the board of christian education and publications be responsible for planning the programs of christian leadership education at the annual session.





 






 


















pnbc and your family 










 



 





 







singles in ministry  






s.e.e.ds singles equipping, encouraging, disciplining and supporting 4 christ is to be an outreach arm of pnbc inc.





 






 







youth 






all pnbc youth between the ages of 5 and 18 are encouraged and welcome to participate in the pnbc youth department.





 






 







couples in ministry 






we are calling forth all clergy couples, ministry mates, pastors & spouses, associate ministers, and spouses for a time empowerment!





 






 












presidential initiatives 










 



 





 






 







progressive national baptist convention pastors mentoring inititative (pnbcpmi) 



the purpose of the  pastors mentoring initiative (pmi) is to create a network of support, mentoring and group/resource center for new pastors. for pmi's purpose, new pastors are defined as pastors serving less than seven (7) years.
 
 










 









 play video



 










pnbc 30 years historical retrospective 



progressive national baptist convention, inc. historical retrospective from 1961-1991.
 










 









 play video



 










the progressive hour 



the progressive hour covers various topics impacting the member churches and the members of the progressive national baptist convention.
 










 











presidents' timeline 










 



 





 






load more
















sponsors and partners 










 



 





 















about us 











the progressive national baptist convention, inc., (pnbc) is a vital baptist denomination with an estimated membership of 2.5 million people. pnbc was formed to give full voice, sterling leadership and active support to the american and world fight for human freedom. the convention was the convention -denominational home and platform for the late rev. dr. martin luther king, jr., who addressed every annual session of the convention until his death in 1968. new generations of progressive baptists are continuing the struggle for full voter registration, education and participation in society, economic empowerment and development, and the realization of universal human rights and total human liberation for all people.








mission 











pnbc’s charge is “equipping pastors and churches to be effective in ministry and lifting our voice on behalf of the voiceless.”




vision 











pnbc is the premier prophetic christian body that proclaims the gospel’s social justice message and equips church leadership to meet the needs of the voiceless across the globe.








theme (2022-2026) 











“it’s time” to
embrace ~esther 4:14
empower~ romans 13:10-14
emend~ nehemiah 4:1-15
evaluate~ 1 corinthians 15:8-22
 












 







									the progressive national baptist convention, inc., (pnbc) is a vital baptist denomination with an estimated membership of 2.5 million people. pnbc was formed to give full voice, sterling leadership and active support to the american and world fight for human freedom.								







									progressive national baptist convention, inc.								



									601 – 50th street, ne washington, dc 20019								



									202.396.0558								



									800.876.7622 toll free								



									202.398.4998 fax								










facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



instagram
 


















website design and development by web feet communications & gray works technologies. website support provided by web feet communications. 











   

























































