








dbt self help | self-serve resources for the dbt community








































































what is dbt?

research on dbt
dialectics
find a dbt provider


dbt skills

mindfulness
distress tolerance
emotion regulation
interpersonal effectiveness
miscellaneous


resources

crisis services
international resources
mental health apps
dbt encyclopedia


for providers
about us

support our site
contact us
notes from the founder


blog















home




 










welcome to dbtselfhelp.com
your #1 free dbt resource since 2003










search dbtselfhelp.com



search for:















mindfulness
mindfulness skills help you stop rumination by focusing on the present. they emphasize balance and the dialectics of life. start here if you’re beginning your dbt journey.


5






distress tolerance
distress can feel like the end of the world. this module contains skills to help you survive distress without using target behaviors.


5






emotion regulation
many of us struggle with emotion dysregulation. reduce your emotional vulnerability and stabilize your emotions with these skills.


5






interpersonal effectiveness
navigating relationships can be challenging. use these skills to get your needs met, maintain relationships, and stand up for yourself.


5











listen to us on the bpd bravery podcast













dbt overview
if you’re just starting out on your dbt journey, you may be wondering- so what is dbt? we’ve got you covered with this introduction.








notes from the founder
lisa dietz founded dbt self help in 2001. though the site has now changed hands, lisa’s impact is still honored. learn about her and read her original words here.








mindfulness exercises
mindfulness is the first module of dbt for a reason. its skills are carried through all other modules. practice makes effective so check out these exercises to start your daily practice.










mental health resources
dbt isn’t the end-all-be-all of useful mental health resources. that’s why we’ve collated additional resources such as websites, books, social media accounts, and more.








dbt flashcards
practice learning dbt skills with these flashcard sets. you can use them online, print out your own, or buy a set from our shop (coming soon)!








diary cards
if you’ve already started dbt, you’re probably familiar with diary cards. they help you track your moods, urges, behaviors, and skill use. follow these instructions and pick an example to try.





















this week’s dbt content
new blog posts













the ghosts of christmas past: shame & love during the holiday season

by greg norris | dec 23, 2024 | dbt community | 0 comments




how to have healthy relationships with bpd

by sean | nov 15, 2024 | dbt community | 0 comments




centering myself with wise mind accepts

by greg norris | oct 28, 2024 | dbt community | 0 comments







 








dbt self-help is the largest free dialectical behavioral therapy resource dedicated to making dbt accessible to all those who want to build their life worth living.

followfollowfollow

show your support for dbt self help



having an emergency?
crisis service information


sign up for dbtselfhelp.com updates





success!



email





subscribe



*by subscribing i acknowledge that i am signing up for email communication from dbt self help











 


 




























































