     desmond hotel malvern, a doubletree by hilton    
      

toggle navigation

about us our hotelreviewscareersblogsubscribe to our newsletterevents & gatherings weddingsguest room blocksconferences and retreatsbanquets, parties and eventsdining our restaurantsmake a dinner reservationrestaurant rewardsnew happy hourcurrent beverage line upupcoming events valentine's day 2025reservationswelcome to the desmonda doubletree by hilton hotel in malvern, pamake a hotel reservationwelcome to the desmonda doubletree by hilton hotel in malvern, pamake a hotel reservationwelcome to the desmonda doubletree by hilton hotel in malvern, pamake a hotel reservationwelcome to the desmonda doubletree by hilton hotel in malvern, pamake a hotel reservationwelcome to the desmonda doubletree by hilton hotel in malvern, pamake a hotel reservationwelcome to the desmonda doubletree by hilton hotel in malvern, pamake a hotel reservationabout usexperience the charm, warmth & genuine service of the desmond hotel malvern, a doubletree by hilton. this award winning hotel, wedding venue, and state-of-the-art conference center has earned an outstanding reputation for hospitality and comfort.our friendly, long-tenured professional staff is prepared to make your experience memorable. we invite you to be our guest. a one-of-kind hotel awaits you as does a warm doubletree chocolate chip cookie!situated near the quaint town of malvern nestled in historic chester county – brandywine valley, the desmond boasts easy access to philadelphia, valley forge, west chester, king of prussia and the main line area. septa & amtrak are easily accessible, as is the pa turnpike — just 1 mile from the hotel. philadelphia international airport is only a 35-40 minute drive.relaxcelebratemeetdine“we held a corporate sales event at the desmond for 65 people. the guest rooms, meeting facilities, food and staff were top notch. we also did the culinary teambuilding offered by the desmond and highly recommend it. our entire team agreed that this was our best event ever!— mary pifer“cannot say enough about the wonderful experience we had at the desmond. we stayed for 3 nights for my daughter's wedding, which was completely handled by the desmond. the food was outstanding, the staff were extremely attentive and fit right into the joyous occasion!— amy black“we just had our wedding here this past weekend and i don’t even have the right words to describe how perfect everything was. it was truly a one-stop shop for everything. i couldn’t be happier with how my special day turned out.— devin lark“our company had an event and the hotel accommodations and staff were awesome. friendly and helpful. the meeting amenities were great. this was the first time in 3 years we've been able to meet in person and the desmond knocked it out of the park.— joseph davies“almost every year, my family and i have been coming up here for a thanksgiving day buffet. very delicious food, friendly staff, good service, etc. if you've never been to a buffet with all your traditional thanksgiving day fixings, please check this out.— john dettinger“the desmond was amazing to work with. from the large amount of wedding room blocks we needed, to the event management for our wedding rehearsal dinner, the desmond staff was always so accommodating, quick responding, and easy to work with.— amanda shaleen“this is my best hotel stay in a long time. the staff is really helpful and knowledgeable. i highly recommend this hotel. it's hard to find old school hospitality now days. the desmond nailed it!!— michael margolis“i was there for a women's retreat i live in the state of delaware it was about a 30 minute drive. the hotel is beautiful the staff and the services that was provided was top notch.— anita west“my "go to" hotel when i'm in malvern for work. the irish bar is top notch. not typical of what you find in a hotel bar. highly recommend if you're in the malvern area!— kevin donahuethe desmond malvern, a doubletree by hiltonone liberty blvd, malvern, pa 19355610-296-9800 or toll-free at 800-575-1776info@desmondgv.comsubscribe to the desmond's newsletter



 ©2024 the desmond malvern, a doubletree by hilton. all rights reserved.
 




