











sperling kenny nachwalter: litigation and antitrust attorneys | law firm




























sperling kenny nachwalter



























cookie settings
main content
main menu

search











menu


attorneysantitrustantitrustour antitrust & competition practicecase mape-discoverycontact usbusiness litigationbusiness litigationlitigation practicescase mape-discoverycontact usadraboutaboutwhy usnews & recognitionsocial commitmentcareerscontactcontactchicagomiaminashvilleaustinwashington, d.c.(satellite office)






chevron





leading the wayunrivaled advocacy.the official merger of sperling slater and kenny nachwalter offers our clients bold new possibilities for the future. we've got more experience, knowledge, judgment, and depth than ever. individually, we're powerhouses. together, we're unrivaled. 
antitrust & complex business litigationunrivaled authority.when it comes to antitrust and complex litigation, we're tried, tested, and trusted. with vast experience, our team continues to navigate and win the most challenging cases on behalf of our wide-ranging roster of clients.
experienceunrivaled impact.from our partnership models to our relentless curiosity, sperling kenny nachwalter brings bold thinking and unbridled energy to all we do. this is why we remain the preeminent choice when everything is on the line.








big wins all around



national impact



our chicago office has moved







an unrivaled unionafter decades of working side by side, sperling & slater and kenny nachwalter have combined to form a new firm with bold new possibilities for our clients.
sperling kenny nachwalter stands at the summit of litigation excellence. with an unprecedented legacy of success that spans decades, we are the preeminent choice to handle the most sophisticated antitrust and complex business litigation matters. through our combination, we have created a firm with deeper experience, knowledge, and judgment to serve our clients even better, and we look forward to introducing you to the new firm!
this is sperling kenny nachwalter. there is no law firm quite like us.find an attorney






jump to page





search










disclaimer
privacy policy
site map
© 2025 sperling kenny nachwalter
site by firmseek





chicago
miami
nashville
austin
washington, d.c.



linkedin









by using this site, you agree to our updated privacy policy and our terms of use. 

manage cookies
accept and close





necessary cookies
necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. you may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.


analytical cookies


on

off

analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage. we access and process information from these cookies at an aggregate level.

close







