



be a hero to your kids and grandkids – learn how to better help them be healthier and more successful































skip to content 



be a hero to your kids and grandkids

learn how to better help them be healthier and more successful
 




menu 
heroes questions
discover your secret inner hero
explanation of program
newspaper articles
 








do you have the courage to answer the heroes questions? 

watch this video that lists the heroes’journey questions from a woman’s perspective!

watch this video that lists the heroes’journey questions from a man’s perspective!
do you know why you are here, your unique mission in life, and your options for the future? when you answer even a few of the heroes’ journey questions, you will begin to understand your past, present and future options.
check out my kindle ebook: “in search of heroes story: why is understanding your unique heroes journey so important for your personal peace, happiness and success?” where i document with text, photos and videos 50 years of research on heroes, heroines and the heroes’ journey. https://www.amazon.com/dp/b06xv76sz9
ralph zuranski has researched heroes, heroism, and the 12 roles of the heroes’ journey for over 50 years. he discovered that heroism is easier to understand, when you analyze the different events and people in your life, considering the 12 roles: innocent, orphan, warrior, caregiver, seeker, lover, destroyer, creator, ruler, magician, sage and fool. it is much easier for you to deal with your triumphs, trials, tribulations, and transformations when you embrace and live your own unique heroes’ journey.
as a special features writer for the coronado eagle newspaper in san diego, he wrote articles about local heroes who were making a positive difference in the community. he created the “in search of heroes” program to encourage high school journalism students to ask questions about heroes, heroism and the heroes’ journey.
the goal was to inspire young people to research the concept of heroes, heroism, and their own heroes’ journey, so they could write their own story, to thank and honor the heroes and heroines in their lives. hopefully, their stories would inspire other students and the community.
during his research, ralph realized the best way to honor the heroes in your life is to write an exciting, emotionally engaging story about your heroes’ journey. the goal is to share how the heroes and heroines in your life impacted your journey.
it is important to thank and honor the people who made and continue to make a positive difference in your life. they helped and continue to assist you in triumphing over the situations and thought processes that block your emotional and spiritual growth. they help you to become the person you were created to be, so you can complete your unique mission here on earth.
by writing your heroes’ journey story about them and their impact on your life, you pass on to future generations the wisdom you have gained. by honoring them on your social media accounts, you give the recognition they deserve.
 








search for:





recent posts


do you have the courage to answer the heroes’ journey questions?


enjoy the in search of heroes training program inspirational quotes books one, two, and three


in search of heroes story: why is understanding your unique heroes journey so important to your success in tennis and other racket sports?


watch the interview of terri levine: author and creator of the heartrepreneur® coaching program


ralph zuranski completes 6 sets in the 100 pushups challenge to reactivate the holistic health guinea pig program


gregory alan williams heroes heroes solutions to usa social problems


heroes newspaper articles


free monthly newsletter


recommended books


ruben gonzalez favorite quotes


the men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed. lloyd jones


pay no attention to what the critics say; no statue has ever been erected to a critic. jean sibelius


it is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult. seneca


do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. ralph waldo emerson


a man’s dreams are an index to his greatness. zadok rabinwitz


categoriescategories
select category
actors
attorneys
brain training
charity
comic-con
copywriters
entertainers
entrepreneurs
family
grandparents
health
heroes journey
in search of heroes story ebooks
inspirational
inspirational quotes
marketing training
military
sign up forms
single parents
social
software training
sports
teachers
think and grow rich
wealth training
young heroes


 








 

 

 






legal documentshome
legal documents
recommended books
health resources
testimonials
 

© 2024 be a hero to your kids and grandkids • built with generatepress 



 





