



lunar pages review























 reviews

acehost review
          
an hosting review 
 aplus.net review
apollo review
bluehost review
bluefish review
dotster review 
1and1 review
dreamhost review  
easycgi review  
gate hosting 
globat review
 godaddy review
            
hostgator review
 hostican review
            
 hostrocket review 
hostmonster review
hostmysite review 
inmotion hosting
ipower review
ipowerweb review
jumpline review        
ixwebhosting review
lunarpages review 
micfo review
midphase review
netfirms review 
omnis hosting 
powweb review 
simplehost review
site5 review
startlogic review
surpass review 
thinkhost review 
 vendio review
web.com review
webhostingmetro review 
 webhostingpad
                          review
yahoo review        
 





lunarpages review 


special exclusive coupon : use coupon code whj50 to get $50 off  
read more reviews of lunarpages at:            web hosting jungle - lunarpages review


plan name
os
disk space
bandwidth
e-mail accounts
price


basic
unix
unlimited
unlimited
unlimited
$4.95 p/m


business
unix
unlimited
unlimited
unlimited
$21.95 p/m


editors comments

" lunarpages is a web hosting company who are renowned for their superior customer support. we believe lunarpages is especially suited someone new to running a website as you will find their support crew extremely helpful. lunarpages also offers advanced features for experienced webmasters. we have 3 sites hosted on lunarpages and we are not experiencing and major problems with any of them. initially we had a problem with dns resolution but this was quickly dealth with by the support team within 4 hours of us sending them a support request e-mail. to read customer reviews of lunarpages visit web hosting jury ."
special coupon code: 
        "twomonths" to get 2 months free  
      lunarpages currently has a special coupon available for us . when ordering a basic package  simply use the coupon code 
      "twomonths" to get 2 months free  and lunarpages will give you their basic hosting plan for just $4.95/month ( must sign for 60 months)  this is excellent value for money. lunarpages's plan was excellent before without the coupon, but now with the coupon lunarpages is a host you can't go past. remember to use the coupon code on the ordering page. 
 our verdict on lunarpages web hosting
lunarpages has been around for 10 years and in this time has proved themselves to be a web hosting company who pride themselves on customer satisfaction. although lunarpages pricing is on par with most leading web hosting company's their customer support far outdoes any other web host. for most people the lunarpages standard plan would fulfill their needs and we believe that this plan provides excellent value for money. however if you are planning to setup an extremely resource intensive website then we would recommend the premium plan. in conclusion we highly recommend lunarpages web hosting. visit http://www.lunarpages.com or keep reading our full lunarpages review below.
lunarpages customer support services
  lunarpages customer support is undoubtedly the best in the industry. they have many methods in which you can contact the support department. all you need to do to find out about their customer support is just ring them (toll-free in us & canada) and see their superior support for yourself.

      email support : lunarpages has a very responsive email support, you can reach their customer support at support@lunarpages.com.
lunarforums.com - customer & non-customer can join lunarforums for guides and faq. you can find informative review and answers there.
phone support - call 1-877-lunarpages (toll free in us & canada) if you need phone support. if you are outside us or canada call 714-521-8150. their phone support is known to be one of the best in the industry.
control panel
      lunarpages currently utilizes the latest version of the cpanel 5 control panel. cpanel 5 is pretty much a standard in web hosts. the features are pretty much the same to other cpanel, such as mailbox modification, password changes, ftp login modifications, statistical information, and so on. cpanel 5 is easy to use and you won't have any trouble with web based adminstration.
above is our full lunarpages review
lunarpages site screenshot (http://www.lunarpages.com)
not available


if you have had an experience with lunarpages please let us know at experiences@webhostingscout.com 
links
  - lunarpages review

hosting related articles 
- disk space
  - terms of service (tos) explained 
  - finding the best deal on web hosting 
  - resources to help find hosting 
  - windows or linux hosting 






we suggest that you verify all questions you have about lunarpages directly with them before you signup for their hosting services. we have attempted to provide accurate information however we suggest that you verify this information directly with lunarpages before signing up with lunarpages web hosting. you can visit their website at http://www.lunarpages.com


 


