



billyland.com - find cheap land for sale across america





















are you looking for
cheap land for sale
as low as $1247/acre?


 


or are you looking for a
cheap monthly payment
as low as $104/month?



be the first to know about new land for sale!





selling land in america for almost 40 years.
we have land for sale in 35 counties throughout: alaska, arizona, arkansas, california, colorado, florida, hawaii, kentucky, minnesota, missouri, new mexico, north carolina, oregon, south carolina, tennessee, texas, virginia















118 auctions



					 current lowest bid: $290.00 | current highest bid: $4,625.00  
 registered bidders: 59,410 | most recent bid: 7 minutes ago  
 next auction: colorado land 5 acres foothill land scattered pinons  
 ends in 23 minutes and 56 seconds







all of our land is sold with a 365-day exchange policy...
...take up to one year to decide if the land is right for you.
none of our land has unpaid back-taxes...
...you will never have to pay for a prior owner's unpaid back-taxes or fees.
all of our land is free of liens or other encumbrances...
...you will receive a title which is guaranteed to be 'free and clear'.
all of our land can be accessed legally by county or private road.
none of our land is 'land-locked' by surrounding parcels of land...
...you will never have to cross over another person's land to get to your land.
all of our land includes the option to be financed, with no credit check required.
we have high-definition land videos available for many of our properties.
billyland.com went on-line in october of 1997, 27 years and 4 months ago!















billyland.com
  >  homepage











we're adding new land auctions every day!
sign-up now to bid on any of our land auctions!
		with owner financing, no credit check and no
		qualifying, everyone can own and invest in land!







    		welcome to billyland!
  			×





			- watch this short video -
    		it's easy to buy land... at billyland!
		








  we currently have 118 parcels of owner financed land for sale in 35 counties across 17 states. our inventory consists of some of the cheapest residential quality land for sale in america. though most of our land is located in colorado and oregon, we have dozens of properties available across the nation, from alaska in the north to florida in the south.





  how are we able to offer quality rural land at these low prices? it's our network of resources that enables us to acquire and develop large tracts of land at a reduced cost. we then pass these cost savings along to our customers. we also obtain individual parcels of land from original owners who have chosen to offer their land for sale. our cash purchasing power gives us an advantage, and enables us to acquire the land at a reduced cost. we then offer this land for sale to our customers at a huge savings.

  over the years, investments in land have proven to be more stable and reliable than investments in the fluctuating housing market. do you want to invest in land but think you can't afford to? at billyland we allow you to invest with low down-payments and monthly installments that are often times cheaper than the monthly cost of a daily cup of fancy coffee. this creates tremendous 'real estate leverage' for the investor. additionally, owner financing is available and there are no credit checks or references needed to buy land from billyland. our purchase agreements are simple, straightforward, and easy to read. billyland really can make it easy and affordable for you to own and invest in land.










118 parcels are up for auction at the moment.next up on the auction block is... 

colorado land 5 acres foothill land scattered pinonsends in: 23 minutes 56 secondscurrent bid: $699.00








california land 0.32 acres, lake community, mt view

ends in: 25 minutes 56 seconds
current bid: $495.00









coastal alaska land 2.37 acres - ocean front

ends in: 27 minutes 56 seconds
current bid: $1675.00









northern california 0.34 acres - lake close w/ views

ends in: 29 minutes 56 seconds
current bid: $400.00









alaska land 1 acre - gateway estates - anchor point, ak

ends in: 33 minutes 56 seconds
current bid: $640.00









colorado land for sale 5.29 acres mt. blanca views

ends in: 51 minutes 1 second
current bid: $1285.00








watch 3-d videosof land for sale
the next best thing towalking the land yourself!









 new user? sign-up to bid on land for sale!   |   sign-in to view your account or make a payment!   |   questions? comments? need help? contact us! 
copyright © 1997-2025 billyland.com  |  privacy  |  terms  |  remember, you can always speak to billy by calling (949) 933-0721
en espaã±ol






