


















home page | inside mortgage finance



























































sign increate accountsign outmy accountcartinside mortgage financembs & absthe gsesthe cfpbmortgage trendsfha/va lendingnonconforming marketsdatasubscribe to data
latest news

as gov't cutbacks mount, lenders brace for falloutfebruary 16, 2025at least 50 jobs have been slashed at ginnie.


delinquency rates rise in 4qfebruary 14, 2025rates were up across all default categories in the fourth quarter of 2024.


csbs teases nmls phase two updatesfebruary 14, 2025the next round of improvements will ease the application process for mortgage loan originators.


redwood reports losses for 4q, remains bullish for 2025february 14, 2025the reit expects that its bank relationships and innovative loan products will boost earnings in 2025.

more latest news

latest data

top firms in owned mortgage servicing: 4q24 (pdf)


top primary mortgage servicers: 4q24 (pdf)


top mortgage originators: 12m24 (pdf)


expanded-credit rmbs issuers: 1q23-4q24 (pdf)


top players in msr coissuance: 12m24 (pdf)


top residential subservicers: 3q24 (pdf)

more latest data

latest reports

lender profiles 3q24: top 25 (pdf)


guide to offshoring


agency seller-issuer profile: 4q24 (pdf)


mortgage profitability report 3q24 (pdf)


top mortgage players: 3q24 (pdf)


agency channel analysis: 4q24 (pdf)


gse repurchase activity: cumulative to second quarter 2024 (pdf format)


mortgage servicing rights report: 3q24 (pdf)

more latest reports

featured data

salesgse sales decline in only a handful of states in 2024mortgage loan deliveries to fannie mae and freddie mac were up 6.9% in 2024, driven mainly by higher volumes from new england and upper midwest states. (includes data table.)


channelsretail channel gains agency share as refis strengthenthe retail channel gained market share in agency deliveries as refinance deliveries increased sharply during the fourth quarter of 2024. underwriting standards tightened and loan sizes rose. (includes two data tables.)


agency mbsjanuary surprise in agency mbs: wee boost in issuancealthough interest rates were higher on loans backing agency mbs in january, there was a small, if uneven, increase in issuance from the previous month. (includes two data tables.)
 



servicingnonbank servicing portfolios grow again in fourth quarterfour companies among the top 10 primary servicers upped their portfolios by double digits on a percentage basis in 2024 — all nonbanks. (includes three data tables.)
 



expanded creditloans for self-employed boost ecm mbs issuancebank statement and alternative-documentation mortgages helped increase expanded-credit mbs issuance in the fourth quarter of 2024. (includes three data tables.)


securitizationcore product share of gse business level in 4qit was largely business as usual for fannie mae and freddie mac in the fourth quarter. but going forward, the trump administration could make moves to reduce the two gses’ activity. (includes data table.)



inside mortgage finance

refis a bright spot in 2024, first-timer homebuyers plow aheadrefinance lending ended 2024 on a high note as interest rates on mortgages declined in the second half of the year. the purchase-mortgage market saw little growth, most of it driven by first-time homebuyer activity.


gse footprint expected to shrink under trumpfhfa may push fannie mae and freddie mac to increase llpas on mission-adjacent loans to drive more loan sales to the private market.
 



mortgage performance weakens in fourth quarter


mckernan picked for cfpb; staffers protest shutdown

more inside mortgage finance




inside mbs & abs

non-agency pushes cmbs issuance higher in 2024february 13, 2025although overall non-agency cmbs issuance fell slightly in the fourth quarter, volume was up in deals backed by retail and lodging properties. agency multifamily activity quickened in the second half of 2024 but still came up a little short of the previous year. (includes two data tables.)


gse mbs involuntary loan purchases higher in 2024february 13, 2025most “involuntary loan purchases” by servicers of fannie/freddie single-family mbs are related to loss mitigation and loan delinquency rather than loan defects. (includes data table.)


bofa snatches up mf loans as well as jumbosfebruary 13, 2025bargains are to be had in the multifamily loan sector as long as you can find a willing seller that’s trying to clean up its books. one such sale involved homestreet bank in the pacific northwest.


analysts doubtful about gse reformfebruary 13, 2025treasury secretary bessent’s cautious remarks about the prospect for gse reform heighten industry skepticism about the release of fannie mae and freddie mac from conservatorship.

more inside mbs & abs
pollas homeowner equity continues to build, more and more lenders are launching home equity lending products. are you thinking of joining this market?yes, it’s a great opportunity.no, it’s out of our wheelhouse.we’re already in on the action!view results
inside nonconforming markets

handful of lenders fueling prime non-agency mbsfebruary 7, 2025a small group of lenders accounted for the majority of prime non-agency mbs issued in 2024. jpmorgan chase was the leader in the market as both an issuer and lender. (includes three data tables.)


updated md guidance leads to uncertainty for non-agencyfebruary 7, 2025updated guidance has exempted the gses from state mortgage licensing requirements but non-agency market participants still need to comply with the rule by april.


maxex bullish on non-agency originationsfebruary 7, 2025maxex expects increased investor demand and high interest rates to help drive non-agency loan originations in 2025.


record year for onslow bay’s non-agency activityfebruary 7, 2025onslow bay’s non-agency correspondent aggregation and sales originations lifted annaly’s earnings in the fourth quarter.

more inside nonconforming markets

videos

mortgage servicing, by the numbers


quick look at freedom mortgage 1q24


qm patch



inside mortgage trends

refinance mi volume spikes in agency business in 4qfebruary 14, 2025private mortgage insurance companies lost nearly $6 billion of business on the purchase-mortgage side in the fourth quarter, but gained back almost all of it on the refinance side. (includes two data tables.)


mortgage-banking income steady for banks in 4q24february 14, 2025hedging shifting values of mortgage servicing rights continued to be a major factor in bank mortgage-banking activity as production income remained strong despite a sag in volume. (includes data table.)


retained servicing strong income source for lendersfebruary 14, 2025retaining servicing rights on production can provide originators a profit opportunity, if they are able to manage the business effectively.


fannie outlines the trends in loan defects in 2024february 14, 2025homebuyers appear to have become a little less honest in their loan applications. lender beware!

more inside mortgage trends

inside fha/va lending

ginnie issuance drops for second month in a rowthe refi boomlet lost steam after peaking in november. pennymac overtook freedom mortgage at the top of the issuer ranking in january. (includes two data tables.)


new hud secretary has his eyes set on affordabilitythe senate voted 55-44 to confirm scott turner as housing secretary, paving the way for the trump administration to install new leadership at fha and ginnie mae.


new admin looks to refocus agencies’ agendathe trump administration is expected to put an early focus on reducing regulation and improving efficiency at federal housing agencies.


confusion following trump’s attempted funding pausethe pause was ultimately rescinded following court injunctions. in the meantime, participants in government-insured mortgage programs faced uncertainty.

more inside fha/va lending

premium newsletter content

inside mortgage trendsrefinance mi volume spikes in agency business in 4qprivate mortgage insurance companies lost nearly $6 billion of business on the purchase-mortgage side in the fourth quarter, but gained back almost all of it on the refinance side. (includes two data tables.)


inside mortgage financerefis a bright spot in 2024, first-timer homebuyers plow aheadrefinance lending ended 2024 on a high note as interest rates on mortgages declined in the second half of the year. the purchase-mortgage market saw little growth, most of it driven by first-time homebuyer activity.


inside nonconforming marketshandful of lenders fueling prime non-agency mbsa small group of lenders accounted for the majority of prime non-agency mbs issued in 2024. jpmorgan chase was the leader in the market as both an issuer and lender. (includes three data tables.)
 



inside mbs & absnon-agency pushes cmbs issuance higher in 2024although overall non-agency cmbs issuance fell slightly in the fourth quarter, volume was up in deals backed by retail and lodging properties. agency multifamily activity quickened in the second half of 2024 but still came up a little short of the previous year. (includes two data tables.)


inside the cfpbconsumer complaints filed with cfpb double in 2024the bulk of the complaints submitted to the cfpb last year involved inaccurate information on credit reports. transunion, equifax and experian, as usual, were the most-complained about companies. (includes two data tables.)


inside the gsesfreddie continues to take fannie’s market shareall but one of the top 10 gse sellers delivered a higher proportion of mortgages to freddie mac than fannie mae in january. (includes two data tables.)


inside fha/va lendingginnie issuance drops for second month in a rowthe refi boomlet lost steam after peaking in november. pennymac overtook freedom mortgage at the top of the issuer ranking in january. (includes two data tables.)



inside the gses

freddie continues to take fannie’s market shareall but one of the top 10 gse sellers delivered a higher proportion of mortgages to freddie mac than fannie mae in january. (includes two data tables.)


gses: stable profits in tough timesthe sign of a good business model is one that makes profits in good times and bad. fannie and freddie have shown strong profits throughout the post-pandemic downturn. (includes data table.)
 



experts urge caution on gse reform


fair isaac says gse reform will have no impact on fico 


gses yield to trump’s anti-dei directive

more inside the gses



aboutabout inside mortgage financecontact usadvertisingprivacy policy/termsarticle reprints/web postingscopyright faqcustomer centersubscriberequest a sampleaccount inquirieschange of addresschange of delivery methoddata licensingpassword remindergroup subscriptionsrefundsrenew your subscriptione-mail newslettersmortgage dataoriginationservicing and portfoliosmortgage insurancesecuritizationagency mbs activitynon-agency mbs activitymbs investor activityabs activitycommercial mbs activityfunding activityearnings and financialsregulatory datamortgage rates and termssubscribe to datalender profileshmda dashboardcontacts directorycustom datadata licensingreportsdata reportsindustry studiesregulatory reportsstatistical annualfree reports© copyright 2025 inside mortgage finance publicationsdesign, cms, hosting & web development :: epublishing



