

















aclu tennessee























skip to main content










    learn more  

    join us in defending democracy  

join the action alert e-mail list to stay informed about current issues and campaigns, upcoming events, and how you can get more involved in the fight to protect and expand civil liberties.


join us 










 
aclu tennessee 







about

about us

contact us

staff & board

work, intern, volunteer

annual reports



issues

criminal legal reform

democracy & voting

free speech & censorship

lgbtq+ equality

reproductive justice



our work

legislative advocacy

legal

campaigns

advocacy tools



news

press releases

newsletters

aclu-tn in the news



get help

know your rights

request legal assistance



take action

events



donate

donate

tribute gifts

become a member







donate

donate

tribute gifts

become a member


































defending our rights to equality, liberty, and justice

get our updates
email address *



zip code *






leave this field blank 


 







learn more



volunteer









news 





 

    lgbtq+ equality  

trump's executive orders promoting sex discrimination, explained 

    a new executive order lays out a plan to erase transgender people’s existence under the law  





 

    free speech & censorship  

banning tiktok is unconstitutional. the supreme court must step in. 

    our first amendment right to express ourselves must be protected.  





 

    lgbtq+ equality  

meet the tennessee family behind the us supreme court's major transgender health care case 

    l williams watched tennessee republicans last year ban treatments for transgender youth. now, she'll watch the issue go before the u.s. supreme court in a case that could have far-reaching impacts.  







latest press releases 





february 7, 2025 

families respond to united states’ position change in u.s. v. skrmetti 

the department of justice notified the supreme court that the united states has changed its position in u.s. v. skrmetti.






january 30, 2025 

aclu-tn preparing challenge to anti-immigrant legislation 

the aclu of tennessee is preparing to challenge legislation criminalizing local officials who vote in support of alleged "sanctuary policies."






december 6, 2024 

kathy sinback departs as executive director of aclu-tn; interim e.d. named 

the american civil liberties union of tennessee (aclu-tn) announces kathy sinback’s departure from the role of executive director.
















aclu-tn headed to the supreme courtsamantha and brian williams of nashville, tn and their 16-year-old transgender daughter, two other plaintiff families filing anonymously, and memphis-based medical doctor dr. susan lacy are challenging a tennessee law banning gender-affirming care for transgender people under 18.l.w. v. skrmetti | u.s. v. skrmettisamantha and brian williams of nashville and their 15-year-old daughter, as well as two other anonymous families and dr. susan n. lacy are challenging a tennessee law banning gender-affirming care for transgender people under 18.
l.w. v. skrmetti | u.s. v. skrmettiall court cases







act






join our volunteer team


 

join us 

 




donate


 

donate 

 




email alert


 

sign up 

 





 








search aclu-tn.org 








press releases
get help
careers
donate







aclu on facebook
aclu on x
aclu on youtube
aclu-tn on instagram






© 2025 aclu of tennessee





user agreement
privacy statement
website accessibility




















