





fellowship church


































































skip to content



fellowship church



home
online messages

morning messages
former evening messages


pictorial directory
find out more

about us
our pastor
what we believe


ministries

christian beliefs class
community worship service
fellowship food outreach
junior church
kidz club
ladies’ bible study
missionary prayer hour
men’s bible study
prayer meeting
sunday school
youth group


 







 latest online message videos
watch the latest sermon videos from our worship services
read more




 about us
find out more about who we are.
read more




 ministries
explore the many ways we are here for our community.
read more










welcome!
in case you’re wondering, yes, we’re having all sunday services as normally scheduled, today, 2/16. if you’re able, let’s gather together as the body of christ to worship our king and edify one another!  see you soon!
we are a non-denominational and loving group of people who know we are not perfect, and owe everything in our lives to jesus.  we believe that jesus is our only source of forgiveness, joy, hope, and peace in this life.  we invite you to check us out and become a part of our family here in phillipsburg, nj!  to find out more about us, please explore our website, and contact us if you have any questions.  we’d love to meet you soon! 

join us on wednesdays at 7 pm for a time of snacks, games, and bible lessons!
food pantry: our food pantry is open for curbside pick-up on the second friday and third saturday of each month from 10 am – 12 pm.
online giving: if you would like to give your tithe or offering, or donate, to fellowship church online through our secure partner service tithe.ly, please click the button below:
give



subscribe to our podcast
find, listen, and subscribe to the free podcast of our morning messages in the itunes store or in the google podcasts! 


find us
fellowship church300 cromwell st. phillipsburg, nj 08865 fellowship church ministry center1724 belvidere rd. phillipsburg, nj 08865 







contact us fellowship church
300 cromwell st.
phillipsburg, nj 08865
office phone: (908) 859-0134
office fax: (908) 213-0619
email: office@fellowshipch.org
office hours: tuesdays & wednesdays 8 am - 4 pm; thursdays 8 am - 12 pm
rev. justin l. hunter
pastor
check us out on facebook!
join us! sundays:
8:45 am - sunday school
10 am - morning worship
10:20 am - junior church
mondays:
6:30 pm - men's bible study (@fcmc)
wednesdays:
7 pm - kidz club 
7 pm - youth group 
7:15 pm - prayer meeting
7 pm - christian beliefs class (every 1st & 3rd wed.)
thursdays:
6:30 pm - 8:30 pm - ladies' bible study (@fcmc)


 



 




copyright © 2025 fellowship church. all rights reserved. theme: radiate by themegrill. powered by wordpress. 























