




zeno's warbird videos - world war ii pilot training videos & air combat documentaries playing for free over the internet












special "masters of the air" film collection!!
-
--
nine videos - free admission













now playing
the real "masters of the air" 
351st bg "combat america" with clark gable
8th air force "target for today"
u.s. fighter supremacy over germany
the memphis belle
making of a ww2 bomber gunner
hitting a moving target for ww2 bomber gunners
planning a ww2 8th air force bombing mission
operation clarion bombing campaign report
b-17 "knockout dropper" 



















--
-
zeno's warbird video
drive-in
free admission
classic world war ii aircraft 
& jet pilot training films 
and documentaries
celebrating 25 years 
as an internet landmark!





-
this web site is dedicated to the men and women who designed, developed, built, maintained and flew these amazing aircraft














=
zeno's flight shop video store
world war ii aviation & beyond dvds
your purchases help zeno's drive-in keep flying!
-
our dvds make memorable gifts-
we've released over 200 of our ww2 aircraft,korean â war, vietnam & vintage jet documentary films on affordable full screen home dvds with pilot's manuals for most featured aircraft. 
buy three dvds -- get another one free-excellent exchange rates 
lowest prices ever for international orders! 
we ship to more than 50 countries
translate this page
all our dvds are guaranteed-















world war ii fighter videos now showing!
"the mustang" 

flight characteristics of the north american p-51 "mustang" (1944, b&w) 
this is the fighter that turned the tide over europe. lee j. cobb gets a supporting oscar. 


 "the ensign eliminator" "ba ba black sheep" 

the vought f4u "corsair" (1944,b&w) 
known to japanese pilots as "whistling death" for good reason and loved by "the corps," it took the brits to figure out how to fly her successfully from carriers and the usn's vf17 "the jolly rogers" to pave the way for us carrier ops. featured on the popular tv series "black sheep squadron" with pappy boyington's vmf 214.


 "the forked tail devil" - 

flight characteristics of the lockheed p-38 lightning (1943, color) digitally restored! lockheed's top wwii test pilots do the check out. this is the versatile plane flown by top army ace dick bong and in the pin point raid that downed admiral yamamoto.


"the jug" - 

how to fly the republic p-47 "thunderbolt (1943, b&w)
p-47 ground handling, takeoff, normal flight and landing 
watch the big jug rock & roll plus turbo-supercharger operation. the thunderbolt was the first ride in europe for 56th fg fighter aces "gabby" gabreski, dave schlling and "hub" zemke. the p-47 evolved into the #1 fighter/bomber in the eto.


 "the hellcat" - 

flight characteristics of the grumman f6f "hellcat" (1944, b&w)
rugged, fast, powerful, and produced in great numbers at "the ironworks," this sweet handling navy fighter aircraft overwhelmed the japanese zero.


 "the black widow"

flying the p-61 series airplane: the northrop "black widow" night fighter (1944, b&w)
the air corp's first stealth fighter? big black and heavily armed with radar and canon, this was their first purpose built night fighter.


"the iron dawg" 

introduction to the bell p-39 airacobra (1943, b&w)
the russians favorite lend lease import -- a great tank buster on the eastern front with a big 37mm canon in the nose.


"the flying tiger" -

how to fly the curtis p-40 "war hawk" (1943, b&w)this was the shark mouthed fighter that claire chenault's "flying tigers" of the avg used to great effect against the japanese over china and burma. 
-




offensive fighter tactics for worldâ war 2 airmen produced and narrated by legendary navy ace jimmy "the thach weave" thach, this detailed fighter pilot training film is a "must watch" for all world war 2 fighter fans & virtual combat pilots.

-
jets!
 "the hustler" - 

the convair b-58: champion of champions (1962,color) at mach2+, the "hustler" was the world's first supersonic bomber. she immediately set an unprecedented (and since unequaled) series of 14 speed and altitude records. jimmy stewart takes you on the tour -- and flys this magnificent aircraft!


 "the sabre jet"

flight capabilities of the north american fj-2 airplane (1953, color)
the fj-2 was the variant of the usaf f-86 sabre supplied to the us navy to meet a crying need for a swept wing, high performance fighter during the korean war. (in most respects the two planes are identical.)â see this agile aircraft put through her paces over the patuxent proving ground in this vintage pilot training film. 


 "the stratojet" new!

flying the boeing b-47 this comprehensive training film was produced by the us air force to familiarize pilots and aircrew transitioning from prop driven aircraft like the b-29 to the new world of the b-47, the usaf's first jet bomber. 
b-47 combat maneuvers new! see the big b-47 do an immelman & more


world war ii trainer videos now showing
"the yellow peril"

primary flight training (1944-45, b&w) featuring the stearman n2s "kaydet" primary trainer. this sweet handling biplane was the first step up into the sky for tens of thousands of pilots during world war ii, and many are still flown by it's legion of loyal fans. starring and directed by hollywood legend, actor robert taylor.


the north american at-6/snj "texan"

"snj advanced flight training" (1953, b&w)
probably the most produced "advanced trainer" in history, used by both the us air corps (at-6) and the navy (snj) and by many other nations. renowned for her nimble, forgiving handling, it's only natural that this was the aircraft chosen when a double was needed for the japanese zero in numerous war movies and tv shows, including "ba ba black sheep" and "tore tora tora!"











visit zeno's flight shop dvdâ store-
-
world war 2, korea & vietnam 
on the ground, at sea & in the air!
--
save up to 60% on individual dvds
orders for $50 or more save an extra 20%







-











\
our videos make memorable gifts. fans love our affordable, professionally produced, high quality, full screen home dvds. most include complete pilot's manuals and start at only $14.95.- all our dvds & cds are in stock, ship within one business day and are guaranteed.
-

















-

--
every purchase you make at the flight shop helps 
zeno's warbird video drive-in stay online & growing
--
volume purchase discounts 
are available for veteran's groups, clubs, organizations, 
schools & qualifying retailers




-
-
-








































zeno's warbird video drive-in â© july 1997-2022or xunder penalty of law, all digitally encoded media contained in this web site, zeno's warbird video drive-in, including but not limited to, streaming video files and static digital photographic images, are for the individual, noncommercial use and enjoyment of our web viewers. this media may not be resold or redistributed in any form nor reposted on other web servers or web sites without written permission from the copyright holder, zeno's warbird videos the content on this website is protected by digital watermark copyright identification technology.




















world war ii bomber videos now showing!
 the "flying fortress' - - 
boeing b-17 "flying fortress" flight operations 
featured in films like "twelve o'clock high," the rugged "fort" was renowned for her ability to bring her crews home, even after sustaining massive battle damage.
 - 
how to fly the consolidated b-24d "liberator" land bomber (1943,color)
the most produced heavy bomber in world war ii, this is the aircraft that was flown with such precision in the daring low level raid on the romanian oil fields at ploesti.
 
how to fly the north american b-25 "mitchell" (1943, b&w)
is that tom clancy at the controls? the versatile "medium" mitchell was flown off the deck of the carrier hornet in the epic doolittle raid on tokyo, and one version mounted a massive 75mm canon for ground attack.
 
how to fly the martin b-26 "marauder"(1944, b&w)
this video is highly recommended, combining hollywood drama with great attention to detail. that's "peter gunn" in the right seat. the marauder was fast, unforgiving of rookie mistakes, rugged and heavily armed.
 the "superfort" - 
boeing b-29 "super fortress" flight procedures
and combat crew functioning (1944, b&w) the ultimate in piston engine era high tech. faster than a zero, with remote controlled gun turrets, this is the plane that made the very long range raids on japan possible.
the douglas a-20 "havoc" 
flying the a-20 bomber (1943, b&w)
flown as "the boston" by the brits on tree top level 'ramrod' raids over the continent and as the "havoc" by the us army air corps skimming the jungles of se asia, this magnificent attack bomber is one of the most under appreciated aircraft of world war ii.
 the douglas a-26 "invader" - 
a-26 flying tips (1945--b&w)
wwii, korea, indochina, the bay of pigs, laos, vietnam, the congo, south america, fire fighting in the pacific north west -- this fantastic aircraft has seen it all. the most advanced attack plane of the war.
bush one's ride. 
the grumman tbf/tbm "avenger" torpedo bomber
flying the tbf (1943 -b&w) the rugged avenger packed a powerful punch and was a key player in many battles in the pacific. 
 
the brewster "buccaneer" sb2a scout-bomber
was it really "the worst aircraft of world war ii?" see the video and judge for yourself




do you need our historic footage for a documentary or special project?
unlike other historic film publishers, we have digitally restored many of our videos and have supplied clips for programs shown on the history, discovery and a&e channels, pbs, the bbc and other network world wide & to air museums for video displays.
contact zeno




the warbird photo gallery
take the photo tours!
-

"fifi" slide show
boeing b-29 superfortress
--

see zeno's pics of a-26b invader
"lady liberty" updated!
--
-
photos of b-25j "pacific prowler"
-
zeno visits the beautiful b-17 
"sentimental journey" updated!

click here




in memoriam

b-17 "nine o nine"
zeno visits these collings foundation bombers.












see performance charts, cockpit photos, and systems diagrams reproduced from original pilot instruction & aircraft maintenance manuals.--
complete pilot's manuals 
free downloads
--

flying the me-262
--

il-2 sturmovik pilot's handbook new 
--

de havilland mosquito fb vi 
pilot's manual-
-
=
supermarine spitfire ii 
pilot's manual 
spit ix manual 











more neat stuff
more neat f-86 sabre stuff new
more neat tbf/tbm avenger stuff
more neat a-20 havoc stufff
more neat a-26 invader stuff
more neat f4u stuff
more neat f6fstuff
more neat p-38 stuff
more neat p-39 stuff 
more neat p-40 stuff 
more neat p-47 stuff 
more neat p-51 stuff 
more neat p-61 stuff 
more neat b-17 stuff
more neat b-24 stuff
more neat b-25 stuff 
more neat b-26 stuff
more neat b-29 stuff\










-













