











home








































 

skip to main content

















about
nyswda boardstaffhistorymission statementa note from our executive directormembership
join now!membership categoriesbenefitswap members industry partnersaffiliate memberstraining
training centertraining stafftraining calendartraining catalogtraining center gallerytraining documentstestimonialsprocurement
procurement infovendor resourcesbid resultssds/specification sheets/literature/warrantyaea equipment  & lighting bidsresources
newstechnical infojob openingslibrarylinksequipment for sale

























 

 














join now










nyswda membership is an investment in your business that you can begin today.






                read more...            








upcoming training










 
air sealing techniques - online@online - 2/12
one day lead safe weatherization - online@online - 2/13
bpi hep quality control inspector@syracuse - 2/12 - 2/13
basic electricity for weatherization professionals@syracuse - 2/18 - class full
weatherization assistant software (western)@syracuse - 2/18 - 2/20 - class full
heating & venting fundamentals@syracuse - 2/19
clean & tune for heating systems@syracuse - 2/20
boot camp for weatherization installers@syracuse - 2/24 - 2/27 - class full
weatherization assistant software (eastern)@syracuse - 3/4 - 3/6 - class full
epa rrp lead renovator (initial)@syracuse - 3/3
epa rrp lead renovator (initial)@syracuse - 3/4
epa rrp lead renovator (refresher)@syracuse - 3/6 - am session
boot camp for weatherization installers@syracuse - 3/10 - 3/13
bpi building analyst technician (ba-t)@syracuse - 3/17- 3/20 - call list only 
weatherization assistant software (eastern)@syracuse - 3/18 - 3/20 - class full
bpi building analyst technician (ba-t)@syracuse - 3/24- 3/27 - call list only 
weatherization assistant software (western)@syracuse - 4/8 - 4/10 - class full
weatherization assistant software (western)@syracuse - 4/15 - 4/17 












contact us










nyswda training center
5869 fisher roade. syracuse, ny 13057(315) 701-0440(315) 320-0900 fax
click here for directions to the syracuse training center
click here to contact us 



















 
nyswda is grateful to our industry partners: 

    











































nyswda, a 501c3 nonprofit association, is the leading provider of building science training in new york state and new england, and the winner of the 2016 irec 3i national award as the accredited clean energy training provider of the year.
established in 1985, and later designated as one of only 15 u.s. department of energy legacy weatherization training centers, we have been successfully training thousands of field staff from weatherization agencies, home performance contractors, energy auditing firms and energy star home builders.  our trainers - with over 75 combined years of practical, hands-on home performance experience - provide affordable, high quality training at our state-of-the-art energy efficiency training center in syracuse, ny, as well as at other regional sites and in the field.
nyswda has been a building performance institute (bpi) training partner affiliate, and approved bpi testing center, since bpi’s inception – and every course we offer is eligible for bpi continuing education units. we are also accredited by the interstate renewable energy council (irec) for several weatherization-required certifications, and approved by osha and epa for health and safety training.
every weatherization assistance program (wap) agency in new york state is a member of nyswda. our affiliate members - who receive significant discounts on our training fees, as well as proprietary field resources and assistance with on-site project issues - include private home performance contractors and wap agencies from new hampshire, vermont, massachusetts, maine and rhode island. we are also strongly supported by, and grateful to, our industry partners, who include some of the most innovative and influential manufacturing and distribution companies in the building sciences industry.

nyswda is hiringhvac / energy efficiency trainer
the new york state weatherization directors association (nyswda) is seeking a dynamic and knowledgeable full-time hvac tradesperson - with extensive residential heating and air conditioning experience - to lead hvac/energy efficiency- related trainings in a lab/classroom setting at its energy efficiency training center in east syracuse, ny.  this is an excellent opportunity for you to take the next step in your professional career, while also positively affecting the hvac industry in new york state.what you can expect:

regular work hours m-f, no nights, weekends, or on-call
vehicle and equipment provided for occasional regional training
salary is based on experience
benefits include accrued sick and vacation / 12 paid holidays / health insurance / cafeteria benefit plan
a great team-oriented work environment

benefits include:

health insurance
accrued sick and vacation
13 paid holidays
cafeteria benefit plan

qualifications:

candidates must possess a broad and varied background in residential hvac, epa 608 license and basic hvac hand tools
must have a valid drivers license
experience in building science and/or bpi certifications a plus
training experience also a plus, but not required
nyswda will provide the necessary support

nyswda is an award-winning, nonprofit membership organization, and well respected for the adult learning it provides to professionals in the home performance and hvac fields.  we are looking to hire motivated individuals who enjoy working on a team in a fast-paced training facility while making a difference in the communities across new york state and beyond.  interested parties may forward their resume to the attention of joe maggiore - this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.

please check our "job openings" page regularly for updates and opportunities.
  
 
 


member/board login




username





password




remember me 



log in





 

need help with your password? this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.




 


quick links
 
nyswda energy factor calculator
nascsp/waptac
training calendar
member list
 

































nyswda
facebook
 5869 fisher road, east syracuse, ny 13057

ph.(315) 701-0440 f.(315) 320-0900





copyright ©2025 adg. all rights reserved | web design & development by adg creative, a division of adg.adg is a certified women owned business.








