






ballston area recreation commission | barc










































programs

arts program
basketball
enrichment
flag football
floor hockey
soccer
swim & dive team
t-ball
tennis
track & field
youth theatre

support the show!




calendar
sponsorship

our sponsors
barc sponsorship opportunities


resources
contact us

barc staff
board of directors


fundraising

barc fundraisers
donate to barc


 





select page


  
 



 



 










welcome
to barc



register for spring floor hockey 

register for winter enrichment learning experience












about barc



barc was established in 1952 with the goal of providing low-cost recreational, educational & athletic activities to families in the ballston spa central school district and surrounding area. this is accomplished through support from the towns of milton, malta, & ballston, and the village of ballston spa, as well as support from the ballston spa central school district. barc is non profit organization serving students grades k-12 and their families by providing programs such as t-ball, instructional baseball, soccer, tennis (summer & indoor), track & field, youth theater, swim, basketball, enrichment (school-based and off site intensives), and various arts programs. 
barc works very closely with the school district, however the programs are not run by the school.
in order to receive emails pertaining to all upcoming barc active registrations, you must create account with our registration site. information is not sent home through the schools.
the online account is for all barc programs, not just for sports.







donate
click here



register
click buttons at top of page



sponsor
click here








barc program schedules





barc basketball schedule 2025









special announcements & program closings





registration for barc’s volleyball clinic for grades 3-6 is open until 1/21/25.  for more details visit our enrichment page. the program starts monday 2/3/25.
winter enrichment learning experience begins on saturday, 2/1/25.

registration for spring floor hockey is open from 2/1/25-2/28/25. 
 









interested in coaching?



if you want to coach a sport, register online through the coaches registration. (this is done separately from your child’s registration.) as a thank you, all coaches are eligible for a coaches discount. this discount is applied to the child’s registration who is on the team the parent plans to coach. parents who sign up to coach will get a coaches discount to use on their child’s registration,  so the parent must sign up to coach first through the coaches registration.   once you complete your coaches registration, you will receive a one time use coaches discount code to use on your child’s registration. this will be in your registration confirmation.
still have questions? here are some answers to frequently asked questions:
what if i can’t commit to the entire schedule? we know it’s a big time commitment, but if you partner with another parent to coach & let us know in the comment section of both coaches’ registrations who you’re partnering with, we will place you together. you can also enlist parent volunteers at the start of the season to cover the occasional game or practice. many parents are eager to help out, but just can’t do it every week.
what if i have one weekday that i can’t be there (for example wednesdays), can i still coach? let us know in the comment section of your registration what weekday it is & we will make sure that you don’t get scheduled that day each week. we can’t meet schedule requests for multiple days per week, or for various days throughout the season, but we can typically avoid the same day each week.
i don’t have any coaching experience. can i still coach? yes. while coaching experience is helpful, we are a recreational & instructional program. our rules are basic and are not complicated- especially for the younger age groups. we are here to have fun.
will i get a copy of drills or other training? yes. you get the rules at the coaches meeting. we also set up one or two clinics prior to the start of the season for coaches- to go over drills & techniques. in addition, we have drills that we email to anyone who would like them. lastly you have the support of our commissioners and technical coordinators.
please consider signing up to coach. we can’t run these programs without great volunteers like you!  
if you have not coached before, a background check will have to be completed.









barc news







thank you empire pizza- ballston spa!

barc newsa huge thank you to our newest hall of fame sponsor, empire pizza- ballston spa ! hall of fame sponsors support every one of barc's programs (team sports, individual sports, arts, theater, and...
read more




barc welcomes griffin mcpherson

barc newsbarc would like to welcome our newest art instructor, griffin mcpherson! griffin is a children's book illustrator who loves creating stories of adventure, whimsy, and mystery. he is originally from...
read more




giving tuesday

barc newstuesday, december 3rd is giving tuesday 2024! regardless of whether your child(ren) are current participants, recently aged out, or are alumni of decades ago, you have the power to help barc sustain...
read more


« older entries




community news







barc soccer snack food drive

by nora_o | sep 21, 2023 | community announcementsbarc soccer is holding a snack drive for wood road and malta avenue elementary schools! many of our students receive free lunches at school. as such, buying snacks each day is a hardship for many and nearly impossible for others. the impact from this donation on our...





community partnership- barc track & field and roundabout runners club

by nora_o | may 23, 2023 | community announcements, programsbarc track & field is excited to again partner with roundabout runners club for this season's program! roundabout runners club provides three seasons of youth club training and adult social runs on tuesday and thursday mornings at 5:15 am, with optional saturdays...




thank you saratoga arts

by tslocum | apr 1, 2021 | community announcementsthank you to saratoga arts who made our 2021 nature exploration hiking program possible with a community arts individual artist grant funded by the new york state council on the arts with the support of governor andrew m. cuomo and the new york state legislature. if...



« older entries










thank you to our sponsors!
use the navigation under the logos to see more of our sponsors or visit our sponsors page.
































































































































































































































 














recent posts
thank you empire pizza- ballston spa!
barc welcomes griffin mcpherson
giving tuesday
thank you stewart’s holiday match!
we are hiring!

contact

nora bisnett- executive directortom slocum- board chairmanphone: (518) 885-1634email: ballstonarearec@gmail.comaddress: 61 eastern ave, ballston spa, ny 12020

for assistance with registration, contact ballstonarearec@gmail.com or the coordinator of the program you’re interested in.


 






facebook


website designed and hosted by newward development, llc 





























