












scienceblogs - where the world discusses science.








      skip to main content
    





advertisment
















search



search








toggle navigation










main navigation


life sciences


physical sciences


environment


social sciences


education


policy


medicine


brain & behavior


technology


free thought















featured: 


 

crowdsourced geospatial data will mean a 'seismic shift'technology  

 sb admin | thu, 02/01/2024 - 22:10astronomy has long been dominated by expert amateurs but with geospatial data everywhere, thanks to widely available internet and smartphones, it is not just that directions that were once only available in a paper map are now updated on your phone in real time to account for traffic.

it is changing the relationships of science also. crowdsourced scientific data will go from obscure folding protein folding of 15 years ago to relevance everywhere.

that evolution will continue to be driven by how the data is gathered.



credit: xiao huang, emory university

 

according to the authors, urban…
 

red light myopia therapy can injure your retinamedicine  

 sb admin | mon, 01/29/2024 - 14:18over the last few years, low-level red light (llrl) therapy has become popular to control myopia, or nearsightedness, especially in children. in llrl therapy, children are instructed to look into a red light-emitting instrument for three minutes, twice a day, five days a week, for the duration of the treatment period, which could last years. 

 

studies reported the treatment as effective and responsible for significant reduction in myopia progression and it is already being used to address myopia in over 100,000 pediatric patients.  

 

despite passing clinical trials it's not safe in all…
 

no, covid-19 vaccines do not cause infertility - not getting it mightmedicine  

 sb admin | thu, 01/20/2022 - 20:17despite claims of anti-vaccine activists no different than groups that used to claim vaccines cause autism, covid-19 vaccines do not impact fecundability—the probability of conception per menstrual cycle—in female or male partners who received the pfizer-biontech, moderna, or johnson & johnson vaccines.

the prospective study instead indicates that covid-19 infection among males may temporarily reduce fertility— an outcome that could be avoidable through vaccination.

lead author dr. amelia wesselink, epidemiologist at  boston university school of public health, and colleagues analyzed…












channel surfing


brain & behavior



opportunity costs and why fireworks complaints are up this year
 


the number of fireworks being lit off at night is out of control this year.

while people often light off fireworks close to the fourth of july, this year fireworks have been lit in large numbers starting weeks earlier. new york city had a 4,000% increase in fireworks complaints in the first two weeks of june compared with last year. this prompted mayor bill de blasio to vow a crackdown on…


'virtual' communication during social distancing: how we change when we know we're being seen
 


social distancing due to the sars-cov-2 virus and the threat of covid-19 has meant online communication is more popular than ever, with even casual parenting groups discovering the previous enterprise video conferencing tool zoom.

but how will that affect communications? have you ever met someone who is stiff in person but great on camera or the other way around? neuroscientists study brain and…


fhr4: age-related macular degeneration breakthrough
 


almost 2 million americans have age-related macular degeneration (amd), where the cells in the retina, which is the layer of tissue in the back of the eye, break down, causing central vision to become blurry. over time, 100,000 of those will become blind.

an international team of scientists has identified a protein, fhr4, which is strongly linked to amd when its levels are raised in the blood. …


more




education



fork-tailed flycatchers make sounds with their feathers in different accents
 


(inside science) -- the fork-tailed flycatcher whistles with its wings in two different accents, potentially more evidence this bird is splitting into two species, a new study finds.

birds are known for the songs they can sing, but dozens of species also use their feathers to generate sounds. for instance, peacocks can rattle their quills together, and the crested pigeon's wings whistle when…


quackademic medicine now reigns supreme at uc-irvine
 


it's not infrequently that, whenever i complain about the increasing infiltration of quackery and pseudoscience into medicine, i sometimes lament that skeptics and supporters of science-based medicine are massively outgunned, because we are. thus, we have the continued growth of what i like to refer to as "quackademic medicine," the infiltration of pseudoscience into medical academia in the form…


shame! another front in the libertarian war on the fda: rational vaccines' unethical offshore herpes vaccine clinical trial
 


i've caught a fair amount of flak over my opposition to so-called "right-to-try" laws. right-to-try laws have proliferated throughout the us like so much kudzu over the last three and a half years, to the point where 37 states now have some version of these profoundly anti-patient laws on the books. at the federal level, three weeks ago the senate passed a federal version of right-to-try, with…


more




environment



the 'uplift of the tibetan plateau' myth
 


'the uplift of the tibetan plateau' is invoked to explain various phenomena, from monsoon dynamics to biodiversity evolution and everything in between. it's not accurate, finds a new paper.

the orogeny of the tibetan region (tibet, the himalaya and the hengduan mountains) dates back approximately 200 million years, long before the arrival of india, and was the product of earlier gondwanan…


fireflies face extinction threat due to pesticides, habitat loss, and light pollution
 


the international union for the conservation of nature, a coalition of activist groups which recently charged that climate change is contributing to exploitation of women, is now arguing that various factors are causing 2,000 species of fireflies to go extinct. 

they came to the conclusion by surveying affiliates to ask them what is driving fireflies to extinction. 

according to survey…


the end is not near, but if an 'insect apocalypse' ever happens, how would we know?
 


insects scuttle, chew and fly through the world around us. humans rely on them to pollinate plants, prey on insects that we don’t get along with, and to be movers and shakers for earth’s ecosystems. it’s hard to imagine a world without insects.

that’s why news reports in recent months warning of an “insect apocalypse” sparked widespread alarm. these articles, which were based on long-term insect…


more




free thought



dressing up science: richard feynman and the costume parties of al hibbs (synopsis)
 


"i was born not knowing and have had only a little time to change that here and there." -richard feynman
scientists have long had a reputation for being uptight, serious, and even killjoy personalities. but 50+ years ago, richard feynman was forcing everyone who felt that way to challenge their assumptions. with his brash attitude and fun-seeking personality, feynman seemingly was most at home…


star trek: discovery goes psychic & psychedelic in 'lethe': season 1, episode 6 review (synopsis)
 


"to burn with desire and keep quiet about it is the greatest punishment we can bring on ourselves." -federico garcía lorca
in an episode filled with vulcan mindmelds, klingon treachery, a spectacular nebula, themes of racial purity, and ptsd, you’d think all the ingredients were there for a spectacular episode of star trek: discovery. instead, describing it as a hot mess would be overly generous…


comments of the week: final edition?
 


“you endure what is unbearable, and you bear it. that is all.” -cassandra clare
well, the cat's out of the bag. a little over a week ago, scienceblogs announced to us writers that they no longer had the funds to keep the site operational, and so they would be shutting down. they asked us to keep quiet about this, people didn't and now you know. as of the end of this month, there will be no new…


more




humanities



doomscrolling covid-19 news takes an emotional toll - here is how to prevent that
 


picture this: it’s april 2020, you’re between zoom meetings, and scrolling through your social media newsfeed. headlines like “death toll continues to rise”, “covid-19 may cause long-term health implications” and “health-care systems overwhelmed” flash across your screen. your mood takes a dive, but you can’t stop scrolling.

if this scenario rings true for you, you’re not alone. research shows…


the increase in infant milk formulas and why it matters
 


breastfeeding can play an especially important role in early-life nutrition. it can benefit children’s future school performance and economic prospects in later life, as well as the mother’s health.

health authorities across the world endorse the world health organization’s (who) recommendation that newborns should where possible exclusively breastfeed from the first hour of life until six…


how to spot coronavirus fake news
 


the proliferation of fake news about the covid-19 pandemic has been labelled a dangerous “infodemic”. fake news spreads faster and more easily today through the internet, social media and instant messaging. these messages may contain useless, incorrect or even harmful information and advice, which can hamper the public health response and add to social disorder and division.

confusingly some…


more




life science



genetically rescued organism: toward a solution for sudden oak death
 


sudden oak death, caused by the pathogen phythophthora ramorum, is one of the most ecologically devastating forest diseases in north america, responsible for the deaths of millions of oaks and tanoaks along the coast.

science to the rescue? after the success of genetically modified organisms in things like insulin and food, a recent trend is genetically rescued organisms. these gros would use…


appreciating van leeuwenhoek: the cloth merchant who discovered microbes
 


imagine trying to cope with a pandemic like covid-19 in a world where microscopic life was unknown. prior to the 17th century, people were limited by what they could see with their own two eyes. but then a dutch cloth merchant changed everything.

his name was antonie van leeuwenhoek, and he lived from 1632 to 1723. although untrained in science, leeuwenhoek became the greatest lens-maker of his…


the yeast all around us
 


with people confined to their homes, there is more interest in home-baked bread than ever before. and that means a lot of people are making friends with yeast for the first time. i am a professor of hospitality management and a former chef, and i teach in my university’s fermentation science program.

as friends and colleagues struggle for success in using yeast in their baking – and occasionally…


more




medicine



red light myopia therapy can injure your retina
 


over the last few years, low-level red light (llrl) therapy has become popular to control myopia, or nearsightedness, especially in children. in llrl therapy, children are instructed to look into a red light-emitting instrument for three minutes, twice a day, five days a week, for the duration of the treatment period, which could last years. 

 

studies reported the treatment as effective and…


no, covid-19 vaccines do not cause infertility - not getting it might
 


despite claims of anti-vaccine activists no different than groups that used to claim vaccines cause autism, covid-19 vaccines do not impact fecundability—the probability of conception per menstrual cycle—in female or male partners who received the pfizer-biontech, moderna, or johnson & johnson vaccines.

the prospective study instead indicates that covid-19 infection among males may…


should a doctor prescribe a walk in the park?
 


has your doctor recommended you go for regular jogs in the park, countryside walks, community food growing sessions, or some other nature-based activity? these so-called “green prescriptions” are typically given alongside conventional therapies and have existed in various forms for a number of years.

in recognition of the potential health benefits of green prescriptions, the uk government has…


more




physical science



liangzhu, venice of the stone age, collapsed due to climate change
 


in the yangtze delta, about 160 kilometres southwest of shanghai, the archeological ruins of liangzhu city are located. there, a highly advanced culture blossomed about 5,300 years ago, thanks to the engineering of large hydraulic structures.

the walled city had a complex system of navigable canals, dams and water reservoirs. this system made it possible to cultivate very large agricultural…


greenland could lose ice faster than any century since the last ice age ended
 


a new estimate using sheet modeling finds that greenland's rate of ice loss this century could outpace that of any century over the past 12,000 years, when the last ice age ended.

scientists used reconstructions of ancient climate to drive the model, and validated the model against real-world measurements of the ice sheet's contemporary and ancient size.

the study brought together climate…


what is an electron? 
 


as surprising as it may sound, no one really knows what an electron is, and it is this fundamental question that has been the driving force for much of modern physics and eventually led to the development of quantum field theory.

to answer the question “what is an electron?”, you would think the first step would be to observe it. however, that is easier said than done. electrons are simply too…


more




politics



even while the world suffers, investing in science is non-negotiable
 


“i am looking at the future with concern, but with good hope.” –albert schweitzer
every so often, the argument comes up that science is expendable. that we’re simply investing too much of our resources — too much public money — into an endeavor with no short-term benefits. meanwhile, there’s suffering of all kinds, from poverty to disease to war to natural disasters, plaguing humanity all across…


considering candidates post las vegas massacre: rule out tim walz
 


a man who was not even known as a gun collector amassed an arsenal that all experts agree included illegal fully automatic weapons. he carried out an act of carnage, alone and using only those weapons, that exceeded in casualty count almost every military battle fought in recent decades by american troops, and that equaled or surpassed all but a very small number of terrorist attacks.  
he shot…


antivaxers on twitter: fake news and twitter bots
 


two years ago, i wrote about a study that demonstrated how the antivaccine movement had learned to use twitter to amplify their antiscience message. at the time, i noted how in 2014, when the whole "cdc whistleblower" conspiracy theory was first hatched, antivaxers were so bad at twitter, so obvious, so naive. the tweeted inane claims at government officials, scientists, legislators, and whoever…


more




technology



crowdsourced geospatial data will mean a 'seismic shift'
 


astronomy has long been dominated by expert amateurs but with geospatial data everywhere, thanks to widely available internet and smartphones, it is not just that directions that were once only available in a paper map are now updated on your phone in real time to account for traffic.

it is changing the relationships of science also. crowdsourced scientific data will go from obscure folding…


first artificial enzyme from two non-biological groups created 
 


scientists have used an unnatural amino acid and a catalytic copper complex to create a new, artificial enzyme. 

enzymes are natural catalysts that operate under mild conditions. this makes them an attractive alternative for industrial chemical catalysis, which may require high temperature and pressure and toxic solvents or metals. however, not all chemical reactions can be catalyzed by natural…


ai will revolutionize dna evidence – once we can trust the results
 


dna evidence often isn’t as watertight as many people think. sensitive techniques developed over the past 20 years mean that police can now detect minute traces of dna at a crime scene or on a piece of evidence. but traces from a perpetrator are often mixed with those from many other people that have been transferred to the sample site, for example via a handshake. and this problem has led to…


more









advertisment






donate
scienceblogs is where scientists communicate directly with the public. we are part of science 2.0, a science education nonprofit operating under section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue code. please make a tax-deductible donation if you value independent science communication, collaboration, participation, and open access.




 

you can also shop using amazon smile and though you pay nothing more we get a tiny something.

 




science 2.0




prop 65 is a california gimmick that raises prices for the poor
km3net: most energetic neutrino in the universe detected 
my most important column ever
chocolate is a treat - it's not an 'antioxidant' or anything except valentine's day candy
unsupervised tracking







science codex













more reads



eat your veggies 


"vegetables are all your body needs" ad campaign, via laughing squid (hat-tip to andrew sullivan)
your brain - on van aelst 


kantor set
kevin van aelst
several readers have suggested i blog about photographer kevin van aelst in the past weeks. if you've missed out on his work, kevin is the sort of artist who can portray cellular mitosis in the legendarily difficult medium of krispy kreme, or chromosomes in gummi worm, fingerprints in non-dairy creamer, or the kantor set in egg yolk. his work is clever, funny, and…
what does the universe really look like? 

"on a cosmic scale, our life is insignificant, yet this brief period when we appear in the world is the time in which all meaningful questions arise." -paul ricoeur
ask anyone who's looked up at a dark sky on a clear, moonless night, and you'll immediately hear tales about how incomprehensibly vast the universe is.
 image credit: randy halverson, flickr user dakotalapse, from http://dakotalapse.…












© 2006-2024 science 2.0. all rights reserved. privacy statement. scienceblogs is a registered trademark of science 2.0, a science media nonprofit operating under section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue code. contributions are fully tax-deductible.















