













institute for people and technology (ipat) | research


















    skip to main navigation


    skip to main content















menu









research










subipat


research home


ipat home


about


overview


subscribe to news and announcements


contact us


star award


directory


leadership team


research faculty


staff support


student assistants






research


overview


affiliated labs and centers


cear


protected health data infrastructure


research concentrations


global health and well-being


resilient and informed communities


responsible and ethical technologies


arts, expression, and creative technologies






core facilities


research facilities


aware home


meeting facilities




faculty


affiliated faculty


research faculty


cic asia faculty fellows


faculty resources


career opportunities


funding opportunities






engage


students


foley scholar awards


convergence innovation competition


student opportunities




news


news


subscribe to news and announcements


ipat insider newsletter




events


interactivity@gt 2025


event calendar


ipat: gvu lunch lectures


previous events













search


search


















institute for people and technology

















breadcrumb


home


                                                    institute for people and technology (ipat)
                                            










 













 blank space (medium)(text and background only visible when logged in)






interactivity
human-computer interaction students showcase projects at the 2025 interactivity@gt event.
read more »


 







 blank space (small)(text and background only visible when logged in)











 




beatriz abad wins best paper award


news »











 




resilience insights from kait morano


news »










global health and wellbeingprotecting health both locally and worldwide.






resilient and informed communitiesdiscovering strategies that benefit and inform communities from all walks of life.






responsible and ethical technologiesevaluating potential consequences to mitigate negative effects.






arts, expression, and creative technologiesusing advanced technology to enhance creative processes, artistic expression, and innovation.







featured research videos











brainbraille
towards 100bpm+ typing with a haemodynamic response-based brain-computer interface. most high-speed non-invasive bci typing systems require intense visual attention and feedback. brainbraille investigates a more open-loop approach similar to touch typing.watch video | more details










the liar's dividend
the liar's dividend: the impact of deepfakes and fake news on politician support and trust in media. we argue that strategic and false allegations about fake news or deepfakes benefit politicians in the face of information damaging to their reputation.watch video | more details










ai through symbiosis
we're using a revolutionary new approach to optimizing the process of order picking. contrary to traditional methods, we want to use smart head-worn displays (hwds) to enable our users to detect and correct errors during order picking in real-time. watch video | more details














about ipat
our goal is to maximize georgia tech’s societal impact through people-centered innovation. ipat supports and connects faculty and students across the entire georgia tech campus by blurring the lines between academic disciplines and partnering to translate research results into real-world use. georgia tech is at the forefront of science and technology research, and home to state-of-the-art facilities and world-renowned experts who are working every day to find answers to tough problems. ipat brings together researchers, industry, and other partners to identify technology solutions that will shape our global future. ipat was created in 2011 to embrace these opportunities and needs, to create a networked research ecosystem of georgia tech faculty and industry partners, and to amplify their combined thought leadership and on-the-ground results to create a positive economic and societal impact in critical areas that define much of everyday life.
our mission »


 










 




get added to ipat news and announcements:


subscribe to our news >>









news




 

human-computer interaction students showcase projects at 2025 interactivity@gt eventumme ammara, a first-year student in the master’s program in human-computer interaction (ms-hci) at georgia tech, showcased her projects sponsored by…


 

tackling global ai hiring bias: prioritizing collaboration over division between the us, eu, and chinawhile ai-driven systems hold the potential to streamline hiring processes, the issue of hiring discrimination has emerged as a pressing global…


 

thank the backstreet boys: a teacher’s journey to education researchjeonghyun “jonna” lee is the director of research in education innovation at the center for 21st century universities (c21u).if not for the…


 

georgia tech's computer science initiative expands opportunities for rural students in georgia, where rural communities often face barriers to accessing advanced education in science and technology, georgia tech is leading a…




 more news » 







events




thursday
february
20
mobile sign language recognition: creating useful and usable interfaces for the deafpopsignai, an educational smartphone game to help hearing parents of deaf children learn sign, is the result of 30 years of


monday
february
24
neuro next seminar"learning representations of complex meaning in the human brain" - leila wehbe - carnegie mellon university


monday
february
24
ipat town hall meeting - spring 2025the institute for people and technology (ipat) invites you to join our spring town hall. in-person only meeting.


thursday
february
27
research town hall - feb. 27, 2025research town hall hosted by tim lieuwen


saturday
march
1
neuroscience for built environment studiesworkshop offering an overview of behavioral and neural studies of human and built environment interaction with a focus on





 more events » 









researchers in the news



nvidia and hugging face team up to democratize robot developmentmaginative, nov 6, 2024 (animesh garg quoted)hugging face and nvidia to accelerate open-source ai robotics research and developmentnvidia, nov 6, 2024 (animesh garg quoted)hugging face and nvidia to advance open-source ai robotics research and developmenttelecom talk, nov 7, 2024 (animesh garg quoted)hugging face and nvidia join forces to drive open-source ai in roboticspune.news, nov 9, 2024 (animesh garg quoted)prolonged exposure to mixed reality alters task performance in the unmediated environmentscientific reports, nov 6, 2024 (michael nitsche paper)bridging tradition and technology: robotics and ai open a new path for classical indian musicgt news, nov 13, 2024 (gil weinberg quoted) 




history-making tech women named for 'pathway of progress'georgia tech, oct 8, 2024 (annie anton listed)transparency and rigorous oversight urged for u.s. medicare advantage programnews-medical.net, oct 8, 2024, (turgay ayer quoted)skyscenes boosts autonomous flight safety with aimirage.news, oct 17, 2024 (judy hoffman featured)deepfakes surge during election cyclesmirage.news, oct 24, 2024 (mark riedl featured)these schools don't fear artificial intelligence. they put it to work.fast company, sept 24, 2024 (ashok goel quoted)what is an llm and how does it relate to ai chatbots? here's what to knowcnet, sept 17, 2024 (mark riedl quoted)pioneering progress through people-first data solutionsinformation week, sept 18, 2024 (debra lam featured)how can k–12 educators teach blind students to code?ed-tech, sept 3, 2024 (brian magerko featured)tesla is hiring workers for $48 an hour to wear motion-capture suits to train its humanoid robotsfortune, aug 19, 2024 (animesh garg quoted)robust automated calcification meshing for personalized cardiovascular biomechanicsnature, aug 15, 2024 (rudy gleason research study) 




"all-in-one wearable drug efficacy assessment systems for bulbar muscle function using amyotrophic lateral sclerosis animal models"nature communications, aug 9, 2024 (w. hong yeo research paper)"why mentors are key to unlocking social mobility"innovators, aug 20, 2024 (debra lam article)"tesla is hiring workers for $48 an hour to wear motion-capture suits to train its humanoid robots"fortune, aug 19, 2024 (animesh garg quoted)"dems and gop agree: ditch computerized voting in georgia"11 alive news, aug 3, 2024 (rich demillo quoted)"study highlights challenges in detecting violent speech aimed at asian communities"georgia tech news, aug 7, 2024 (munmun de choudhury mentioned)"google deepmind tests whether ai can do comedy like a comedian"gigazine, jun 20, 2024 (mark riedl quoted)"prolonged exposure to mixed reality alters task performance in the unmediated environment"scientific reports, aug 15, 2024 (michael nitsche research paper)"lawmakers and regulators to study impact of blockchain and cryptocurrency on alabama"alabama reflector, july 31, 2024 (vijay k. madisetti quoted)"5g tech patent infringement trial against verizon begins"the marshall news messgenger, jun 28, 2024 (vijay k. madisetti expert witness)subscription required to access."a professor's digital mini-me"chronicle of higher education, july 10, 2024 (ashok goel mentioned)sign up allows free access to this article"all data are local. video & podcast: thinking critically in a data-driven society"berkman klein center, harvard university, may 30, 2024 (yanni loukissas presentation)

















   























georgia institute of technology
north avenueatlanta, ga 30332
                    
+1 404.894.2000

campus map









general


directory


employment


emergency information










legal


equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and anti-harassment policy


legal & privacy information


human trafficking notice


title ix/sexual misconduct


hazing public disclosures


accessibility


accountability


accreditation


report free speech and censorship concern














© 2025 georgia institute of
      technology



gt login






 


  



this website uses cookies. 
                for more information, review our  
                privacy & 
                    legal notice questions? please email privacy@gatech.edu. 
more info

accept










