


a l p i n e  g u i l d



ss f r e e ss
access to valuable
information



from   
a l p i n e  g u i l d,  i n c. 
   publishers of books to educate and inform



	  leadership: growing and sustaining a smaller organization 
	- this book is packed with useful tools, ideas, and helps for leaders.  it presents a structured sequence of thinking tasks; then doing tasks – tasks that have been proven to help leaders build long-term-success for their organization, in good times and bad times.



	  how to write and sell a successful "how-to" book 
	- you have knowledge, experience, skills. you are ready 
	to communicate your know-how to others through a book. this brief guide will 
	help you get started.

accounting and
  financial analysis for the non-accountant
 -
  an overview of the key financial reports and financial
  analysis tools used in business. learn what accountants are talking about, see how the
  numbers work, get the background necessary for success in business. (excerpted from how
  to keep score in business.)



glossary of key financial accounting terms - definitions
  of key terms you will encounter in reading and in conversations about accounting and
  financial matters. knowing the jargon is always important to business success. (from
  how to keep score in business.)
coping with chronic illness  
- learn about
  the six stages of chronic physical illness and how to successfully cope with them. learn
  about the skills needed to master chronic illness and become able-hearted when it is no
  longer possible to be able-bodied. adapted from dr. joann lemaistre's book which has
  helped thousands of patients and their families.



wolf trapped  
- an excerpt from the true story of a young artist who tried
  to use his art to fight against hitler and the nazis.



send e-mail to alpine guild   send e-mail to alpine guild authors and executives.



for more information
about any of these titles or about alpine guild, inc., contact 
information@alpineguild.com
phone: 970-262-6505
/ 800-869-9559  fax: 970-262-9378  mail: p.o.
box 4848, dillon, co 80435
copyright © 2013 by
alpine guild, inc.

