










home - tempe chamber of commerce - az
























































  


















skip to content















					1438 w broadway rd. #213				








					login				








					email				








					(480) 967-7891				














facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram





youtube






































menu 
about us board of directors staff committees military affairs committee sustainability women in business council foundation tempe leadership tempe care tempe youth leadership career ready tempe awards tempe leadershipadvocacy public policy legislative newsmembership directory manage your membership membership benefits major investors job boardevents & programs events calendar member events community calendar network development sponsor benefits special programs tempe leadership career ready temperesources sustainability awards ai skill-a-thon grant advertising opportunities job board chamber resources east valley business publicationscontact us social mediajoin today!








 







 





welcome to the tempe chamber of commerce






we serve as the voice of business, a catalyst for economic growth and a champion for a strong community. we are your chamber of commerce!







join today!






















 
voice of business
 
read more

 








 
catalyst for economic growth
 
read more

 








 
champion for a strong community
 
read more

 






















                                network development                            














                                events & programs                            














                                credibility                            














                                committees                            














                                member savings                            














                                marketing opportunities                            




























 























upcoming events 


 
view calendar

 








new members 


 
all members

 





























advocacy | connection | visibility 
the tempe chamber of commerce represents over 500 businesses with more than 70,000 employees. for more than a century, the tempe chamber has been dedicated to sustaining tempe’s quality of life and keeping our community and economy vibrant.
our strength is derived from our members. those who invest in the community through membership in the tempe chamber support initiatives in education and workforce development, public policy, and business development. together we provide a unified voice for business and support a stronger economy and an improved quality of life.
 
learn more

 







 












© 2025 tempe chamber of commerce – az
 | 
site by growthzone


























resources









facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram





youtube















member login 










get in touch






tempe chamber of commerce













po box 28500, tempe, az 85285 














(480) 967-7891 














info@tempechamber.org 



























 © 2025 tempe chamber of commerce - az.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone 








 

















