





clermont county courts - batavia, ohio











    allen freeman, common pleas clerk of courts
    paul c. kamphaus, municipal clerk of court
    clermont county, ohio
    







home
case search
municipal epayments criminal/traffic
payout schedule
phone directory
location/hours
municipal
common pleas
auto title
u.s. passport services
court forms
jury service
elected officials

links
municipal clerk public record policy



mission statement
the clermont county clerk of courts pledges to provide prompt, accurate and courteous service to the public and to the court. we stand united in our commitment to ethically maintain the highest level of integrity and honesty in all of the work we perform


goals

aspire daily to administer the duties of our office fairly, professionally, and responsibly. 
provide our clients and associates full values on every service we render. 
treat our fellow deputies with courtesy, respect and compassion 
pursue a standard of excellence when recording and preserving legal records and documents. 
dedicate ourselves to the continuing education of all deputy clerks in new or revised statutory law and progressive technology


 
municipal court payment methods:
  cash, check, money order, and credit card payments. 


"click here to access the municipal epayment site" 

  please make checks and money orders payable to: clermont county municipal court
 


  notice: 
clermont county municipal court will not accept, file, or respond to letters submitted by anyone concerning a case pending before the court.  ohio code of judicial conduct rule 2.9 prohibits the court from initiating, receiving, permitting, or considering ex parte communications, which are communications concerning a pending case when all parties to the case are not present.  any written correspondence to the court which is not served upon all parties constitutes an impermissible ex parte communication, and will not be reviewed, filed or acted upon.  such communications will be summarily discarded.
any communications or requests to the court should be in the form of a motion, properly captioned with the name of the parties, all relevant case numbers, and a clear and concise statement of what is being requested.  all motions must be signed and served upon the opposing party(ies) before they will be accepted for filing. motions may only be filed by mail, in person or via fax at (513) 732-7831. electronic submissions are not permitted and will not be considered. 
any letters from interested parties concerning the sentence to be imposed in a criminal case should be provided to either the prosecutor or defense counsel, who may provide the letter to the court and the parties at the sentencing hearing, if appropriate. 









