  






wakeboard towers and accessories | monster tower











   


 


    

 

 the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.            towers accessories  all accessories racks bimini tops speakers mirrors surfmodenew wakeboarding gearnew lights accessory covers replacement partsboards & floats   stand up paddle boards floats and loungescustomer gallery     shopping cart     sign insign in supportsupport help center installation manuals local support blog & how-to financing options returns contact (877)778-6937select country americas international for orders to emea please contact marine accessories bvphone: +31 252 284 250email: info@marineaccessories.euwebsite: https://marineaccessories.eu for orders to apac please contact bla.phone: 1300 252 725email: sales@bla.com.auwebsite: https://www.bla.com.au 











winter sale - up to $400 off wakeboard towers
shop now





free shipping on all towers
see details

free shipping valid only within the contiguous usa.





          










towers







racks







bimini tops







speakers







mirrors







lights







wakeboard towers & accessories
monster tower has universal wakeboard towers and tower accessories that can transform your boat while saving you money. a monster tower can turn your basic bowrider, older outboard, tournament towboat, or conventional cruiser into a fun, updated, multi-functional watersports boat. with an array of wake tower styles and designs, you are sure to find one that perfectly complements your boat. adding a monster wakeboard tower is like getting a brand new boat, without the new boat price tag.









































monster wakeboard tower finder
can't decide which monster tower to choose? use our tower finder to answer a few simple questions about your boat's length and beam width, as well as your own style and color preferences and receive a customized recommendation to fit your needs. if you're still unsure of which tower to choose, give us a call or shop all towers.

 1 | boat length (ft)  please select ... over 20 under 20  2 | beam width (in)  please select ...  3 | style preference please select ...  ×  4 | color preference  please select ...  find reset



1st
aftermarket wakeboard tower
monster tower literally invented the aftermarket wakeboard tower industry. with the top wake tower engineers at our disposal, monster tower has remained on the forefront of wake tower innovation. we are able to bring the latest and greatest tower designs to your boat - at a fraction of the cost.
the original folding aftermarket wakeboard tower
monster tower is proud to have developed the world’s first folding aftermarket wakeboard tower. our patented, innovative designs use quick release knobs to allow towers to fold down in minutes without any tools required. instead, the knobs are loosened by hand and the towers fold down with ease. this industry-leading feature allows our towers to accommodate low clearances, dry stack storage, and even hoa regulations.










2.5"
industry leading pipe size
we don't skimp when it comes to construction. each monster tower is built rock solid with industry leading 2.5" 6063-t6 aircraft grade aluminum. stronger construction = stronger pulls. we take it a step further and anodize the finish to protect each monster tower so it looks better longer.




50k
wakeboard towers sold
as testament to our longevity, we've sold more than 50,000 towers. we are so confident you will love your monster tower that we offer a money back guarantee to that effect or we want it back.







wakeboard racks, speakers, lights, and more!
monster tower pushes the limit on unique wakeboard tower designs and variety, but we also kick it up a notch by providing options for your tower that will add more adrenaline to your ride. we offer a wide range of lightweight universal wakeboard racks, bimini tops, tower mirrors, tower lights, and tower speakers like wet sounds, polk audio, and kicker speakers so you can personalize your wakeboard tower and enhance your wakeboarding experience.
how do we know our universal wakeboard towers and accessories are the best? our customers tell us so. if you are looking for an affordable tower that is reliable and looks great too, a monster wakeboard tower is the best deal around -- great prices, great selection, great value and virtually risk free!



i received my tower today and i want to thank you for a job well done. the customer service was excellent! you guys rock!!
wakeboard tower review by juan f.


after long hours of shopping and comparing, we decided that the monster tower was the best offer on the market due to affordability and guarantee. the tower is everything you say it is…rides quiet and was very easy to install. we will recommend this product to anyone we know that is considering a wakeboard tower.
wakeboard tower review by tom t.


i love my monster tower and have recommended it to all my friends. the installation was easy and ended up exactly where i wanted it. it is solid and quiet, just like i was told.
wakeboard tower review by fred c.










find a dealer icon




local support
view local dealers







support icon



support

please select...
help center
technical information
how-to/blog
local support
returns
contact us







info@monstertower.com

877-778-6937

knoxville, tn 37931 usa


shop by category

towers
tower accessories
board racks
boards & floats



company

about us
blog
contact us
become a dealer



support

technical information
orders & returns
help center
local support












sign up






   
   
   



advanced search |
            privacy policy |
            terms & conditions



 email address is required to loginplease enter your email address below to create account.email sign in   © 2025 monster tower. all rights reserved.   