












cucurbit breeding – department of horticultural science

































skip to content




cucurbit breeding department of horticultural science 

 






toggle navigation








home
cucumber
gourd
melon
watermelon
stevia
publications
personnel
wehner


















cucurbit breeding at nc state

the cucurbit breeding project at north carolina state university, raleigh is under the direction of todd wehner. project personnel are involved with research that includes the breeding and genetics of cucumber, watermelon, specialty melon, and other cucurbits such as luffa sponge gourd. we also work on stevia breeding.
our research focuses on the following areas: collection and evaluation of germplasm, qualitative genetics of important traits, quantitative genetics, selection methods, yield improvement, induced mutation, and resistance to cold, insects, and disease. our work is done primarily in 3 laboratories, 6 greenhouses, 3 drying barns, 1 disease chamber, 1 propagation bench, 2 growth rooms, and 4 experiment stations (clinton, goldsboro, oxford, and whiteville) made available to us by the university.
these web pages will provide you with an overview of our work, and will let you access information, articles, and software we have produced.
you can also visit the pages for the courses i teach (hs 590, hs 541 and hs 790), and for the plant breeding program at nc state (see the link for related groups).
general information

our short address is https://cucurbitbreeding.wordpress.ncsu.edu/
courses
publications
cucurbit genetics cooperative

cucurbit genetics cooperative meetings


project personnel
environmental sustainability
intercrossability of cucurbit species

the cucurbits (cucurbitaceae)

one of top 5 crop families of the angiosperms (besides poaceae, fabaceae, brassicaceae, solanaceae)

cucumber and its relatives

cucumis sativus, cucumber
cucumis sativus var. hardwickii, wild cucumber
cucumis hystrix (and cucumis hytivus), xishuangbana gourd


melon and its relatives

cucumis melo, melon (cantaloupe)
cucumis melo var. flexuosus, snake melon
cucumis anguria, west indian gherkin


squash and pumpkin

cucurbita pepo, summer squash and pumpkin
cucurbita maxima, winter squash and pumpkin
cucurbita moschata, tropical pumpkin


watermelon, citron, egusi melon, and colocynth

citrullus lanatus, sweet watermelon
citrullus amarus, citron
citrullus mucosospermus, egusi melon
citrullus colocynthis, colocynth


gourds and other cucurbits

benincasa, wax gourd
luffa, luffa gourd and ridge gourd
momordica, bitter gourd


cucurbitaceae taxonomy dendrogram (kocyan, zhang, schaefer & renner, 2007)

citrullus taxonomy dendrogram


synteny of watermelon, melon and cucumber















cucurbit breedingdr. todd wehner
department of horticultural science
north carolina state university
raleigh, nc 27695-7609

phone: 919.741.8929
email: tcwehner@gmail.com
cucurbitbreeding.wordpress.ncsu.edu 









														cucurbit breeding

copyright © 2025
· nc state university
· accessibility
· privacy
· university policies
· log in







nc state university

north carolina state university
raleigh, nc 27695
919.515.2011









