



















lipscomb university | a private christian college in nashville tenn.












































      skip to main content
    














lipscomb university 







open menu 




close menu 






open search 




close search 








admission & aid


academics


student life


spiritual life


athletics





about


news


events





info for 

more info toggle 








go back to menu 



          menu
        


admitted students


alumni


employers


mylipscomb


directory


student orientation


investing in students


media


parents




 

open search 








request information


schedule a visit


apply to lipscomb








giving





 

close search 







search




submit search 



















 flourishing awaits.



                    apply now

                        
    lipscomb’s application for admission is now open. take the next step to join our christ-centered community that magnifies the best in you.


    lipscomb’s application for admission is now open. take the next step to join our christ-centered community that magnifies the best in you.








a leading christian university in nashville where anything is possible.
    with our top academic programs, small class sizes, intentional faculty and faith-integrated experiences in nashville, you won't just be prepared for the future—you'll be thriving in the moment.

 
                  freshmen
        

                  transfer
        

                  graduate
        

                  online
        










    faith in academics










    encounter transformative education

    choose from over 200 programs of study that will prepare your mind and heart for a purposeful career marked by servant leadership.




                  programs
        



                  center for vocational discovery
        



                  at a glance
        














    activate bold faith

    lead by extending a hand. whether you’re serving on an international mission team or participating in a service-learning program, you’ll find unique ways to live in faith by engaging with others. 


              spiritual life
      












    make a lasting impact

    lipscomb impact 360, our strategic vision for the future, is an all-encompassing plan, designed to elevate every area of the university and create a more robust student experience that prepares you for a life of purpose wherever you go.


              lipscomb impact 360
      
















    experience lipscomb





pursue the extraordinary.

    from our campus in nashville to wherever you go, discover the places that lipscomb calls home.











    at lipscomb university, you’ll learn just as much outside the classroom as you do inside it. our christ-centered community offers an abundance of opportunities to engage in campus life and fashion a future to make an impact wherever you go.


              community life
      










    our campus extends to nashville, a world-class, forward-thinking city that’s known as a top destination for dreamers, seekers and doers. through hands-on learning opportunities and rich cultural experiences, our hometown will shape you for the better—but you’ll shape nashville, too.




                  explore nashville
        



                  virtual campus tour
        













    future-focused




grow into your whole self, become the person god calls you to be.

    lipscomb graduates land great jobs. but for our grads, a job is just the first step in a larger journey. we believe in work that has purpose, makes an impact on people’s lives and moves the world forward.











    courtney hale (mba ’10)

 












    courtney hale (mba ’10)



    courtney hale (mba ’10) likes to tell people: “i’m the most accidental entrepreneur you’ll ever meet!” but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t have skills. in fact, he’s passing on to today’s youngsters all over the nation the finance skills that carried him beyond his family’s humble roots in nashville through his social enterprise: super money kids co.




              full story
      










    reid murdock (’24)

 












    reid murdock (’24)



    many students enroll at lipscomb because of a desire to serve, and reid murdock (’24), a mechanical engineering major who will graduate this may, is no exception. on may 4, he will be the first lipscomb graduate to complete the newly developed humanitarian engineering minor, a program focused on how to effectively carry out faith-based engineering projects in the missions field.




              full story
      










    kristen jud (mpa ’23)

 












    kristen jud (mpa ’23)



    kristen jud (mpa ’23) hasn’t even held her master of public administration for a year yet and she is already contributing to a major project that is destined to change the face of nashville: the imagine east bank vision plan, adopted by the metro planning commission in 2022 to steer development of 338 acres of underutilized land directly across the river from downtown nashville.




              full story
      










    paul ayers '96

 













    paul ayers '96



    there are few people who could better represent the epitome of a lipscomb research scientist than the canada research chair for theoretical chemistry at mcmaster university, paul ayers (bs ’96).

ayers heard his calling at lipscomb. he built his intellectual and professional skills and his research resume at lipscomb. he discovered his way to make a difference in the world at lipscomb.




              full story
      










    diana saleh '24

 













    diana saleh '24



    “even as just a nursing student and not really having started my career yet, hearing families thank me, tell me i changed their lives and tell me that they thought i am going to be an amazing nurse, i fell in love with the profession even more,” she continues. “i absolutely cannot wait to be a nurse.”

being an ncaa div. 1 student athlete is demanding with an intense schedule of practices, conditioning, travel, games and other commitments to represent the program and university. she did not let the fear of balancing a rigorous academic program with the demands of being an athlete stop her from pursuing these dreams.




              full story
      










    david green '24

 













    david green '24



    when david green came to lipscomb he had a clear vision: to cultivate his talents as an aspiring singer-songwriter and pursue his dreams of becoming a full-time worship leader and recording artist. his passion for music and the gospel message led him to lipscomb, where he found the perfect platform to merge his artistic aspirations with his faith.




              full story
      










    david ('91) and nancy french (’97)

 












    david ('91) and nancy french (’97)



    as a pair of nationally known writers and thought leaders, the frenches have no problem intertwining their personal experiences and insights drawn from their daily lives into their influential work in litigation, politics and journalism. nancy french began her writing career literally by writing about her daily life as a southern-bred, politically conservative wife and mother living in a politically liberal area of the country. when david french had the realization he needed to walk the talk in regards to his views on the iraq war, the couple co-wrote a book about how his service in the judge-advocate general officer (jag) corps affected both their lives, their family and their approach to life.




              full story
      










    karen de leon (’23)

 












    karen de leon (’23)



    the daughter of immigrants from guatemala, karen de leon (’23) learned to speak english by watching sesame street. as she grew up in nashville, she often relied on her school teachers to learn how to be successful. while studying at lipscomb, she leaned on her mentor in the pionero program, a scholarship and outreach initiative.




              full story
      










    brynn abner ('24)

 












    brynn abner ('24)



    brynn abner, a senior film major from johnson city, tennessee, was tapped to be the director and post-production supervisor for a documentary to show at the “dolly parton and the makers: my life in rhinestones” exhibit currently on display on lipscomb university’s campus. leading a nine-student crew, abner truly saw the magic “behind the seams,” interviewing nine members of parton’s core team of creatives at locations including parton’s shop at her brentwood home and her nashville offices




              full story
      










    anna belle skidmore ('24) and lila mae skidmore ('27)

 













    anna belle skidmore ('24) and lila mae skidmore ('27)



    due to allergies, anna belle skidmore a senior education major, is required to eat a gluten- free diet while also being a long-distance runner. “i was needing something to eat that was gluten-free, would work with my active running lifestyle, but would also taste good,” said anna belle. “so we started experimenting with different ways to flavor granola. every time we took our favorite flavors and turned them into new granola recipes, we said, ‘we granola’d it!’ so that became our tagline!”




              full story
      








    lipscomb graduates land great jobs. but for our grads, a job is just the first step in a larger journey. we believe in work that has purpose, makes an impact on people’s lives and moves the world forward.











    companies & careers










accomplished alumni










lipscomb now


see what’s new.








      students
  



lipscomb university receives $1 million gift to fund student scholarships











      alumni
  



alumnus-created portrait of civil rights icon fred gray acquired by smithsonian











      honors college
  



honors college designated an acta hidden gem for its robust liberal arts curriculum






          more news & events
    














join our community.
    finalize your enrollment and pursue the extraordinary at lipscomb, a place where purposeful minds and passionate hearts come together to shape the world around us. 



request information


schedule a visit


apply to lipscomb


finalize enrollment






 

close drawer 



    careers & companies

          we are committed to developing students who are career-ready professionals from day one. graduates have a long history of achieving their professional goals as part of communities here and around the world.

          

here are just a few companies who have hired lipscomb graduates:

deloitte
first tennessee bank
dell
nissan
wright industries
vanderbilt medical center
jackson
metro nashville public schools
elite sports medicine
tn dept of transportation
asurion
warner music
st. thomas health
cigna healthspring
emory medical center


healthways
comdata
medhost
parallon
ibm
united airlines
u.s. army corp of engineers
carlex glass company
i.c. thomasson
lockheed martin
st. jude children’s hospital
duke university


        career development center
      






undergraduate


graduate


online






undergraduate


graduate






undergraduate


graduate


online programs







lipscomb university
one university park drive
nashville, tn 37204
800.333.4358
locations
strategic vision


celebrate god's gifts
by sharing them.
make a gift




          academic calendar
        



          news & media
        



          directory
        



          public safety
        



          jobs at lipscomb
        



          report an incident
        



          live events feed
        



          university policies
        



          mylipscomb
        



          website tickets
        










facebook 






instagram 






twitter 






youtube 






linkedin 





© 2025 lipscomb university



































