 unilever uk & ireland homepage | unilever

    skip to content  default theme  default  (selected) light  dark what is a theme? (opens in new window) unilever uk & irelandchange locationsearch site menuour company our brands sustainability skip to news  backsustainabilityequity, diversity & inclusion at unilever uki actions we’re taking in the uk & ireland health & wellbeing purpose, values & principles view sustainability news careers (opens in new window) backcareersview careers  unilever uk & irelandchange location     unilever uk & ireland homepage  welcome to unilever uk & ireland  we are unilever uk and ireland90+ yearsoperating in the uk and irelandover 80 brandsin our marketin 98%of uk householdsover 6,000employees in our factories and offices  find out more about our company latest news press releaseunilever expands commitment in women’s sport with uefa women's euro 2025 sponsorship13 february 2025london – unilever and the union of european football associations (uefa) have today named brands from unilever’s foods and personal care business groups as official sponsors of uefa women’s euro 2025.   news articlehow unilever’s digital transformation is driving operational excellence12 february 2025  press release unilever targets deodorant growth with new whole body innovation27 january 2025  news articleliving wage: key lessons from a decade of progress15 january 2025  news articlebehind the scenes at unilever’s world-class laundry detergent testing lab15 january 2025 view all news our iconic brandsare on a missionto do good.explore our brands skip this section explore unilever in the uk and ireland find out more about who we are, our brands and how we want to be a force for good. our uk and ireland brandswe make some of the best-known brands in the world, and those brands are present in 98% of households across the uk. globally our products are used by 2 billion people every day. find out more about them here.  equity, diversity and inclusion at unileverwe’re committed to building an inclusive culture where everyone working at unilever, without exception, feels able to bring their complete and authentic self to work. we want all our employees to thrive every day irrespective of race, ability, sexual orientation, or gender.to grow the best teams and future leaders, and to serve shoppers with the best products, we need to build brands and teams that reflect the diversity of the world we live in.  unilever in the ukunilever is one of the world’s most global companies based in the uk. from the opening of william lever’s sunlight soap factory in port sunlight in 1888, to unilever brands being available in +190 countries today, as unilever has grown, so has our uk business. with over 6,000 employees across 20 sites, the uk is not only our historic home but also home to our global head office and some of our largest factories and innovation hubs.  sustainabilitywe have been driving an ambitious sustainability agenda for over two decades. yet, in the face of ever-growing economic, environmental and social challenges, we are evolving our approach.  careers at unilevervisit our dedicated careers site to browse vacancies and find information about what it’s like working for us.  press & mediapress releases and media contact information for journalists and commentators. search unilever uk & irelandsearch    back to top  share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on xshare this page on linked inshare this page on e-mail connect with uswe're always looking to connect with those who share an interest in a sustainable future.connect with us on facebookconnect with us on xconnect with us on youtubeconnect with us on linkedinconnect with us on instagramcontact usget in touch with unilever plc and specialist teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.contact us  protecting our partners what's in our products? (opens in new window) contact us legal  cookie notice privacy notice uk modern slavery act transparency statement sitemap section 172 statement pdf | 85kb leeds comah unilever uk limited: terms and conditions for promotions terms of trading - uk accessibility careline evoucher terms and conditions digital sustainabilityunilever uk & ireland © unilever 2025                