









pro realty options - gold brick property management








































 


















skip to content



 
hoa management services
 tenants

tenant portal login
pay rent
repair request
rental search
how to apply
move-in/move-out checklist


 owners
blog
425-438-3474
 















menu


property management

areas we serve

bothell
edmonds
everett
lake stevens
lynnwood
marysville
mill creek
mountlake terrace
shoreline
snohomish




about
pay online
pricing
free rental analysis
rental search
contact
 






















to clients of




pro realty options has recently joined forces with gold brick property management and its affiliated companies, which include re/max town center, motto mortgage titan, and inspired homes.
with gold brick property management, you can expect the same exceptional service that you've come to know and trust from pro realty options, along with a wide range of additional benefits. our team of experienced professionals will work tirelessly to ensure your property is well-maintained, tenants are happy, and property owners' investments are preserved and enhanced.
we are dedicated to providing personalized service that exceeds your expectations. in the coming weeks, a gold brick representative will contact you to discuss your goals and objectives, so we can tailor our services to meet your specific needs.
thank you for choosing gold brick property management. we look forward to helping you achieve your real estate goals.
 










"joining gold brick property management is a great opportunity for the company and our clients. gold brick and its affiliates bring a world-class level of service to our clients helping them preserve and enhance their investments by using cutting-edge technology and processes. i couldn't be more excited."
-cindy chaves, owner of pro realty options















owner portal








tenant portal








hoa information








contact us








property search










 










quick linkstenants portal
pay rent
repair request
rental search
application process
move-in/move-out checklist
get in touch 15117 main street, b106
mill creek, wa 98012
425-438-3474

  
facebook




review us
 property management website design by doorgrow

 





copyright © 2025 gold brick property management. all rights reserved. 

sitemap | privacy policy
 











gold brick property management is committed to ensuring compliance with the americans with disabilities act, including incorporating the web content accessibility guidelines (wcag) 2.1 (https://www.w3.org/tr/wcag21/) and applying level a success criteria and conformance requirements. any concerns regarding accessibility can be directed to support@doorgrow.com. please find our website accessibility policy here. august 1, 2022









 













