








howard fienberg | lifestyle for every man






















































		skip to content








 





main menu
 


gears n wheelsfit n’ fabhome sweet homegoing placessuit up 



search for:





search
 



 

 
 







 


latesthomeresidential essentials for your next homebyhoward fienbergfeb 10, 2025as a homeowner, ensuring that your property is well-maintained and functioning optimally is essential. from air duct specialists to home painters, there are certain residential…
read morehomeways to make your house a dream homebyhoward fienbergjan 27, 2025transforming your house into the dream home you’ve always desired is an achievable goal with thoughtful planning and investment in the right areas. whether you’re…
read morehomewhat to expect during your tree service estimatebyhoward fienbergjan 11, 2025understanding what to expect during a tree service estimate can provide peace of mind and enhance your experience. whether you’re in need of tree trimming,…
read more


populargears n wheelscommon issues with old cars and how to deal with thembyhoward fienbergapr 9, 2022we all know how frustrating it can be when our cars show their age, and we begin to experience common issues. whether it’s a minor…
read moregoing placesa beginner’s practical guide to starting a car collectionbyhoward fienbergjun 12, 2021some people are inclined to collect items as a hobby. some of them collect small items like stamps while others prefer luxurious things like cars.…
read morehome sweet homehow to prevent people from tripping on stairsbyhoward fienbergaug 29, 2019it happens to a lot of people. one minute you think that you’ve seen the first rise in the staircase, and then the next minute…
read more


gears n wheels5 things you should know before buying a carbyhoward fienbergnov 17, 2023read morebuilding your garage: things you need to considerbyhoward fienbergmar 19, 2023read more5 tips for men owning a car for the first timebyhoward fienbergfeb 24, 2023read moresimple tips for maintaining your automobile at homebyhoward fienbergfeb 23, 2023read more


fit n’ fabbone wellness: tips and tools to keep you strong and uprightbyhoward fienbergmar 18, 2023read morein your 30s? what men should be worried aboutbyhoward fienbergfeb 8, 2023read moreself-care for men: treatments that improve well-beingbyhoward fienbergjan 10, 2023read morecommon mental disorders among menbyhoward fienbergdec 8, 2022read more





 







categories

fit n' fab

gears n wheels

going places

home

home sweet home

suit up

uncategorized


 

connect with us 

 




















 


recent posts


residential essentials for your next home


ways to make your house a dream home


what to expect during your tree service estimate


when do you need to worry about siding repair?


how to choose the right professional for your home repair needs


 









						copyright © 2025 howard fienberg | all rights reserved | sitemap 






























