



dictionary of occupational titles dot - job descriptions - www.occupationalinfo.org


















dictionary of occupational titles


















contents
>



0/1 - professional, technical, and managerial
+ -



00/01 occupations in architecture, engineering, and surveying

02 occupations in mathematics and physical sciences

03 computer-related occupations

04 occupations in life sciences

05 occupations in social sciences

07 occupations in medicine and health

09 occupations in education

10 occupations in museum, library, and archival sciences

11 occupations in law and jurisprudence

12 occupations in religion and theology

13 occupations in writing

14 occupations in art

15 occupations in entertainment and recreation

16 occupations in administrative specializations

18 managers and officials, n.e.c.

19 miscellaneous professional, technical, and managerial occupations




2 - clerical and sales occupations
+ -



20 stenography, typing, filing, and related occupations

21 computing and account-recording occupations

22 production and stock clerks and related occupations

23 information and message distribution occupations

24 miscellaneous clerical occupations

25 sales occupations, services

26 sales occupations, consumable commodities

27 sales occupations, commodities, n.e.c.

29 miscellaneous sales occupations




3 - service occupations
+ -



30 domestic service occupations

31 food and beverage preparation and service occupations

32 lodging and related service occupations

33 barbering, cosmetology, and related service occupations

34 amusement and recreation service occupations

35 miscellaneous personal service occupations

36 apparel and furnishings service occupations

37 protective service occupations

38 building and related service occupations



4 - agricultural, fishery, forestry, and related
+ -



40 plant farming occupations

41 animal farming occupations 02461defset6 42 miscellaneous agricultural and related occupations

42 miscellaneous agricultural and related occupations

44 fishery and related occupations

45 forestry occupations

46 hunting, trapping, and related occupations




5 - processing occupations
+ -



50 occupations in processing of metal

51 ore refining and foundry occupations

52 occupations in processing of food, tobacco, and related products

53 occupations in processing of paper and related materials

54 occupations in processing of petroleum, coal, natural and manufactured gas, and related products

55 occupations in processing of chemicals, plastics, synthetics, rubber, paint, and related products

56 occupations in processing of wood and wood products

57 occupations in processing of stone, clay, glass, and related products

58 occupations in processing of leather, textiles, and related products

59 processing occupations, n.e.c.




6 - machine trades occupations
+ -



60 metal machining occupations

61 metalworking occupations, n.e.c.

62/63 mechanics and machinery repairers

64 paperworking occupations

65 printing occupations

66 wood machining occupations

67 occupations in machining stone, clay, glass, and related materials

68 textile occupations

69 machine trades occupations, n.e.c.




7 - benchwork occupations
+ -



70 occupations in fabrication, assembly, and repair of metal products, n.e.c. related products

71 occupations in fabrication and repair of scientific, medical, photographic, optical, horological, and related products

72 occupations in assembly and repair of electrical equipment

73 occupations in fabrication and repair of products made from assorted materials

74 painting, decorating, and related occupations

75 occupations in fabrication and repair of plastics, synthetics, rubber, and related products

76 occupations in fabrication and repair of wood products

77 occupations in fabrication and repair of sand, stone, clay, and glass products

78 occupations in fabrication and repair of textile, leather, and related products

79 benchwork occupations, n.e.c.




8 - structural work occupations
+ -



80 occupations in metal fabricating, n.e.c.

81 welders, cutters, and related occupations

82 electrical assembling, installing, and repairing occupations

84 painting, plastering, waterproofing, cementing, and related occupations

85 excavating, grading, paving, and related occupations

86 construction occupations, n.e.c.

89 structural work occupations, n.e.c.




9 - miscellaneous occupations
+ -



90 motor freight occupations

91 transportation occupations, n.e.c.

92 packaging and materials handling occupations

93 occupations in extraction of minerals

95 occupations in production and distribution of utilities

96 amusement, recreation, motion picture, radio and television occupations, n.e.c.

97 occupations in graphic art work





o*net
>












glossary
dictionary of occupational titles (dot) index
standard industrial classifications (sic) index
occupational information network (onet) index
us census statistical tables
china statistical tables
worldfacts
quick maps (for your web site)
flags of all countries (for your web site)
digraphs - internet country codes
airport codes
seaport codes
about climate (+ glossary)
immigration superhighway
usa immigration site
espaã±ol
children
lawyers
e-mail
contents
link to this page
search
about
ita main page
feedback





						copyright â© 1995 - 2014 photius coutsoukis and information
							technology associates (all rights reserved). 
						revised 18-apr-14
					











































































dictionary of occupational titles







dot contents

onet occupational information network







0/1 - professional, technical, and managerial occupations
2 - clerical and sales occupations
3 - service occupations
4 - agricultural, fishery, forestry, and related occupations
5 - processing occupations
6 - machine trades occupations
7 - benchwork occupations
8 - structural work occupations
9 - miscellaneous occupations

glossary





							this is the complete dictionary of
							occupational titles (dot) revised fourth edition, as supplied electronically by the us dept. of labor, provided, as a
							public service, by ita, makers of dot and o*net for windows.
							you can find a job title and job description in a number of ways.
								to browse by job category, click on the contents tab above.
								to browse the alphabetical index click on a letter of the alphabet at left.
								or search for anything by clicking the search button above or the ? button at left.
							bibliographic citation
							national academy of sciences, committee on occupational classification
								and analysis. dictionary of occupational titles (dot): part i - current
								population survey, april 1971, augmented with dot characteristics, and
								part ii - fourth edition dictionary of dot scores for 1970 census categories
								[computer file]. washington, dc: u.s. dept. of commerce, bureau of the
									census [producer], 197?. ann arbor, mi: inter-university consortium for
								political and social research [distributor], 1981.
							related publications
							miller, ann r., trieman, donald j., cain, pamela s. and patricia a. roos
								(eds.). 1980 work, jobs, and occupations: a critical review of the dictionary
								of occupational titles (final report to the u.s. dept. of labor from the
								committee on occupational classification and analysis). washington, dc:
								national academy press.
								





copyright notice: please note that we have created the format of the web pages, but the content of this website was created, and supplied to us by the u.s. department of labor, so, all the occupational titles, codes and job descriptions are in the public domain. please feel free to copy and publish at will.
										


















dictionary of occupational titles (dot) index


standard industrial
										classifications (sic) index


occupational information network (onet) index


us census statistical tables


china statistical tables


world
										facts 

quick maps (for your web site)
									 

flags of all countries (for your web site)
									 

digraphs
										- internet country codes


airport codes
									 

seaport codes
									 

about climate (+ glossary)
									 

immigration superhighway
 
ita main page



							. feedback








      













url address of this page: https://occupationalinfo.org/index.html






usa immigration site
						| espaã±ol
						| children | lawyers | e-mail


							"immigration superhighway",
							"immigration central", "immigration assistant", "immigration
							expert", "immigration expert pro" and "immigration usa" are
							trademarks of information technology associates.
						
							copyright © 1995 - 2011 photius coutsoukis and information
								technology associates (all rights reserved). 
							revised 18-apr-11
						








