


scam o rama: the lads from lagos














why should scammershave all the fun?

125 scam letters like the one you got
press corner : reality check : faq : scam checklist
scambaits
government : ngo | backgrounders | business
news | cultural
funny | anti-scammage











submit


got a scam-o-gram? correspondence? link?
read the policy.


stuff

* the book

* subscribe & why you should



tweet




twitter : 
facebook



devotional objects




















serious links
government/law enforcement

nigeria customs service - 'don't be a mugu!' - video
section 419 (nigerian criminal code)
economic & financial crimes commission (ng)
nigerian government
nigerian embassy

ghana police bulletins
dutch embassy in norway (nl)
action fraud - uk attorney general's fraud reporting centre
london police fraud alert
us secret service
backgrounders

nigeria-related financial crime:links with britain - chatham house
australian institute of criminology
prosecuting nigerian fraud (pdf)
nigerian advance fee fraud
- us state department (pdf)
transparency international


business

arnaques immobilières [fr]
     (real estate scams)
nigeria business info
travel report: nigeria
    (canadian consular affairs)
us state dept. nigeria page 
us treasury dept. 419 page
west african criminal networksin southern africa
project 419 coalition
western union fraud awareness
wire transfer restrictions nigeria

news

nigerian date scammers caught in malaysia (youtube)
ivory coast cracks down on cyber crime
from nigeria with love
welsh version - no language is safe!
village ruined by scam
what a nigerian facebook scam looks like
palm beach airport sting nabs scammer
 	
outo petos käräjillä (3 nigerians charged for counterfeiting money; finnish)
lads impersonate uk justice secretary
canadian women fleeced
wash-wash cleans out canadian youth
lads from lagos target facebook
woman sentenced for aiding check scam
detenidas 87 personas en madrid
scholarly publishing scam
uk arrests in nigerian fake cheque scam
scammers on shutterfly
419 scam over skype  (private blog)
scammers rent out  other peoples' homes(private blog)
nz mum, son lose $200k
efcc raid on cybercafe (youtube)
check scam victim jailed
politicians sold 'corruption-free' certificates
elderly milwaukee man cleaned out
hard drive data milked by scammers
dating scam (kusa, denver)
victim shoots husband
politie pakt internetoplichters op
former ceo of credit union charged (usa)
i will eat your dollars (la times)
efcc makes conmen repay victim (bbc)
scammers keep working- down, down in festac town we go, my lad
nz grandmother sentenced
torture and murder by 419 gang (za)
australian embezzled for 419ers
e-mailfraudeurs nog steids acteef
lads in doom 3
church of the painted breast (uk)
nigeria arrests 500 (oz)
miljon-bluffaren - (sweden)
busted in pakistan
busted in ireland
cyfaddef cludo offer i dwyllo
  - (busted in wales)
canadian tv exposé
52 arrests in netherlands
chello helpt bij oprollen oplichtersbende
cbn decries scams in banks
pc builder takes 419ers for £171
nigerian consul murdered in prague
fraude bancaire
lad talks to wired
cybertruffa alla nigeriana


cultural/political/humor

foolscap
allafrica.com
babawilly's dictionary
black looks
elendu reports
the guardian
kwenu
motherland nigeria
nigeria daily
nigerian muse
nigeria village square
nigerian blog aggregator
nigeriaweb
nigeria weblog ring
online nigeria
419: death of a nation's aspirations
sierra leone web

lad gender issues
more to nigeria than the lads
who isn't who
- real people impersonated
frontline: links & resources
czech it out:
podvodné e-maily - 419 scam
the french connection:

revue d'escroquerie (vidocq)

spanish prisoner sendup - 1910



top


funny links



poetry! iambic scamometer
pittsburgh's 419 letter
which nigerian spammer are you?
419 haiku competition
flooble scam response generator 
419 baiter
adrein jones.com
bikeforest: pedaling for pancakes
bikeforest: reverend lugio
brad christensen
how to become rich dotcom
the enron version
escape to beestonia
j. cosmo newbery
joel mitt's junk mail in the trunk
scam phylogenetic tree
the p-p-p-powerbook prank!
the spam victim strikes back
scamarella
scambaiter haven
scambuster 419
snatchbeast: the love of azeez
snow and spam
timothy miles' love story
warm fusion
what's the bloody point

top


anti-scammers


pointers for scam baiters (ongoing)
419 eater
artists against 419

arnaque au logement/paris housing scamwatch
antispam.de
delphi faq - scam chat transcripts
foreign office special ops dept
419 hell
joe wein
mes amis les cyber arnaqueurs
nigerian anti-scam network
nottingham: scambaiting and me
scambaiter deutschland
scam patrol
scambaiting's world
sikkerhetstjeneste


hear no evil (deaf relay scams)


wordtravels (forum, dating scams)

top

tools


fake checks dot org
mailfrontier phishing iq test
urgent message.org



legal statements


legal page
privacy policy


copyright © 1999-2016 scamorama®. all rights reserved.

top







yes, it is a scam




this web site curates (hilariously unsuccessful) attempts at advance fee fraud.[if you're already hip, skip to the scambaits]

the sender claims to be a bureaucrat, banker or royal toadie, wanting to move vast sums into your hands, honestly or otherwise. there is no money to be moved - except yours. palms must be greased, imaginary legal documents must be acquired - with your money. a few k here, a few k there... eventually you get wise, and retire to lick your wounds. 


other versions of the scam play on your charity, loneliness, or naiveté (you can't win a lottery you didn't enter!). orphan, cancer patient, dead bank customer, phony job offer, overpayment with a cashier's check... same scam. you may be shown pictures of "money". same scam.

this site is devoted to the '419' scam - named after section 419 of the nigerian criminal code. most '419' e-mails come from west africa, chiefly nigeria, or nigerian expatriates (who happily scam other nigerians). 
although 419ers have their own style, their emails, which smack of political satire, contain elements harking back to 19th century european literature.


yes, it's a crime, but the letters are funny. read them out loud at parties and see. so are the responses.
[some people write  back just to waste the scammers' time. 
that is scambaiting, and the raison d'être for scamorama.]


the 125 letters below introduce the literary genre of the lads from lagos.
most readers say "what an obvious scam!". 
some say "i was almost fooled till i saw this site."
a handful say "couldn't mine be 'real'?"
welcome to the scamology. stay safe out there!



the first 125
you never forget your first 125. go on. you won't get lost.

request for urgent business relationship
son of urgent business relationship
trust fund for alms and ammunition
we did over-inflate the contracts
i am only trying my best not to be noticed by my government
... and 120 others




updates to scambaits
reverse chronological order. updates roll upward. some roll off.
see ongoing digests on the right -->
[the dead bank customer memorial page, etc.] -->
<green: especially fine anti-scams> 
<red: scam victims> 



2016
a marriage of convenience - ragnar lothbrok proposes to aisha gaddafi


2015
you're the joker round here - mal reynolds skypes with a dead bank customer banker
na na hey hey kiss him goodbye - koala rancher sheila bundee returns! parts 1 and 2 of the thrilling serialized epic!
a private dick - from the archives - somehow lost &  resurrected - the lads vs a genito-urinary surgeon.
the f-word 172 times - gomez adams law, crooked nurse, in a tale of betrayal! foul language! bearer bonds! a lou als1ndor epic.


2014
do not allow the devil steal your joy - marty mcsorley, crooked attorney, vs. the lads in a seven-week soap opera!
the painful fact or, now you've runed everything - goth supermodel cammy white calls down the wrath of freyja on a scammer - now with more jpegs! 
pretty vacant - youra nassol versus the fake job scam - you can trust him -  he's got a phd
a bolt from the blue - camilla parker fends off a combo  "lottery/fbi/the nigerian government owes you money" scam
a pleading of orphans - mal reynolds versus five lads, with recorded phone calls!
oh my god they killed kenny! - a two-month bait from alotta fosters, wealthy koala rancher
i have to do what is best for me - aesir-worshipping super-model camille white chats with a phony priest
a case of probate cancer - a brief but tasty tidbit from tushie
insert scam here - bro channels vladimir nabokov, saving up his pennies
smear it on - brother bro is too honest to accept a sudden windfall
all atricles are recommended in acconderly - the lads come to molokai! or do they? retiree lou al s1ndor versus lads on acid (apparently)
i don't like it times two! - malcolm reynolds versus a stranded orphan, in two parts, over a year - chat! recorded conversation! come for the mp3s, stay for the humor
i see bucks - tushie meshuganah and lonslo tossov, together again, in a variation on the inheritance format
it ain't ogah till it's ogah - mal reynolds and a contract scam - fake fake scammers! fake payments! bad graphics! no mercy...
a man of highly integrity - a moose stands betwen nigel ryan-schama and a dead bank customer's riches
i can kill you in spirit - lou al s1nd0r's two-year joust with a fake ambassador! (corrected link)



2013

please don't call me an idiot - lou al s1nd0r's crooked attorney battles with a scammer to rob lou'
gruffalo roam - secret agent tossov vs. cyndy ibrahim, orphan!
the wheels keep turning - lonslo tossov vs. a scammer impersonating a science publication
i ask that we should bury the hatchet - mal reynolds vs one disposable barrister after another
if you are still alive - scammer vs. tossov at the court of st. james revived after a year!)
nortified - lex talionis & a lad who won't take no for an answer
plus update to the german versions page (see right sidebar)
you can call me al - a naz tale in the making
cammy vs the contract killer - goth supermodel camille white and the bad samaritan
there is no god - lex talionis is a skeptic about religion as well as million-dollar offers out of the blue
much ado about something - chat fb avec un fraudeur se faisant passer pour professeur. scammer poses as teacher from old school
hand helps the hand to make it cleaner - olamide needs money for a 'metal cutting machine' to open a trunk box - a mal reynolds bait
hostel witness - tushie meshuganah & the orphan's inheritance (update)
some days ya can't give money away - alotta fosters in a 7-week chat with eucharia castle
take it on faith ii - nigel ryan-schama's four-month anguished love affair with loveth hutu
someone's life is on the line here - lou receives a lad's confession - updated with chat!
saving captain white - roscoe & cammy  versus imaginary orphan - now with extra lolcats! (updated)
the tables are turned - filthy mcnasty negotiates a loan with a scammer (updated)
you can bank on that - ben zona is tempted by the dark side
still waiting - lex talionis versus a remorseful oil minister (updated april 28)
drive me like motor - porn star stevieperv rammer versus dr orji (really)
you don't have to live like a refugee - captain manwairing is back!
updates to the languages (get yer indonesian on!),  iraq and a hard place, and dead bank customer pages
richard is available - lonely koala rancher alotta fosters chatted up by a scammer
the history of mr folly - aesir-worshipping photomodel cammy white vs. the dead bank customer gang - a six-month scambait - with a treat for h. g. wells fans
seed me - sir charles farnes-barnes of the foreign office vs. a phony investor
someone's life is on the line here - lou receives a lad's confession - surprising conversation with a scammer
may the farce be with you ii - tossov senses a disturbance in the force - in guangdong (updated)
cash only - raynaz vs phony hong kong banker
yusaplonka (east of wottawanka) - from the tossov archives, another chinese manufacturer of random stuff



december 2012
saving captain white - roscoe & cammy white versus an imaginary orphan - now with extra lolcats!
trouble in paradise - lou al s1ndor's 11-month bait, complete with conniving imaginary rival scammer
barging in - tossov is invited to a conference! there are fees, of course.


november 2012
the price of a double choc drumstick - odin-worshipping super-model cammy white vs a dead bank customer
battle for the bank - lou sindor (retired in hawaii) vs the dead bank customer format.


october 2012
amanda reckon with - from rabbi ben zona's archives, amanda the refugee
straight outta east docklands - or not - maryjane bongresin vs. a struggling student with alien abduction issues
you are noting but a fooooooooooooool - lou al sindor is anything but.


september 2012
water under a brisbane bridge - sheila bundee has a 7-hour chat


august 2012
if you are still alive - scammer vs. tossov at the court of st. james (updated 8/26)
customer care - rabbi ben zona hears from the u.n.!
take it on faith - nigel ryan-schama insists a scammer abandon his faith
ima nother - raynaz's friend was mugged and needs money to get home!


july 2012
the bait that wouldn't die - lou sindor's five-month foray against phony bankers (another "we owe you money you've been scammed out of" scam
oozing capital - rabbi ben zona in a "we owe you money you've been scammed out of" scam


june 2012
things of the earth are canal - beau d'acious vs a solomon islands cancer victim
sharp as an echidna - sheila the koala farmer looks for love in all the wrong places
oil on troubled waters - scammer poses as political militant


may 2012
not a prayer - lou sindor, 7 feet of scambaiter, versus fake barrister
donald mike redux - "donald mike" resurfaces, only to meet raynaz


april 2012
many a slip 'twist cup and lip - charles farnes-barnes receives a grant! and he didn't even apply for one!
dear landlord -  wheelchair-bound lovey howell answers bogus rental ad (updated april 29)
not in the cards - filthy mcnasty and an atm card loaded with moolah!


march 2012
updates to con-ferences and iraq pages, see right sidebar --->
money brother -  ralph ramburger vs. donald mike - fake ukrainian vs fake icelander
so long suka - nigel ryan-schama vs. 'lonely lady' scammer and bogus prelate


february 2012
social engineering - lonslo tossov hears from a lonely scammer
tough gig - billy bob stands to make a mint - for the price of a 120gb drive
the ogoni and the ecstasy - send a cow and some kola nuts - or just cash - a cammy white tale


january 2012
oga varit pa russki? or, red don? - arnold wanker ii is back (featuring the hit single, "you've been wanked")
the girl from block a001 - frank larzlo vs. miss malaria, an orphan 


december 2011
slam dunk - scammer lectures lou al sindor about charity
licked - short, very funny, not safe for work
white mischief - the lads meet whitey bulger
go loko - frank larzlo  makes a lovely western union form >:}
you people promised to send the money today - tushie and sir charles hear from a libyan refugee


november 2011
o brother wherefore art thou - nathan detroit spurns graft
it didn't jell - in a change of pace, lonslo tossov meets a nice russian girl
i will use my africa native juju to kill you there in your country - mal reynolds tries to help a scammer come out of the closet


october 2011
all that jazz - filthy mcnasty returns to claim secret boxes of cash at the airport!
a dark mass - do not offend the priest of pestilence!
how are things in mbalonga? - lonslo tossov and tushie meshuganah vs. a cancer victim (updated)
wanker redux - a new arnold wanker emerges, wielding a bottle of jim beam against scammers


september 2011
updates (at right) to the fake conference page.
updates (at right) to the sales job and cancer patient pages.


august 2011
blind luck - scammers offer to cure lewd noogie of his urges and he learns too late that you can go blind doing that. featuring the temple of the 7 stars of golden demon
the wind of dead humans - odin-worshipping photo model cammy white chats with a fire and brimstone evangelistic scammer. funniest chat ever.
if you want to send a message, use western union - frank larzlo, fruit exporter, seeks love with a scammer, but it ends with a western union flip-off


july 2011
and the horse you rode in on - filthy mcnasty's scammer loses his temper
howdja like them apples? - a fruit exporter runs the lads up a tree!


june 2011
there but for fortune - rabbi ben zona hears from a not-so-chinese fortune teller
the french conniption - dyslexic australian tourist guide bradley morrihan versus babelfish-dependent scammers


may 2011
quit monkeying around - rental scammer finds potential tenant, whose pet is a traumatized ex-circus chimp - what could go wrong?
not quite comprehendible - chester nutley vs. a phony banker - a nutleycorp production!
i always get two stupid americans - or, if you're noogie i'll be frank - a scammer lets her hair down


april 2011
spurious - rabbi ben zona returns to deal with a bank director
as french as i wanna be - daughter of laurent gbagbo appeals for help - anna de meanour answers!
am sick and tired of this whole long story - angry model cammy white versus the fbi
i am very disinclined - lascivia meretrix and solicitors, kenge and carboy, deal with a scam proposal (updated april 17)


march 2011
please, not the herbalist! - or, you will know that africa is not russia! lewd noogie and maya bushburn versus scammers


february 2011
a bit of botha - rabbi ben zona juggles two scammers at once
lying waste - sephiroth crescent receives psychic transmissions from the spirit of president omar bongo
last minute withdrawal - lonslo tossov in a sticky situation with a "chinese industrialist"


january 2011
holy orders - father martin voom recruits a scammer into the cult of cha! intrigue! alien impregnation! fake money orders!
final fallacy - sephiroth crescent versus scammers - and strife!
the final verdict - fake korean banker versus jack kervorkian
all in the cards - locksmith gabriel varden is offered a gift
what a croc - aussie ted bundee tries to help an orphan
playing it cool - lewd noogie vs. competing scammers. will the real idi amin dada please stand up?



november & december 2010
a message to you rudy - naz tries to help an orphan claim his inheritance
one lumpur or two? - tushie meshuganah tries to help a dying woman
what the dickens - solicitor conversation kenge receives a dubious proposition


october 2010
o brother where art thou - a priest marooned in the wilds of wales needs help
scamming qua scamming - harry butkrak tries to help a widow
real in love 4 u - dr. lonslo tossov hears from a pretty lady


september 2010
anglophony - lady groisse schmekl doles out her particular brand of charity
love is never having to say you're a mugu - agent tossov goes undercover as a custard magnate?
no amount is too small - lads raise money for flood victims in pakistan (not)
a loan again - arnold wanker gets a loan offer from a scammer
yaba dabba doo!!! - naz  doesn't cotton to scammers


august 2010
good grief! - capt. malcolm reynolds vs. charlie brown - a 'cascade' bait from the archives
she's just a girl who says that i am the one - lonslo tossov & cardinal richelieu help an orphan
all reet - reverend sir charles farnes-barnes helps a cancer patient
21 grams - fake movie producers invite harry butkrak to a red carpet event
connect the dots - lonely, rich baybinda woods hears from a nice young man


july 2010
a very short life  sperm - scammer with a tragic health issue vs. tushie meshuganah
this will not be a drill - agents tossov and ilichy vs. a bogus marine - czech it out! (updated july 15)
dead men don't talk - entrepreneur harry butkrak makes his entree into scambaiting
big wheel - anna demeanour and a transport minister


june 2010
hw much will u pay me 4 a start - rabbi ben zona vs. a chattered accountant -  8 months!
arnold the mystery shopper - arnold wanker gets a job offer


may 2010
i want both of us to be victorious - eliza dane gets kinky to raise money
all that glitters is not gold - lewd noogie and weiner crumbley love the same scammer
you know my name, look up my number - lonslo tossov (the flip-off!)
brave new world - a 'scientist at cern' warns lewd noogie about a black hole
sometimes a rose is not a rose - mal reynolds is back! all talking! all scamming!


april 2010
a tale from the notary republic - witold padarewski tries to help an orphan
rank, a boxing promoter scam from jonah varque
all mod cons, a rental scam from el papito


march 2010
night of the stupid dead living corpse, a bradley morrihan adventure
we are not talking about his idiotness - lewd noogie fends off the fbi and the un
have a little faith - a kindly genetic researcher wastes a scammer's time
put up your dukes - richard iii corrects a scammer's grammar


february 2010
new 'fbi' page: "just the facts, ma'am"  --> see the right sidebar
how nee not - as chinese as they wanna be (an anna demeanour tale)
i am having trouble understanding you -  reverend wally tightnuts ii
lava at first sight - looking for love in the chat rooms - smileys can tell lies!


january 2010
what a turkey - naz is back as mark e. de sade, laughing all the way to the non-existent bank
don't waist your time - an orphan's inheritance (featuring charles farnes-barnes) 
attila the lad - the lads try it on in hungarian
love at first byte - love on the interweb - a chat session, with smileys
there is no joy - a great deal on horse vaccine (arnold wanker tale)



december 2009
i am not hear for a joke ok - eliza dane and the passport of shame
i wanna be a money laundress - lads versus agnes slapper (a conor o'prolite adventure)


november 2009
your attitude is very bad - eliza dane is back - wyrd up!
i and i, or who na mugu bi?  - rabbi ben zona faces a bogus version of himself!


october 2009
time, and time, and time again - naz inherits money
this takes the cake - will rabbi ben zona get the crocodiles out of the mikveh?

september 2009
more than a fool - lord fuzzlewait's grand entrance!


august 2009
another gold-digger - witold padarewski and a scammer's imaginary gold
you are going me nuts, mr. noogie - lewd noogie and his barrister, idi amin, versus the "fbi"
awake and sing - dr. brinkman emerges from a coma


july 2009
green letter days -  an eliza dane drama in two acts
meet me in smegaroon - the lads want to invest in real estate
she's bad, she's bad - michael jackson's widow needs help
fawlty witt - basil fawlty vs. the lads


june 2009
in bengt we trust - lads vs. st. bengt of the church of the third relevation


may 2009
she took me in - stevieperv rammer chats with a poor student
will you every for once in your life be serious - eliza dane versus a rack of fake identities
our doubts are traitors - "john githongo" signs a pre-nuptual agreement (a lewd noogie adventure)


april 2009
join me on facebook - rental scams investivated by hanna selvbedrag
the madoff letter - it was inevitable
are you with me or not? - bradley morrihan has vowel problems [from team eliza]


march 2009
stupid scammer tricks - or, 10 reasons to not pay scammers pretending to be dave letterman
circumspection - rabbi ben zona of congregation rodef bubbameissah in a year-long tale!
p.p.p.p.s. it's a scam - witold padarewski staves off the lads
ciao bella, or vesti la mugu - cy gezunt is the heir of luciano pavarotti
magnum farce - lads based in malaysia try to scam willard fong (a naz adventure)
something smells in swabia - wehrmacht veteran harold stassen undermines lad morale


february 2009
your game is fake! - lady matilda gottrocks finds love and jeeves foils a scammer
slapmuguencia banzaia nervosa - a robin banks adventure
you are a church rat - mal reynolds doesn't like being jerked around, ok?


january 2009
family plot - mrs. arafat reaches out to a rabbi
[sorry for sloth... pause for american-centric moment: counting down to the inauguration... enjoying...]
apostrophe now - scammers target esther summerson - their prospects are bleak


december 2008
fresh - the lads mix it up with beatrice crocker
to each his dulcinea -  death threat, butchered french & spanish (conoro oprolite)
a half-baked proposal - tushie meshuganah inherits a fortune
no good end - dr. runny schitz,  proctologist, takes on a scammer


november 2008
dakar confidential - a geezer hears from a  lady in trouble (a naz adventure)
a friend in leed is a friend in need - tushie meshuganah hears from a mysterious investor


october 2008
please leave the chipmunks alone - joe smith gets a death threat
got rocks? - jeeves saves lady matilda gottrocks from a scammer
when life hands you a lemon - brother mark knopfler and a cancer victim


september 2008
the wall street bail-out version
help us help you - raynaz (as mark e. de sade) wants his money back - the efcc is here to help
hi ho, it's the loan arranger! - a "church" offers a  loan to odin-worshipper eliza dane
be a good girl always - 'contract killer' tries to frighten a child (conor o'prolite)
if you value your life send the money - "lewd" noogie starts a defense fund for a church
drop and give me twenty! - personal trainer jack bigstakk needs a loan


august 2008
laughing all the way to the bank - brother mark knopfler vs. a 'banker'
yes grasshüpfer - harold stassen vs. the  lads - fake newspaper! german and yiddish slang! cancer victim!
voo doo - agent fadgina obtains oaths of honor from the lads
the loan ranger - naz applies for a loan from the lads
i have had enough of your insult - mal reynolds's mystery benefactor


july 2008
i might just spear your life - c. o'prolite and a hired killer
winky wanky woo - lads vs. raf squadron leader
bleak lad -  lads try to fleece tom jarndyce
come on feel the illinoise! - puppy for sale  (naz adventure)


june 2008
what did you do with the nukes - goth eliza dane and brother ross of the australian sasr hear from a "u.s. marine"
käräoke für führer und volk - a new harold stassen adventure!
i'm beside myself - lady matilda gottrocks and alter egos sow discord among scammers
dung get me wrong - railwayman fleeing killers hears from a banker in togo
it tastes like chicken - accordionist larry welk leaves a bundle to a scammer


may 2008
lights, kamara, action! - dill dowe tempted by gold and young flesh (a naz creation)
a parlement of laddes - scammers tempt geoffrey chaucer with wealth
we can share the joy - eliza dane uses the f word a lot
the widow scambait - a bo kaow adventure


april 2008
remain blessed and swinging - brother mark knopfler and anoter cancer patient
big daddy's last unclaimed deposit - mal reynolds takes on the central bank of nigeria
don't false me to do stupid thing to you - lewd noogie vs. a contract killer & phony fbi agents!
odiri me, or going to the dogs - naz's inner teenager is offered a fortune - the flip-off!
i'll show you mine if you show me yours - lady agatha vs. a bogus chinese banker
spandau ballet - harold stassen as an ex-wehrmacht officer vs. the lads
this is your brain on 419 - naz hits the jackpot!


march 2008
saints and angels - can't a spymaster drink a custard liqueur in peace? lady agatha is not amused.
if the falafel look like gold - the lads get a hebrew lesson, habibi
pearls before swine - raynaz as pearl e. whytes gets a mean phone call from a scammer
born to rule - leadership lessons from mal reynolds (usmc, ret.)


february 2008
eat my shirts - the lads order t-shirts from raynaz
let us furge on - mikhail stroganov vs. a south african world cup bid official (not)
the unicorn farmer - scammers selling unicorns - for you, special price!
informed consent - will miss koromah enter dr. sweeney todd's renal harvest program?



january 2008
a mint on the pillow - sir marmite luny-binns receives a hotel reservation request
picture this - oily proposition from a "japanese" lad (bulgaria 1, nigeria 0 at halftime)
with god all things are possible - aggie nostick's scammer is in touch with the almighty
the importance of being ernesto - goth chick eliza dane, a drama in two acts
something wicked this way comes - agent  tossov finds that all that glitters is not gold
push it good - porn star stevieperv rammer recruits a lad
a princess is a delicate thing - orphaned princess meets lady fapina tyuksar
a bridget too far - randy rimmer vs. a hippo-molester



december 2007
moonshine over methland - can an imaginary girl find happiness in kentucky? (an arnold wanker adventure)


november 2007
your utterance is reprehensible - dr. sweeney todd returns
sir george and the orphan - capt. manwairing helps an unwanted female child
actions speak louder than voice - goth eliza dane & brother ross of the australian special air services


october	2007
happy trails - the lads puppy up for the adams family
thank you so much for the time wasting - malcolm reynolds upholds the honor of the corps
yorkie jerky - scammer selling puppy. meat factory? no problem (gene rayburn adventure)


september 2007
orphans r us (a marmite adventure) - how many times will a scammer ring room 419? - the flip-off!
u still love me? - princess candy vs prince emmanuel - 5 years - the end?
demon scambaiter of fleet street - the lads meet sweeney todd
b.usman's holiday - a foreign office-raynaz-dad's army joint production
a real charlie - 'prince charles' still chasing a recording contract with brother mark knopfler! 15 months


august 2007
scam trek - the lads meet captain picard on the holodeck
a visit to coronation street - the lads meet terry duckworth
going to the dogs - a lad's plea to adopt his puppy
bumped off - the lads meet a phrenologist
baby you can drive my car - marco sends the lads on four trips to western union! with a memorable pic


july 2007
you are slowing down our service - arnold wanker wins the lottery - fast cars, inflatable sheep
a fine finnish? - lads pretend to be chinese, russian, congolese, zulu, french and now finnish.but can they *answer* in finnish?
the agony of defeat - lewd noogie is back, in a triumph of alter egos. read carefully and pay homage.
united we laugh - from an international cabal of comedians - the foreign office, raynaz & co., brother mark knopfler, captain george mainwaring, phil munglers, and lewd noogie
the two faces of ernest hamburg - malcolm reynolds's weenie roast
the end is kind of nigh - will a royal orphan follow okershee holdergrass into his own personal hell?
the mugu and the model - 'frank bobby' meets eliza dane, goth model with a short fuse


june 2007
comes to you this day a scammer - the lads meet gunslinger roland deschain   june 30
there ain't no justice - malcolm reynolds faces justice
the mark of zahra - lewd noogie's dream of a home for playboy centerfolds unfolds
another job - made man ray nazmeani hears from a lad
for want of a dork - tushie meshuganah and a 'somali refugee'
fools russian - lads meet bernadette devlin - sometimes you get the bear
the lads do hampstead heath - stevieperv rammer, porn star


may 2007
risky free - the lads break it down for todd brown
check it out - the lads send a fake check to bobby mueller
silence of the lads - serge de nîmes vs. "jean pierre jospin" [fr/en]
the man with the golden keyboard - the lads meet francisco scaramanga
no bull - don't mess with the music teacher


april 2007
the price of justice - mal reynolds hears from a 'human rights' activist
yabba dabba doo! - a page right out of historee
lewd noogie vs. the over the hill gang - sheikh of the burning sands
a star isn't born - gene rayburn hears from universal studios lagos!
i'll show you mine if you show me yours - mikhail stroganov vs. azizi nwamka
o captain my captain - wily seadog capt. dumurra vs. a dead bank customer


march 2007
day of the cackle - eliza dane lays some goth on gbenga williams
bird on the wire - lads try to check in to the bates motel [french/english]
check this out - serious! "gene rayburn" helps get check scam victim out of jail!
saving grace - alex wale evangelizes for the church of the bush
he was a very humble man - goth gal eliza dane inherits a fortune
kool for katts (naz) - fritz, morris & garfield, bachelor javelina farmers,fending off the lads since october 2004!


february 2007
money for nothing - brother mark knopfler's crisis of faith
no mugu no cry - lads vs. the church of cannabis


january 2007
you are been conned - naz hears from a president
quod vimtos ed imperium vas deferens - sir marmite scores an oath
mirkins away - alex wale meets another taylor


~the scamorama holiday message~

december 2006
dressed for success - eliza dane's heart-warming holiday scambait
a blessing in disguise - malcolm reynolds and a lady in distress
dead again - alex wale gets two amazing offers
has your mortal coil been shuffled? (welcome okershee holdergrass)


november 2006
scammed in iraq - that lady in pakistan was a guy in dubai
yahhilaky wooheny - chat from south africa
evil fraud stars - rev. klucks seeks marital advice
beyond therapy - weiner crumbley - bartender/therapist - just met a girl named maria
things go better with coke - comrade ilya kuryakin wins a lotto!


october 2006
i see you as my brother - a scam goes on the fritz
stitching up the taylors - eliza dane versus three janes!
nunu no-no - eliza dane, australian pagan goth, vs christian lads


september 2006
i'm game - herrel foggs & barry lenner probe your rectitude.
absalutely not - from a turkish kindly contributor. more serious than usual
troletting all this sheet - lewd noogie's lad dies but the bait goes on - one year!


august 2006
ura nother - ura r sole likes her sigs sour
you are a thief but i will like to make you a friend now- lads try to recruit lewd noogie
the good book - stroganov gets religion?!
homage to caixo catalunya - love poetry and fake banks
the man from i ain't yer uncle - ilya kuryakin joins the fray
wake in fright at wolf creek - the lads meet mick taylor - drongolicious!
the wrath of microsoft - capt. slog (aka alex wale) wins the lotto


july 2006
scam-o-grams from absurdistan - mrs arafat and ariel sharon's doctor
best friends forever - meet wade munoogian, dabbler in weird science
great greene expectations - eliza dane vs. emmanuel greene
if brains were dynamite - capt. slog thais one on
nicked - nick tamaire versus les nuls - france 2, lads 0 in overtime
chris crossed - phil munglers vs cross chris - start your engines!
vengeance is mine - lewd noogie threatened by the hired gun


june 2006
when doves cry - lenner and foggs vs. another evangelist
many mouths to feed - "pedro martinez", everyone's favorite pitcher
dear,anybody - stroganov, munglers and lenner talk football (soccer)
bummed - menzies barrington loves lads
plumbing the depths - plumbing magnate barry lenner
claire d. lune, and the mfdwec+2 - naz hears from a cancer victim


may 2006
you are a great pilot - malcolm reynolds & another lad
stop stupiding yourself - turkey 3, scammers 0(i̇sminiz ne? benim adım dört bir dokuz!)
do it now! - racer takeshi fujiwara takes on two banks
please don't be worried - eliza dane returns!
golden dorks in the sunset - barrister hali signs the oath
may your ballcock never hang low - barry lenner vs. evangelist debra wealth
power of dead man's cash® - dr phil mccrackin's program for scammers
blessed benn - capt. slog vs blessed ben


april 2006
chelsea forever! - victor coulibaly blows it again. football chat, strong language.
nobody writes to the kernel - two people, four languages, one scam foiled
rude mechanicals - japanese racer phil munglers vs mrs bola
saving the planet -  environmental appeal from the niger  (foreign office exploit)
realio coulio - sir marmite obtains an oath from "victor coulibaly"
a rose is not a rose - the unkindly contributor returns.


march 2006
a rolex in the hay - jacques n. lebaux loses at love
peace out - racing champ munglers vs. allround nteje
spring training with the lads - pedro martinez's no-hitter against samson johnson
a tale of two danes - eliza dane, lewd noogie, a cameo by mikhail stroganov. a cast of several - no expense spared
dr who's on first - tom cobley returns as tobias vaughn. you belong to us. you will be like us.
ural i've got tonight - lewd noogie. a lad escapes north korea the flip-off!
we aim to misbehave - lads meet the crew of firefly


february 2006
a perfect match - will the lads invest in teleportation?
the widow amina falls in luu-u-u-u-u-uve! - 
naz is back! hot stuff
fishing of men - "rev. uche" swore the oath!


january 2006
and toto too - naz hears the worst pickup line of all time
dag nabbit - lads meet yosemite sam, dag nab it
go bears - lady agatha & weiner crumbley
dba gunn - ray & tommy gunn are back!
go speed racer  - phil munglers - foreign office production 



december 2005
most dangerous thoroughfare on the planet - a reginald t. buttquest adventure
operation amsterdam: flight of the wild rose
it's a small globe after all - lads phone the unkindly contributor
pull down the rainbow - it's lurve. samoosa the solar-powered sunlamp heiress.crudeness in afrikaans and english.
stop worshipping twigs - the lads meet manoel arpoador
dmitri the lad - mr. ludwig gets a slav-o-gram
"fbi" vs. the fraudstars - "fbi" lads contact lewd noogie


november 2005
international politricks - jack breda gets a political lecture
think positive - lads offer aids vaccine
tsunami scam letter - ongoing (sigh)
deep dudu - penguin stampede on the mojave
happy trails - cowpoke marion morrison hears from a lady in nigeria>
watching the dictatives (lewd noogie) - lads pose as efcc cops
the hariri page - the lads try character assassination


october 2005
luck be a laddie tonight - stew hawke meets lucky uba
the international endive king - simple mailing instructions
bolletjesslikkers hier - dubai dubai doo
boggarted - lads go to dark arts class
the matrix, or rinse, lather, repeat - rich lather vs. everybody


september 2005
shrinkwrapped - or, don't drink the kolade (a roger biggs adventure)
we're from france - the lads meet beldar conehead
how the west was won - foreign office vs. confused multiple personalities
and a partial score - lads zero - another lad tries to scam pedro martinez
i've lost my mojo - foreign office - weiner crumbley production
for form's sake (agent stroganov) -  after the flip-off


august 2005
foul tip - pedro martinez returns!
fellowship of the sting - the lads meet boromir
taking candy from a child (juan perez jr)
who's your daddy? - the lads meet pedro martinez and strike out
willy nilly - the lads meet dr. pandit, the kindly urologist
moonlight over musa (lewd noogie) - the flip-off!
bring out your dead - one part of virginia beach that is forever england
big bros - the unkindly contributor is not just another pretty face


july 2005
a man of respect - don roger biggs is very, very disappointed
circle the waggins - a simple married couple
no abacha left behind - a noogie-stroganov production in technicolor
what's your poisson? - ted kozinski wins the lottery
the once and future scammer - enter marty mcfly
chu get all that? (johnny knoxville) - six-month bait
the song of roland - oath achieved!
mrs abacha you've got a lovely daughter- the unkindly contributor
dueling caps lock - stroganov vs thankgod tobi - the flip-off
police yourself - lonslo tossov meets a police inspector - the kiss-off
hope springs eternal - rev. bob is back! finger-lickin' good


june 2005
khan job - 'don sanjay' back with more insults
hail to thee fulk u. - weiner crumbley doles out advice
lads in the house - scamorama offered a kickback by the british parliament!
scammers 4:19 - from the pulpit to your pit
hammer please don't hurt 'em - praise wayne gretzky!
tale of the worn out balls (lizzie borden) - eze, but not cheap


may 2005
can i get a witless - rev. dredlock
we are so not the efcc - lads pose as scam-busters
don't be deceive (unkindly contributor) - a warning from "mrs abacha"
when i want your epinion i'll ask for it
holding hands around the world
- the korean-swaziland-cuba-chechen connection
be prepared - scambaiting scout merit badge proposal
mine's smaller than yours - proofreading is important
as slavic as we wanna be - lioudmila gets a noogie
lads of the round table - lads meet lance du lac!
this makes me very angry - lads meet marvin marshyn
you're in the army now - captain manwairing returns
a day of rechnung - (de/en) sven vs. the lads
batman vs. the hulk - bruce banner vs. the lads
i'm dada (agent stroganov)
from tralfamador to your door - lads meet kilgore trout 
scammers of the caribbean - lads meet jack sparrow,  arrgh!


april 2005
and if you believe that - would a scammer buy the brooklyn bridge?
oil be seeing you - lady agatha vs. a tovarisch from lagos
if you're earnest i'll be franks - meet allbee franks!
lizzie borden meets the lads
four on the floor - johnson ndu vs. four people at once 
dr. strangelad - or how i stopped worrying and learned to love the scam
the oddity - six-month scambait from greece
how spupid of you to have fallen for our tricks - proud harvard dad lad
lads do vatican city - scammers pose as archbishop marcinkus
my boyfriend's back and you're gonna be in trouble - lads meet lois lane


march 2005
may the farce be with you - anakin senses a disturbance in the force
bless the bees - rev. bob meets "sharon stone". bzz bzz!
you are so not barack obama - agent tossov meets a "u.s. senator"
count me out - lads meet the count of monte cristo
ezeh does it - stroganov extracts another oath
when the scammers come marching in
- "christian youth conference"
can you hear me now? (lonslo tossov) -  lad waits at airport!
if you're earnest we'll be frank (sir marmite) - another oath!
obama is not in the house - a 419 letter from "senator barack obama"
moscow nights - lads team up with joe stalin
bowled over - camilla and charles meet the lads
reporting for duty - lads approach john kerry
touché - (dascritch ) - can you spell interpol? (fr/en)
kenn i get a witness? - stroganov vs. barrister kenn
to sirs with love - sir marmite, and sir charles double-team a scammer
they're grrreat! - lads vs. wilma flintstone


february 2005
mügü - german scam-o-logy / scammkeit auf deutsch
stand by your man - lad has $42m for a gay rights organization
scammer science theater 3000 - report from the gizmonic institute
common sense - lads recruit for freemasons
a body of work - julien makezela won't give up (us-spanish production)
race for the cure - lads sell "cure" for aids
from russia with love - "mrs. khodorkovsky" meets tom cobley
diamonds are a girl's best friend - dueling fake passports
you've got jail - ted kozinski makes a new friend
nothing like a dame (lady agatha)
houston you have another problem - lad  vs the unkindly contributor - again.porn! angry lawyers! messages from the beyond!
make money fast - lads offer scamorama wash-wash chemicals!
people who need people (soylent green)
naz does newark - lad abandoned in dumpster!


january 2005
schadenfraude: or, it's a zoo out there - lads vs. ceo of castle schönbrunn!
a rose is not a rose - lads meet "kofi annan"
adrian monk cleans up
on a mission from god (naz) - jake and elwood
the good, the bad and the ugly (noogie)  - smile, you're on candid camara! 
jumping through hoops - sigfried the lion-tamer 3, lads 0



december 2004
the perils of poge - the lads meet poge mahone
aliu say is a lie - lads meet hunter of mutant kangaroos
beavis vs. haddad - t.p. magnate helps lads liquidate investments
gluteus maximus overdose - christopher tennant's poem! 
crude oil chronicles - meet captain pugwash. ar.
this scam blows goats - johnny knoxville is back, both of him
princess margaret issues a warrant
rinse, lather, repeat (naz)
this is the electronic age (lewd noogie)


november 2004
mug punter ltd. - lads meet the ceo
the money awakes - sir charles v dr mabuza
go with god buzz buzz - church of the blessed beehive
springtime for the lads - max bialystock offers dr mabuza a walk-on part
dont talk to my maga no more (unkindly contributor) - 16-month bait!
the unabaiter
r u goin clubbin (princess candy!)


october 2004
world's friendliest lad - sir mark time and the blue sky mines ipo!
a life in service - lady agatha racks up another oath!
return of the romanovs - lads meet a would-be monarch!
give my regards to broadway - stalin wakes up briefly
casting call! - the lads want to cast you in "superman"
in a stew - our fiend raynaz vs. long list of lads
beware the tasmanian tiger - sir mark time, mining magnate! (what a pic)


september 2004
houston you have a problem (the unkindly contributor) 
- lads deep in the heart of texas. catch the wav daddio
lads army - meet captain manwairing!
the game's a foot (mikhail stroganov) - and in the red trunks, mrs shabangu
am ende des tages - mit apocalypse und schadenfraude
california dreamin' - lewis noogie wins a green card from the lads
dangerous liaisons - wally jersey heifer, nz's man of mystery
so you'll be picking up the money at western union? (perico) - 7 months!
guns and roses (another noogie-gram)
full moon over moscow - from russia with lewd (noogie)
absolut lad ("johnny knoxville")
you've got to scam a mugu or two (bill sykes/caractacus potts)
oaths r us - from annie's bar - straight no chaser
the mugu's too big - lads go down the telegraph road
i am not a joker (the dark knight)
dr. shipman will see you now


august 2004
lads go down the rabbit hole - with charles dodgson
everybody wang qin tonight little buddy - lads vs. the skipper
lads send xavier xalisio $100!    
lads join the church of the holy pineapple (captain pike)
do lads work on weekends? - a wizard of oz tries to join the business
tony mugabe emerges from the crypt
lads do the vatican rag (pontiff papageno)


july 2004
to the batcave!
fulk you (christopher tennant) - the lads check into kingdom hospital
the road to kotoka (l. d. noogie) - lads get a real writer!
lads join the g.o.p. !
let's fudge ahead - meet joseph stalin
attila th' hun is back - "charles taylor" finds scamorama
so long saka - mr. saka discovers scamorama mole in foreign office
tremble before dr. lizardo
dude, where's my laptop? - "michael dell" up by 5000 naira
georgia on my mind (lewis noogie)
silver dorks in the sunset (lord marmite)
always woumfo one more (dr. shipman) - "you think you are very clever , using many name and writing boolshit"
pet shop boys meet western union girls (christopher tennant) 
tell me more about your proposition, mortal  (dr. lizardo)
you are a foo (crude)
the stuff scams are made of (movie clip)
a ship in wolf clothing (brother samuel vimes)


june 2004
peyton westlake place (darkman)
lay off of my blue suede shoes
the last dishonest sports show - stroganov talks soccer
dr acula runs the blood bank (c.r.a.p.)
kenneth contre kenneth - dueling scammers
urguly pic - lads in lingerie
nasty mean and morporkian (brother samuel vimes)
lads come to dunce inane


may 2004
lads meets comrade lykaon (greece)
down by lad (reynolds rap records)
ilichy meets a princess!
a tale of two baits - scammers double-teamed in brussels! photos!
play ball (naz)


april 2004
scammed in kenya
i heard ya got religion (samuel vimes)
watch me pull a rabbi out of my hat (naz)
keeping up with the cojones (capt. pike)
lads in space - nigerian astronaut marooned!
c.r.a.p! - dr. billy rubin returns
man the walmarts! - nigeria west of winnemucca?
over 1000 mugus served!


march 2004
grace and peace and love from princess candy
419 dalmations - dog breeder scam
talk the talk - the lads don't speak sango
an orphan meets jacques n. lebaux (aka naz)


january 2004
whale of a tale
forsiktig! a norwegian version
england swings - lads meet baron ian spanque
lads meet captain ahab
lads join the amish order of the weasel



december 2003
lads meet darkman
lads learn about loch ness
netherlotto a nasa front? or vice versa?
a good shearing in tallygaroopna
liberté, egalité, stupidite - fin!
lady agatha is a rusty, pink pig
anti-fraud fraud


november 2003
guy fawkes conspiracy
you will scream like a horse (the unkindly contributor)
west dakota 2, lads 0 (juan perez)
jakob gott-dam (denmark)
colorful exchange (princess margaret insulted)
c'est quoi le truc - rage against the machine translation
news from ust-kamenogorsk - lads learn kazakh poetry
never you write to this address again you monkey (latvia)
see you in kort


october 2003
meet casey jones
the mr t experience - pity the lad who calls buckingham palace
vengeance is mine saith "winny mandella"
my daughter is ever young - princess candy vs. n. d. collins
liberté, egalité, stupidite
nostradamus 4, lads 0
amadan - seamus o'paddy teaches the lads gaelic
your days are numbered
i can't hear you now - i've got pencils in my ears (really)


september 2003
truffa per voi 
last tango in ladland? (samuel & natalia)
the jeeves version
liberté, egalité, scamosité
confederacy of lads
dragooned by captain flashman
if i am your husband, i will hate and dispise you
thunder over torskikkel (scandinavia)
you have 250 hours to become a dead man
mugun.exe - the binary
scammomama la superbe (france)


august 2003
packing them in - warning, crude graphics
skamtrak™ - the policeware (south africa)
muster the mugus - dr eze vs the super mario brothers
eeny meeny chilly beany - scam by telepathy
deep throat in a cybercafe
singapore up by 500 naira
meet cosmonaut "lad" hunter (germany)
silence of the lads
danny the footballer threatens to sue
more insults


july 2003
teenage wasteland
ankh more pork (argentina)
iama dildo (the pic)
down for the count


june 2003
harry potter and the cauldron of scams
this scamming life - danny wants to try out for manchester united
the bitter mind 2 - vs the unkindly contributor - again. mwah hah hah
the bitter mind 1 - stalks the unkindly contributor
danny the footballer
johnson devilish harlot person - a bitter mind
meet natalia sturgeon (argentina)
as the schnitzel turns
take the sagbama road - get off at mi-5
lads recruit dudley doright


may 2003
the miskatonic university tales:
meet the brilliant prof. mallory
lads beaten by a head in a jar
lads apply to miskatonic u.
and
send the f***ing bank details
i pity a fly that does not listen    will die in the grave with the corpse
fool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
if you're not dutch you're not much


april 2003
hinduism 101 - attachment and greed are against the dharma
scammed in england - who is silvia? what is she?
little shop of scammers
the dead bank customer redemption
a cup of java


march 2003
fleurs du scam
scammed in north carolina
meet lonslo tossov
scammed in israel 
scammed in malaysia
a love story in four acts - meet dopp bob
no xbox for lady agatha


february 2003
herky jerky - breakfast of anti-scammers
the king lear version
malnupulations - agent ilichy
you might be a mugu if... - the al bundy questionnaire
the sneek - meet mikhail stroganov


january 2003
unobtainium
the dubya version
u o me - say the lads
lord of the rings version
the lads meet santa claus
the lake wobegon version
the ladfather - meet giorgio betonshu
the scammish armada
- hrh margaret vs. jonathan mokoena, for an xbox



december 2002
greetings from ja: ilichy vs. jame peter ja 
- of orphanans of london
dr omu insults the british royal family
your ancestors are muguses - meet dr. e. koli
lads do norad 
- review specs on the aim-120 advanced medium range air to air missile



november 2002
tales from the crypt - bamba vs. imhotep
capt. stabbin on the high seas (u.k.)
the curse of bamba - beware the wrath of judge judy
my insult's bigger than your insult - bad  language
there's gold in them thar hills (usa)
- the pierpont project gets gold out of a lad
let's not go get stoned - sharia even scares the lads
dark shadows over sagbama express road - barnabas collins meets the lads
meet oliver flanagan



october 2002
louise lutefisk encounters scammer "butle young" under three personae:
louise lutefisk as ulysses everett mcgill
louise lutefisk as anna nicole
louise lutefisk as ankh su namun
and
jack breda vs. son of savimbi (netherlands)
dr. pakmesakkie and his giraffe (netherlands)
scammed in latvia
why did you report to the scam website - agent ilichy
lads vs. yoda - he small but not stupid is


september 2002
the colonel writes to the lads - col. sanders that is
catching kutis, or dominatrix d dumped
- by raymond kuti for sending his letters to scamorama
ouagadougouery - stu hawke pulls a triple-header
the lads write to the colonel
fear the lutefisk - the lads catch a virus from louise


august 2002
don't have a scam, man (quebec) - bart simpson +$5, lad -$5
the czech is in the mail  - meet agent ilichy
juan perez munoz de barata tudela loveday
big mac is back - with will hoseya, counsel to enron and worldcom


july 2002
dominatrix d - still looking for that wedding ring
dorito bambini - the man, the legend
the emir of bahrain did not write this letter
ghana sit right down and send myself a letter


june 2002
dominatrix d gets dumped (poland) 
- by tom tutu for sending his letters to scamorama
up the creek with dr. sheffield
inagada davida
you deserve a break today (big mac)


may 2002
queen takes pawn - a deceased royal hears from a scammer


spring 2002
death by umlaut (smurfs 5, lads 0)
mr. bruno the italian man
anti alkusukas (finland rules)
afrika yatirimcisi (turkey rocks)
princess margaret's death exaggerated
flying lad meets crouching anti-scammer
fannerman's plastic fishing worms
josephine diddy zei gezunt fannerman or love blooms
astro jetson



winter 2001-2002
hey ahmed (sierra leone)
the eyes say yugoslavia but the header says nigeria
dumbest criminal on the planet (philippines)
luke skywalker
fannerman gets the flip-off


fall 2001
arnold fannerman's brilliant entrance
the lads take up gay rights
- how ya gonna keep them down on the madrasa after they've seen paree?
nottar cloo - aristocratic counter-scammer
the mask comes off (kenya)
scammed in oz  - met the lads, but it cost him
isa kaita letters - and so it begins




the book!!!



~scam-proof a loved one~


rave reviews
press/media
compliments




misc. wisdom
walking the hyena 
crossword puzzle
who would fall for this?
faq
scam checklist
check scam tutorial



ongoing 'format' compilations



languages
português! deutsch! dansk! español! türk! italiano! polski! croatian!  indonesian! svenska! nederlands!
(feb 17 2015)



job scam digest
(feb 17 2015)



français: scamalicieux
(the french collection; arnaquerie bilingue)
(feb 17 2015)



just the facts, ma'am
(scammers pose as fbi)
(feb 17 2015)



three kings
(lads of baghdad)(feb 17 2015)



dead bank customers
(feb 17 2015)



cancer (2014)
(updated may 12)
cancer (2013)
cancer (2012)
cancer (2011)

[cancer (2010)]



rental scams
(updated dec 25 2015)
some reservations
(hotel/rental scams)
- inn keeper case study
- poles apart (jan 13 2012)
- roommate scams



whole lotto nothing
(lotto scams)
(feb 8 2014)



con-ferences
(bogus conference invitations)(sept 18 2013)



deutsch: scammkeit
german versions (wird fortgesetzt)
sept 8 2013



sms from a scammer
(aug 7 2012)



scam loan offers
(may 9 2012)



sales job
fu li rong's adventures selling online (sept 20 2011)



airport lads
'diplomats' waiting at the airport with money (july 6 2011)



slav-o-rama
(lads from lagosovic) 
(jan 19 2011)



mugu gai pan
asian dead bank customers (december 18 2009)




the patrick chan page
as chinese as they wanna be  (october 22 2008)




loans from the lads
(july 21 2008)



pay me or die
(the contract killer letter)
(feb 8 2008)



try this on for size
(i'm not terri irwin)
(may 26 2007)



love notes from the lads [crude]
(april 30 2007)



fake bank web sites
(nov 25 2006)



sales job
(online sales scams)



show me the money
(pics of 'money')



foreign office oath gallery


chat transcripts

much ado about something (7/13)
richard is available (3/13)
water under a brisbane bridge  (9/12)
the wind of dead humans (8/11)
lava at first sight (2/10)
love at first byte (1/10)
i need change (2/08)
i got you babe (2/07)
wat are firends for (8/06)
son of x president (6/06)
u doubt me or what? (5/06)
don't stop baby (5/06)
instant message gonna get ya (5/06)
are you a hussler (lads recruit)  (2/05)
what's the buzz  (2/05)
in the chat rooms with the lads (11/04)
nigeria s in africe but germany s in europe (6/04)
would you like chat with that (3/03)
lads invade instant messenger (3/03)


performance art/music/video/poetry

plymouth cliffords is in the money!
benny valencia vs tom custardo
this american life: hanging in chad - a scammer's journey

blog talk radio: scambaiters
scammers dead parrot sketch!  - shiver metimbers project
efcc police raid cybercafe  - (youtube)
from bad to verse - poetry
i go chop your dollar (video)
419 state of mind (mode 9) (mp3)
419 squad - "afropean" rappers
mc frontalot (mp3)
the dean cameron - victor isaac show
gwammi mufasta (video)
z e frank -spamologue (video)


sponsors

smegaroon




vacation spot for the discerning spy
book your getaway now!


foreign office mugu survey




rest, relaxation, contemplation



this is the bottom - try 
the top




