


chiropractor cincinnati, mt. carmel, summerside oh














381




skip to content
request appointmentoffice hoursoffice hours   morning afternoon  m 8:00  - 12:30  2:30  - 5:30   t -------  w 8:00  - 11:30  2:30  - 5:30   t ------- 12:00  - 5:30   f 8:00  - 11:30  2:30  - 5:30   s -------  call (513) 528-2200  email usgoogle social buttonfacebook social buttonwellness social buttoncall (513) 528-2200


menuhomeabout us

blog


dr. matthew haumesser
our services

chiropractic care
massage therapy
nutrition and wellness
auto accidents


new patients

new patient videos


reviews
contact us

the scheduling app




eastern hills chiropractic
















experience personalized care at eastern hills chiropractic
discover the power of gentle, focused, and natural chiropractic care for the entire family. we can't wait to help you express your true health potential!


meet the doctor
our services
new patients
contact us


cincinnati chiropractor gets you results
while traditional medicine takes an outside-in approach using drugs and surgery, chiropractic is based on the understanding that healing comes from the inside out. with chiropractic, there are no side effects that can occur with taking a pill. since he began practicing in 2000, cincinnati chiropractor dr. matthew haumesser has been passionate about helping patients achieve better health, naturally. at eastern hills chiropractic, we provide customized and noninvasive solutions to help you feel great!

chiropractic care
massage therapy
auto accident
nutrition & wellness


fostering healing and optimal health
when there's a subluxation or impingement on a nerve, dr. matt can remove that interference so the body can heal as it was designed to. by eliminating that subluxation, people can become healthier and start living the life they're supposed to. we have treated a variety of health concerns from headaches and migraines, to asthma and allergies and many more.
discover more about dr. matthew haumesser >>










taking the time to care
at our warm and friendly practice, you will be made to feel like family. your concerns will be fully addressed, and you’ll never feel rushed. it’s essential that we forge connections with our patients and let them know how much we care.












providing a range of services
from chiropractic care and massage to nutrition counseling and auto accident care, we offer an array of services to help our patients live healthier lives. though we sometimes see patients at their lowest level, it's gratifying to see them leave (when their care is complete), at their highest point.





testimonials
i noticed improvements immediately after first sessions and continue to see improvements with each session.- jerry e.very happy i made my appointment with you. my back hasn't felt this good in a long time.- brian m.this office is one of the most comprehensive chiropractic offices i have ever been to. thank you so very much for all of your knowledge, care and understanding.- lucy b





promoting a wellness lifestyle
we encourage patients to take an active role in getting better, which is a process, not an event. in addition to coming in for regular chiropractic adjustments, it's essential to exercise, eat nutrient-dense foods, stay positive and more. it's our desire that you consider us a valuable partner in your journey to optimal health.



schedule your free consultation today!
discover how fantastic you can feel with natural and effective chiropractic care. contact us today to book an appointment with chiropractor cincinnati dr. matt!

phone: (513) 528-2200
684 old state rte 74 cincinnati, oh 45245
contact us >



office hours   morning afternoon  monday 8:00  - 12:30  2:30  - 5:30   tuesday -------  wednesday 8:00  - 11:30  2:30  - 5:30   thursday ------- 12:00  - 5:30   friday 8:00  - 11:30  2:30  - 5:30   saturday -------  call (513) 528-2200  


chiropractor cincinnati, mt. carmel, summerside oh 


google icon link


facebook icon link


yelp icon link







email eastern hills chiropractic




comments, requests, questions, or suggestions



first name
last name




respond to me via:



email





phone





no response





email address
phone number




i agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. for more info, read disclaimer.
please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.





i consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. for more info, read our privacy policy.


leave this empty:
send message







request appointment (pending confirmation)





patient type



new patient





current patient





returning patient






first name
last name



email address
phone number



respond to me via:



email





phone





preferred day/time:


date


appointment hour

h
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12



appointment minute

m
00
15
30
45




am or pm



am





pm







comments or questions




i agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. for more info, read disclaimer.
please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.





i consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. for more info, read our privacy policy.


leave this empty:

send message








share on twittershare on facebookshare via emailrequest appointmentemail useastern hills chiropractic
684 old state rte 74cincinnati, oh 45245
		phone: (513) 528-2200copyrightlegalprivacyaccessibilitysitemap


chiropractic websites by perfect patients


