

tango on baseball












tango on baseball





support my research by buying my book. the book—playing the percentages in baseball.
welcome to the tango on baseball page.  if linear weights, run expectancy, and runs created mean something to you, if you are a fan of pete palmer or bill james, then you've come to the right place.  this is just a dumping ground for research or reports that i've done, and people might find interesting.  one day, i will post all my research here.
you can also contact me at tangotiger@yahoo.com .
all information is here for you to use for your own purposes (download away).  you can share all this information, but please attribute me.  you cannot generate any kind of revenue, income, or barter by reproducing or sharing this information.  all materials copyrighted.





the book -- blog 
 the 2008 scouting report - ballot (aug, 2008)
changing on the fly rule changes (apr, 2008)
with the game on the line, i want... the great clutch project (apr, 2008)
changes in home run rates during the retrosheet years (feb, 2008)
fielding aging curves (feb, 2008)
the 2007 community forecasts - ballot (mar, 2007)
the 2006 scouting report - results (oct, 2006)
the secret recipes of leverage index  (may, 2006)
the complete leverage index chart  (may, 2006)
win expectancy and leverage index now on fangraphs.com!  (may, 2006)
relievers and the three-run save  (apr, 2006)
pitching around batters  by andrew dolphin (apr, 2006)
what is manny really worth  by mitchel lichtman (mar, 2006)
forecasting 2006  (feb, 2006)



















research
table of contents

base runs (and linear weights)
crucial situations (win expectancy and relievers)
dips
fielding
fans' scouting report
linear weights (and run expectancy)
projections & trajectories
runs & wins
sabr 101, 201, 301
various
win shares
workbooks

 








    base runs (and linear weights)


    how are runs really created
    

        article 1
      


        article 2
      


        article 3
      

    an in-depth look at runs created, linear weights, and baseruns




      baseruns
    

    addendum to "article 3" of the primer article on "how runs are really created".  it's the full gory technical formula.  i suggest you stick to david's simple and elegant formula for most cases.




      custom linear weights
    

    using david smyth's revolutionary baseruns work





      chart of custom lwts values
    

    cool chart of the above data




    ops: begone
    

      part 1
    


      part 2
    

    using baseruns to set the limits to ops.











    crucial situations (win expectancy and relievers)
    



      are managers optimizing their best relievers?
    

    how are current-day managers using their best relievers.  a special look at the yankees as well.



    breakdowns
    

      blyleven's leveraged index
    


      blyleven and morris's li
    


      how were gossage and sutter used?
    


      shuey and stanton
    


      urbina, leveraged
    

      how did various pitcher perform in various fire levels?





    crucial innings
    

      article
    


      chart (pdf)
    

    what are the most high-leverage single pa situations?  using win expectancy and the inning/score/base/out matrix, we find the answer.  look for the cool chart at the end.






      relievers leverage the hall of fame
    

    using leveraged index, how do bruce sutter, goose gossage and lee smith stack up to the great starters.





      win expectancy chart
    

    the chance of winning the game with a 1 run score differential in the 7th or later innings, with all outs and base situations.  mathematically generated.




    walking barry bonds
    

        . when to walk barry bonds, giants on road
      


        . when to walk barry bonds, giants at home
      

    using win expectancy, and not run expectancy







    dips



    batting average on balls in play, by team/park,
    

      1974-1990
    


      1999-2002
    

    don't trust those der numbers, without adjusting for park.




      defensive responsibility spectrum
    

    breaking up the responsibility between fielders and pitchers, and introducing fip-runs for pitchers.




      dips bands
    

    a look at how good pitchers are at preventing hits on balls in play, compared to their teammates, by different levels of bip.




      dips 2001 v1.1
    

    a look at the leaders and trailers, using voros' dips ($h) concept




      dips for at least 175 wins, born since 1900, through 2000
    




      dips for top 20 in wins, born 1949-1968
    






    fielding




      evaluating catchers
    

    a revolutionary approach to evaluating catchers.





      uzr, cin, 1999-2002
    




      uzr, 2000-2003, min 120 games, by player/position
    




      uzr, 1999-2003, true talent levels
    






    fans' scouting report




      the project
    


      the 2005 scouting report, by the fans, for the fans
    


      the 2004 scouting report, by the fans, for the fans
    

    how hardcore fans since the fielding traits of mlb players.




      the 2003 scouting report, by the fans, for the fans
    

catcher report

3b report

1b report

most similar fielders

best and worst tools in baseball






    linear weights (and run expectancy)




      linear weights by men on base
    

    since not every hitter faces the same number of opportunities to move runners over, it's obvious that each type of hit is worth differently based on those men on base conditions.





      linear weights by men on base and outs
    


      linear weights by men on base and outs, 99-02
    

    same as above, but with the 24 base-out states





      linear weights ratio
    

    a rate-type stat using the linear weights concept




      run expectancy matrix, 99-02
    




      run frequency  matrix, 99-02
    






    projections & trajectories




      aging patterns
    

    i discuss some analysis techniques, along with how to look for aging patterns, specifically by ignoring the player's last year of his career.





      aging patterns, by components
    

    a quick look as to how hitter age, by hr, walks, sb, etc.




      aging patterns and selective sampling
    

    being careful how to create your forecasts




      banner years
    

    can we look at banner years to determine a new established level of performance?  no.





      do speedsters age differently than leadfooters?
    

    a quick look using my version of similarity scores.





      felipe alou
    

    how players perform with alou.  are they more aggressive?  no.




    forecast 2003
    

        . introduction
      


        . the picks
      


      . the results - part 1
      


      . the results - part 2
      

    i ask 6 forecasters to use their engines to predict the ops and era of the 32 hardest-to-forecast players.  i ask 165 primer readers to make those same predictions by the seat-of-their-pants.  i create a baseline that is based on the last 3 year's performance.  at the end of 2003, we'll see how everyone did.





      forecasting pitchers - adjacent seasons
    

    trying to establish the aging patterns for pitchers, by component.





      the 2005 marcels
    

    forecast for the 2005 season.





      why i hate mles
    

    i have an (amateur) 5-point checklist that i use to evaluate a scientific study.  i apply these points to look at issues with minor league equivalencies (mles).



espn - balancing the draft between college and high school pitchers






    runs & wins



    runs to wins converters
    

        . part 1
      


        . part 2
      


        . part 3
      

    a chart of pythagoport, pythagopat, and the tango distribution.








    sabr 101, 201, 301




      sabr 101 - relative and absolute scales
    

    some useful material to be aware of regarding marginal and total utility.  this information is critical.




      sabr 301 - pitch counts - part 1
    


      sabr 301 - pitch counts - part 2
    


      sabr 301 - pitch counts - part 3
    


      sabr 301 - pitch counts - part 4
    

some thoughts on pitch count estimators

    how to estimate pitch counts.




      sabr 301 - talent distributions
    

    theoretical distribution of talent.  when you consider the playing time, the distribution is rather typical.




      sabr 301 - top 4 starters
    

    number of starts made by the top 4 starters.  cool chart at the end.










    various




      clutch hitting
    

    does clutch hitting exist?  yes!




      let's contract two different teams
    

    a tongue-in-cheek look at what two teams we should contract, but with a very real reason as to the imbalance that currently exists.




      runs produced
    

    you have to take off the hr in r+rbi.  no question about it.





      sosa, 500
    




      taking the extra base
    

    a look at where the runners and batters end up, on various hit/runner/out situations.









    win shares




      part 1
      
      explaining bill james' win shares
    

    bill james is actually embracing linear weights, but he doesn't realize it.




      part2
      
      bill james just doesn't get it
    

    i defend linear weights, and i try to explain win shares in one paragraph.




      part 3
      
      win shares and loss shares
    

    the last in my trilogy.  and this time i actually make some useful suggestions for a better evaluator.





      win shares discussion with rob wood
    

    1.3 mb pdf document.








    workbooks




      clutch data
    




      tango distribution (program)
    


      tango distribution (discussion)
    

    the exe file that generates the expected win% given two teams' r/g.








 




