









cad tutorial books cadd primer









cad for beginners 
mailmax publishing: cad books. free cad 
              tutorial


click 
                here to receive  
free 
                cad book








cadd 
                primer is a beginner's reference book on computer aided design 
                and drafting (cadd 
                and cad):
cad 
                is a computer graphics software that is commonly used to make 
                architectural and engineering drawings. this book describes the 
                general 
                principles of working with cad that can be applied to all 
                the leading cad programs. 
a 
                major portion of this book is free. 
                you can download more than 70 pages of useful information that 
                describe cad terms, principles and applications. 
refer 
                this book to others, earn 50%
online autocad training...learn more... 




one 
            of the leading educational associations international technology education 
            association (itea) has suggested cadd primer among the "books 
            to consider" in their technology education journal: "the 
            technology teacher" (oct. 2001 issue).
this 
            highly recommended guide to computer aided design and drafting (cadd) 
            is an invaluable reference for learning cadd. whether you are planning 
            to take formal cadd training or would just like to get a quick overview 
            of cadd, this book is for you.


cadd 
            primer is written in such a simple format that even non- technical 
            people can understand it. regardless of whatever profession you come 
            from, you will find it informative, useful and interesting. it contains 
            concise and to-the-point information that is applicable to all leading 
            cadd programs.
this 
            web site is dedicated to cad education and contains hundreds of links 
            to the cad industry including cad books, magazines, software, user 
            groups, cad organizations. 
why 
            this book is for you: see 
            preface.

 features of cadd 
          primer



describes 
                what cadd is, what it can do for you and how it is best used.
 
                introduces hundreds of common terms used in cadd.
 
                illustrates the concepts of working with cadd using a number of 
                exercises.
 
                introduces a number of advanced techniques and shortcut methods 
                used by professionals.
 
                contains a comprehensive listing of leading cadd programs and 
                important cadd resources on the internet.



join online autocad training...learn more...  
about the author


vijay 
              duggal 
              is a graduate in architecture with more than 10 years experience 
              using cad in architectural firms in new york. he has put this book 
              together after consulting with a number of cad professionals and 
              teachers. acknowledgments
member: 
              american design drafting association (adda), cad society and us 
              national cad standard committee of national institute of building 
              sciences (nibs).


 what others are saying about cadd primer


mr. 
              david byrnes: cad systems magazine (june 2000)"cadd 
              primer is a fine introduction to the field of computer-aided drafting 
              and design. its discipline- independent, 
              platform-independent and program-independent coverage has something 
              for everyone, from the prospective pro/e modeller on her unix workstation 
              to the prospective formz designer on his macintosh. and if you’re 
              no longer a "prospective" cadd user yourself, you probably 
              know someone who’s starting out in the field. do them—and maybe 
              yourself—a favor, and give them a copy of cadd primer." read 
              complete review
mr. 
              tony zilles: editor cadinfo.net magazine (oct. 2000):“the 
              cadd primer is an ideal book for high school or college-level study 
              of cadsystems. it is also suitable for those considering cad for 
              work or hobby use but who are confused or intimidated by the technology 
              and the jargon that goes with it. the cadd primer contains all the 
              information that very quickly becomes second knowledge to those 
              who use cad systems on a regular basis. most "old hands" 
              learned the information the cadd primer contains over many years. 
              for the new recruit, the body of "must-have" basic information 
              presents a great hurdle within itself, even before learning a particular 
              cad program and the discipline that you intend to use it with. all 
              the basic information anyone could need is available, accessible 
              and affordable in the cadd primer. highly recommended.”
read 
              complete review

midwest 
              book review, wisconsin bookwatch (august, 
              2001): "an 
              invaluable, user-friendly how-to manual....cadd primer is a unique 
              and highly recommended addition to any professional or architectural 
              school reference collection."

saskatchewan 
              school system, canada: "computer 
              aided design and drafting (cadd) is an essential element of drafting. 
              this resource introduces the common principles of cadd that apply 
              to all software packages, whether it is autocad, microstation or 
              cadkey. rather than being a how-to book, the resource is primarily 
              useful as a reference to key principles. information can be learned 
              about topics such as drawing dimensions, zoom in and zoom out, erasing 
              drawings, 3d modelling and plotting. each topic has several line 
              drawings and uses clear and concise writing. an index is included.
              suggested use: computer-aided drafting; survey course - secondary 
              level. other use: design studies" link 
              to saskatchewan
prof. 
              eden muir, cad dept., columbia university: 
“it is a useful and clear guide for a general 
              introductory course which is not product-specific.” 
mr. 
              james wilson: cadd/gis center, us department of defense: 
“this is a good manual to use as a guide 
              to teach someone with no cadd experience, the basic concepts of 
              cadd. it is best when it is used before an actual application has 
              been purchased. it meets its intended goals for its audience.”

mr. 
              q. jeffrey ge, cad class, state university of new york: 
“i enjoyed reading the book. the material 
              is well organized and clearly explained in layman terms.”

prof. 
              bruce m. coleman, cad class, syracuse university: 
“this book would be helpful to any individual 
              seeking knowledge about cad, regardless of a formal training program.”
more 
              that 200 references 
              to cadd primer as indexed by google. 



download cadd primer | free 
          cad tutorial | order printed 
          copies | contact 
          us



join online autocad training...learn more... 
 



cad 
              news reviews resources


free 
          online cad tutotial
cad 
          directories gateways and news centers
cad 
          software review resources
 
          cad organizations
cad 
          magazines and newsletters
cad-gis 
          resources



cad software links


architectural
cad/cam/cae
general 
          purpose
facility 
          management
mechanical
rendering
solid 
          modeling 



cad book store


selected 
          cad books 
            
        

cad vendors


cad 
          stores 

cad training 
          materials
autocad 
          training tutorials 


cad research


cad 
          research institutes 
cad 
          training schools usa 
cad 
          colleges, canada


cad affiliate


become a cad affiliate and 
          earn 50% commission


cad utilities


cad 
          stores
cad 
          freeware and shareware
cad 
          symbol library
 
 
subscribe 
          to free cad magazines
free 
          online cad tutotial
 
 
 
 
 
  join online autocad training
 
 
 
non cad links:


all rights reserved. copyrights mailmax publishing, new york. 


