




the media player, movie player, youtube player, video player, avchd player, webm player, free player - bs.player.com








































български
deutsch
english
español
magyar
polski
português brasileiro
română
pyccĸий
slovenščina
türkçe
中文(简体)
日本語


choose your language:





home page
products
skins
news
download
support






user area - login  |  sign up

















 

bs latest news


merry christmas and a happy new year to all!
merry christmas and a happy new year 2023!
happy new year 2022
happy new year 2021!
bsplayer - huawei app store
happy new year!












 



bs.player 2.78
try one of the best multimedia players in the world.

buy bs.player pro


       download free       














 


bs.player skins














kill bill skin
kill bill movie skin




latest on forums


what is this key?
the image is too dark, the movies are...



































 
user comments

akbar s.: i think b.s player is the best video player that i have seen and also having hig pitch bs sound,i just recomended this.
junior: adorei! é muito pratico...
 | fernando: esto es muy buen reproductor de musica y video.
 | diogo b.: tanks very much for bs player,is the best program in audio,video
 | claude: j'aimerais bien avoir bs player dans mon pc
				more comments >>>





















 
forum tag cloud

access android brightness closed dark external file home image impossible malfunctioning movies single unicode watch windows 


























bs.player - the best multimedia player (webm, hd and avc video, movie, audio, dvd, youtube) in the world!bs.player ™ is used by more than 70 million multi media users throughout the world and it has been translated into more than 90 languages worldwide. all  downloaded versions of our free version exceed the sum of all downloads of competitive media players and payable webm or dvd players. because it does not use much of the cpu processing resources for  multimedia playback it is suitable for all those who use slightly less capable computers. now, you can finally enjoy the playback of hd dvd and avchd movies of the highest quality with minimal system requirements. bs.player can playback any youtube movie directly from the internet and save it to local disk.most importantly, bs.player ™, a free media movie player, is a product for the world multi media market and is therefore equipped with advanced subtitle options which enable the users to watch video content with subtitles from many popular subtitle formats (microdvd .sub, vobsub .sub + .idx, subviewer .sub, (advanced) substation alpha .ssa or .ass, subrip .srt, vplayer .txt...). bs.player is also a avchd player and enables you to display  avchd video format  movies (advanced video codec high definition) used in digital tapeless camcorders. it can automatically search and download missing subtitles for currently playing video, if available.bs.player ™ is the software movie and media player that supports all popular video and audio media file types, containers and formats such as:webm, xvid, avi, mpg, mpeg-1, mpeg-2, mpeg-4, 3ivx, youtube streaming video, avc hd (avchd player), qt quicktime mov, rm real media, ogm, matroska , mkv, asf, wmv, dv, m1v, m2v, mp4, mpv, swf, vob and wav, mpa, mp1, mp2, mp3, ogg, aac, aif, ram, wma, flv (flash and youtube video) and much more! 








 






contact us



advertising | privacy policy | latest news  | affiliate | site map | contact us | legal notices




български | deutsch | english | español | magyar | polski | português brasileiro | română | pyccĸий | slovenščina | türkçe | 中文(简体) | 日本語 





