


hannabery hvac | your local heating & cooling company

























































you need javascript enabled to view this site properly!
hannabery hvac homepage
animated promotional banner
skip promo
call us today for a free estimate!call us today for a healthy home!call us today for expert advice!call us today for cleaner air!call us today for peace-of-mind!call us today for total comfort!
now with 3 locations  allentown  quakertown  clarks summit


our phone numbers
(610) 366-9400
(215) 536-0150
(570) 586-1007
(215) 257-9101
call us today for a free estimate!


main navigation menu
skip main menu
    
about us
information
services
accessories
new systems
        comfort is just a click away!www.hannabery.com




about us


our company...
about uswhy uscontact usour service areas

departments...
salesservice
installationcommercial

general info...
up-front pricingtrane specialistrheem pro partner
diamond elite contractor

assorted pages...
what's newcustomer spotlightsitemapreviews 
(4.9-stars / 605)





www.hannabery.com





information

hvac help...
common problemshvac faq's
hvac tipshvac links

hvac info...
geothermal heatindoor air qualityabout air cleanersdirty sock syndrome

hvac learning...
heat pumps 101hvac terms
heating inspections
repair or replace?

hvac news...
press releasesthe end of freonabout r-410aconsumer alerts





www.hannabery.com




services

online services...
service requestestimate requestmaintenance requestbuilder request

hvac services...
air duct cleaningair duct balancingcustom ductworkoil-to-gas conversions

routine services...
maintenance plansdetailed checklistoil maintenance

special services...
hvac financing
special offers
savings calculator






www.hannabery.com




accessories

indoor air quality...
electronic air cleanersnon-electric air cleanersuv air purifierspleated air filters

home comfort...
central humidifierscentral dehumidifierserv fresh air systemshrv fresh air  systems

miscellaneous...
air scrubber purifierthermostatsprotective devicesbooster fans and more

specialty items...
heated towel rackssnow melt systemsdecorative vents






www.hannabery.com




new systems

electric...
air conditionersheat pumpsductless mini-splits

warm-air...
geothermal heat pumpsgas furnacesoil furnaces

hot-water...
gas boilersoil boilerswater heaters

other...
radiant heating systemssnow melt systems






www.hannabery.com


how comfortable do you want to be?

quick-link menuskip to content
repair request
maintenance request
estimate request
what's new
coupons & financing
contact us



what we do
as a licensed hvac contractor, we install and service air conditioning and heating systems. in addition, we offer preventative maintenance plans, indoor air quality (iaq) products and accessories, air duct cleaning, custom ductwork, ventilation, and more.tap photos for more info...






total comfortwe carry the finest line of equipment & accessories to meet every need and budget!
  saleslet one of our comfort specialists help you today! free estimates at competitive rates.







repairs done rightservice with a smile from our epa-certified, factory trained technicians!  serviceour uniformed technicians are courteous, neat and service all makes of equipment!







attention to detailgreat equipment + quality installations + experienced mechanics = winning!  installationall of our hvac installations include the most thorough startup procedures in the industry!






peace-of-mindwith three different levels of service & protection, we have a plan to fit your needs!  maintenanceabsolutely provides greater comfort, lower costs and a longer life for your hvac system!


show more







healthy homeyou can trust us to recommend the right products to keep you healthy & comfortable!  iaqprotect yourself from allergies and toxins with an advanced indoor air quality system.







breathe easyour cleaning process helps eliminate bacteria & fungus inside your hvac system!  duct cleaningduct cleaning can improve the air quality in your home and help your system run more efficiently!






custom ductworkconsider exposed spiral ductwork for that cool, ultra-modern loft look!  ventilationcustom ductwork and ventilation systems for residential and commercial applications.






time to switch
switch from oil to gas today... for your wallet, for your home, for the environment!
   oil-to-gas
a natural gas system is more efficient, cleaner, and easier to maintain than an oil system.  




what you needwhen it comes to your heating and air conditioning system, whether for repair, maintenance, or replacement, you need a company you can trust and rely on. in business since 1972, hannabery has the experience to meet all of your air conditioning, heating, and ventilation needs; both residential and commercial.
we can helpwith three locations and over 100 employees, we are large enough to service the hvac needs of our many customers, yet small enough to provide the best and most dependable service you expect.



why choose us?
a few reasons...friendly servicequality workmanshipfree estimatesepa-certified techsthe best name brandsemergency service*family-ownedlicensed & insuredand the list keeps going...more

up-front pricingguaranteed prices!
the total and exact cost of the job is known before it even begins. always!no estimates!no surprises!no worries!
see all the benefits...more

the e-newsa free newsletterpacked with the latest tips, special offers, service reminders, and more!









×

sorry, but we have to do this to stop the spammers! and those pesky robots too!



we respect your privacy!
checkout a sample newsletter...
view




the best name brands













quality matters!




0
customer reviews
    
skip reviews (reviews open in a new window)

your installers arrived on time, were professional, informative, and finished on time. i appreciate the quality service they provided. thanks.– scott dougherty, doylestown, pawe just purchased a new trane furnace with a/c. your guys were very professional, did a great job and were a pleasure to have in our home.– jim cole, plymouth meeting, pai will be referring all of my friends, neighbors and family to hannabery hvac! thank you to your entire team for all of their excellent work.– elizabeth millard, quakertown, pathe service tech was very polite, informative and professional. the problem was fixed. it was an awesome experience! thank you.- suzanne powrie, wescosville, pa.historic bethlehem's kemerer museum highly recommends hannabery hvac! they were knowledgable, quick, but careful.- meg sharp walton, bethlehem, pa

read all reviews...



 credentials & affiliations


list of logosskip list















footer secondary navigation menu
privacylegalemploymentsitemaplogin
our branches & hours
three locations to serve you better!hannabery south1342 s. w. end blvdquakertown, pa 18951phone: 215-536-0150hannabery central200 schantz roadallentown, pa 18104phone: 610-366-9400
hannabery north100 northern blvdclarks summit, pa 18411phone: 570-586-1007mon-fri: 8:00am - 5:00pm
* 24 hour emergency service for silver, sterling, and diamond plan customers only.like / tweet / share / follow
social media links:










pa contractor #8215how comfortable do you want to be?
top
© 1997-2025 hannabery hvac. all rights reserved.

site design by web developer for hannabery.com














