




arizona teardrop trailers lightweight camper teardrops trailer camping rv light weight camper





















  

                   
   





az teardrop trailers 

 we are no longer building 
tear-drop trailers
 



welcome to our teardrop trailer site where we used to 
			make and sell teardrop trailers. teardrops have been making 
			a comeback lately, at least that is what was said in an article from 
			the 40's.  with today's  gas prices maybe the 
			teardrop's time has truly come. why motor around the country in an 
			$100,000 rv coach getting 6 miles to the gallon when you can pull 
			your light weight teardrop camp trailer with your average car and 
			get 18 to 25 mpg plus. many people that have a hard time getting up 
			and down the stairs or a large motor home are amazed at how easy it 
			is to get into a lightweight teardrop trailer. when it comes to cost 
			teardrops are even easier to get into. with entry level units 
			starting at less than $7000 and for the do it yourself type plans 
			are available to build your own teardrop camper for around $1500 
			this is an affordable way to camp off the ground. with classic 
			camper models to pull behind your classic car to modern versions 
			that still have that classic camper look, teardrop campers seem to 
			bring out a soft spot in most people that see them. please browse 
			our site for pictures of our teardrop trailers as well as pictures 
			of other teardrops and some vintage camping trailers. recreational 
			vehicles with a new twist on an old favorite



 
 
check out our progress as we build our site and our teardrop trailers!
our first tear drop camper is a 4' x 8' built on a folding harbor freight trailer frame.
the harbor freight trailer has it's advantages such as easily licensed and the inexpensive price. the 4' by 8' size is small and easy to handle.
our second teardrop trailer is a five
foot wide  just about nine and one half feet long, we call it hot rod. we still
want to make sure we are building low weight camping trailers so today's smaller
cars can tow them. our third trailer will probably be lemon drop and will be designed
to tow behind a 2006 scion xb 


[ home ] [ our teardrops ] [ gallery ] [ meets ] [ for sale ]
copyright © 2005 - 2024  arizona teardrop trailers   
last modified: nov-24



 
for the best quality custom made pull 
out shelving be sure to check out shelves that slide


