



	kickapoo valley reserve | home






































skip to main content











select

allcontentdocuments





 









home










schedule your group



youth programs



adult programs



summer camp



instructor profiles











news










management



visitor center



enforcement



publication/documents



history



area information
















calendar



annual events



workshops & hikes
















trails



hunt, fish, trap



canoe/kayak



camping



maps



permits/fees
















state natural areas



plants & animals



land cover



geology



dark sky



water resources
















volunteer



donate



sponsor an event



friends of kvr



krmb & committee appointments



employment opportunities

















                                                   
                                                                                  
                       


                        

 
                        











		
                                                                 
                                                                    
                                                            
	



















about us

education

events

recreation

natural features

donate/volunteer






















homeabout useducationeventsrecreationnatural featuresget involved






























a unique place from all vantage points the kickapoo valley reserve is an 8,569-acre tract of land located between the villages of la farge and ontario in southwestern wisconsin. its history, resources, administration, and recreational diversity make it unique - a place like no other. the state-sanctioned kickapoo reserve management board is responsible for managing the property on behalf of the state of wisconsin and ho-chunk nation. as a publicly protected property - subject to state, tribal, and federal laws - visitors are asked to be aware of the rule and permit requirements. we invite you to come and see for yourself the many wonders of the kickapoo valley reserve.  here, sandstone outcroppings tower over the kickapoo river as you paddle its quiet waters while native plants and animals abound in all seasons.  whether you'd like to join us for a scheduled interpretive hike, adventure into the backcountry on your own, or simply stop and admire the beauty, the kickapoo valley reserve welcomes you!

 



information at a glancevisitor center hours: monday thru saturday 8am-4:30pmsundays and holidays - closedprogram news: summer adventure camp registration is open! join in on creative communities art programs! canvas project register your canvas here! ephemeral art series art program for adults. register today! driftless dialogue, tuesday, february 18, 2025 6pm what doesn't kill ticks, them makes them stronger sign up for the trek guided ice hike on february 22!                         user fees: day use, parking or annual pass required. purchase online. friends of kickapoo valley reserve: become a friends of kvr member, which includes kvr annual passtrails - use an official kvr map. old hwy 131 trail:  closed to equine & bike.  open to hiking on edge of ski trail cross country ski -groomed, 2-inch base.  no track set 2/16.25 fat tire bike:  open hike/snowshoe: open hiking equestrian & bike: closed for the season upper kickapoo river water trail:         check current river levels ontario & la farge.         river not passable landing 1 to bridge 20 - ice covered        camping:  leave no trace of your visit!  book up to 45 days in advance        winter camping call for conditions.        book/register for a site online prior to setting up. campsites are not plowed in winterparking: keep vehicles on solid surfaces day or annual pass required.  day parking is not allowed in campsites unless designated.hunt & fish: open to public hunting and fishing wi dnr rules and seasons apply.   pick up spent shell casings. leave no trace!         use carcass dumpster and cwd testing station located on hysel road, east of the rockton bridge. do not dump carcasses on the kvr        hunting calendarschool zone:  school zone map.etiquette:  leave no trace of your visit.  winter  summer  e-bikes: learn more about e-bikes and the kvrdark skies:  learn more about the night skyupcoming krmb meetings:krmb education and tourism committee meetingmar. 6, 20255:30 pmagendakrmb finance committee meetingtba9:00 amagendakrmb land management meetingmar. 11, 20255:30 pmagendakrmb monthly meetingfeb. 20, 20256:00 pmagenda   updated 2/16/25 7am




















  

























  







the kickapoo reserve management board acknowledges that the state and federal lands that comprise the reserve fall within the ancestral homelands of first nations people including the hooçak nation. we recognize the sovereignty of the hooçak and other first nations and will work towards a shared future by continuing to create collaborative opportunities to protect and preserve these lands.kickapoo valley reserve | s3661 state highway 131 | la farge, wisconsin  54639  
phone:  608-625-2960   | fax:  608-625-2962
kickapoo.reserve@krm.state.wi.us


















