

































































herald & review | breaking news | read decatur, il and illinois breaking news. get latest news, events and information on illinois sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















5°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



education



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



announcements



submit an announcement



arts & theatre



local



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests & promotions



comics



games & puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



share a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



i love a deal



public notice




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



helpcenter



gift subscription


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









5°
cloudy
























        
        
            man arrested in attempted kidnapping at arthur business

police in arthur arrested a man suspected of trying to kidnap a young female victim before he was chased down by a woman who saw what happened. 

















        
        
            decatur man charged in attack that left sister's boyfriend with fractured face, police say

he is also accused of pulling a gun and threatening to kill the victim before beating him. 

















        
        
            push is on to boost participation in macon co. fair pageants

informational meeting to provide details about miss macon county, little miss and junior miss contest.

















        
        
            humorist nick offerman to perform on kirkland stage

comedian, actor and woodworker nick offerman will be on stage saturday, march 8, at the kirkland fine arts center, millikin university.

















        
        
            illinois official scorer edgar brummett plays a vital role from his 'best seat in the house'

for more than two decades, decatur's edgar brummett has had one of the clearest views — and most important jobs — at state farm center. his title: official scorer for the illinois men's basketball team.

















        
        
            regardless of role, matthew liberatore looks to seize spring opportunities

after spending most of last season as a reliever, left-hander matthew liberatore looks to a refined cutter and change-up as tools that could help him solidify his role in 2025.

















        
        
            space heater blamed for decatur fire

decatur fire crews were sent at approximately sunday afternoon to 658 e. wood st. in response to a house fire.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            delta jet flips upside down on a snowy toronto runway and all 80 aboard survive


















        
        
            man arrested in attempted kidnapping at arthur business


















        
        
            decatur man charged in attack that left sister's boyfriend with fractured face, police say















                
                the latest



















        
        
            february 17 recap: decatur and macon county news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from herald and review. 




















        
        
            meet the volunteers racing to rescue pigs across the midwest

chicago — april noga had two days to prepare for this rescue mission — save 18 pigs from a petting zoo in northeastern illinois.





















        
        
            decatur and macon county neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published today in herald and review. 





















        
        
            highlights: bloomington bison vs. toledo walleye, 2-16-25

the bloomington bison debuted a new goalie, kasimir kaskisuo, but ultimately fell to the toledo walleye 5-2 at grossinger motors arena on sunday, feb. 16, 2025. video courtesy of the bloomington bison. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react




















        
        
            presidents' day protesters gather in opposition of the trump administration












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: clinton 62, central a&m 32

see the images from the high school girls basketball game of clinton at central a&m. 





















        
        
            photos: mt. zion 67, taylorville 27

see the images from the high school boys basketball game of taylorville at mount zion. 




















        
        
            column: according to the world wide leader, '24 illini had plenty of memorable moments

the games are done. the 2024-25 college football season is over. and yet ... but ... perhaps ... the stories continue about the historic illinois football season.




















        
        
            macarthur's stout defense dominates city game

the generals girls basketball program continued its fast start with a big win over rivals eisenhower.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            don’t make yourself sick: check out these tips to avoid foodborne illness

get healthy. according to the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention, foodborne illnesses affect 48 million americans each year.












partner








        
        
            read the label: how to spot potential dangers in processed foods

get healthy. the u.s. food and drug administration requires nutrition labels on most packaged food items, and gaining a basic understanding of the information they reveal can guide you toward making healthier dietary choices.












partner








        
        
            cardio + strength training = the ideal workout combination

get healthy. here’s an explanation of why strength training is so important, and how much of each component it might take to add up to the perfect workout.
















                
                opinion
                
                    


















        
        
            is musk a bond villain or america's salvation? | nolan finley

elon musk could be either the most dangerous man in america or its savior.




















        
        
            americans would pay higher taxes to save social security | kathryn anne edwards

social security’s deep popularity among voters has earned it a reputation as the third rail of politics, meaning congress is afraid to touch it.




















        
        
            seattle times: pope francis offers helpful view on ai

it is the stuff of science fiction: artificial intelligence mimicking human thought.




















        
        
            social security: ssa talks scams

rebecca rose, senior public affairs specialist in ssa’s office of inspector general’s division of communications, discusses social security scams and how to recognize them. 













                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            vitalskin care - central office



                                        1111 w kenyon rd ste a, urbana, il 61801
                                    






















        
        
            cibm bank



                                        19601 w bluemound rd, brookfield, wi 53045
                                    






















        
        
            isu laboratory schools



                                        campus box 5300, normal, il 61790
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-15




























×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram







subscribe

contact us

activate your digital



sites & partners


prairie shopper

hr preps

digital archives

online features

get healthy




services


pay your bill

e-edition

advertise

email news

submit an event

work here

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        herald & review, 225 s. main street, no. 200, decatur, il 62523
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























