





funke's greenhouses 











4798 gray rd cincinnati oh 45232 phone
                    513-541-8170
specialty herb and vegetable plant supplier for
                the spring planting season with around 1700 varieties of
                vegetable and herb selections.
"teach a person to fish and they're fed for
                    life, teach them to garden and they can feed the whole
                    neighborhood, and the more of us that can that the better it
                    is for all of us." al funke 2009

open mid march to mid november 






summer hours 2024
            9 am to 1 pm seven days a week

          if you can swing it we always appreciate cash. when one only has 6
          weeks in the spring to make 12 months of expenses every little bit
          helps! thanks!



we are a seasonal business and selection is at
          peak during the prime planting season of early may.
          peak season 2024 saw 1700 varieties of herb and vegetable plants from
          every corner of the globe for our shoppers to pick from!
          heartfelt thanks to all those who shop with us :) 
          even though our primary focus is the totally insane spring selection
          there's always something interesting happening at funke's throughout
          the growing season.
          if you'd like to keep up with what's happening here, have a variety
          request you'd like to see us carry, or have a "midnight garden
          question" check us out on facebook at the link below, give us a like,
          and message the page with your questions or requests.


funke's facebook page


 pretty much wherever your tribe came from on the
          planet we have ethnic vegetable and herb plants from your ancestral
          homeland.
          truly a treasure trove for the foodie, the ethnic, the scientific, and
          of course, the urban and suburban gardener looking for great fresh
          gourmet veggies right from the backyard, deck, or patio for the summer
          grilling and cookout season.
          whether you're a balcony gardener, small to mid size backyard, or a
          full tilt farm we've got selections to fit your needs.
          our herb selection is also outstanding this year and sure to tickle
          the fancy of the chef and the herbalist alike with many gourmet
          selections as well as a very respectable selection of useful holistic
          and medicinal species.



this year there were right around 300 pepper
          varieties from super hot to super sweet, and everything in between,
          including many exotic species from around the globe.
          our tomato selection also topped 300 varieties focusing heavily on
          sustainable heirloom varieties that can be regrown from saved seed.
          if you're a small space gardener or just want fresh heirlooms off a
          pot on the deck be sure to check out the dwarf heirloom project
          varieties we have during the prim planting season.
          heirloom flavors, colors, and textures on compact plants perfect for
          patio pots. yum!
          if you're looking for super disease and blight resistant f1 hybrids we
          have those also.
          all non-gmo and grown free of hard chemicals. 
          although we are not "certified" organic, we practice organic
          techniques, and pride ourselves on the fact that our plants are safe
          to eat the day you take them home.

          al funke

          as promised last year the plant selection lists, tomatoes, peppers,
          other veggies, herbs and flowers are now up!
          you will find them on our plant lists
          page.
          we don't call it "insane" for nothing, check it out!



if you're a chili lover you'll love shopping our
          insane selection! 
          if you're a "fire eater" you'll be pleased to know that we have about
          30 million+ scoville varieties to choose from! 


we start the seeds in january so you can buy
          plants at funke's that will have pods ready by mid to late july in
          your home garden.


and of course, no sauce, salsa, salad, or big fat
          burger would be complete without tasty tomatoes.


with 300+ varieties to choose from this year
          you'll find an amazing selection of heirlooms, sauce varieties, salad
          cherries, burger slicers, and more than plenty to please the most
          serious foodie. 




and it's not just peppers and tomatoes, our
          ethnic diversity selection spreads out across the cucumbers, squash,
          okra, melons, greens, sweet potatoes, salad greens, etc.and our herb
          selection is sure to tickle the fancy of the chef and herbalist alike!

with our huge selection of culinary, medicinal, and spiritual use herbs you'll see
          why professional chefs, herbalists, home gardeners, and market
          gardeners alike count on funke's as their source for their herb garden
          starter plants.


we believe in staying close to nature and grow
          our plants here as naturally as possible. our catch phase is "just say
          no, to gmo." 


and yes, we really do grow all of our vegetable
          and herb plants here on site, no middle men, no poisons, no kidding. 


here again, we take pride in the fact that our
          plants are safe to eat the day you take them home.


our service, selection, and prices will delight
          both the beginner and expert gardener alike. in most cases our plants
          are less expensive than the chain stores and way safer to handle being
          free of the hazmat growth regulators commonly used on chain store
          crops.



have a favorite variety that you'd like us to
          carry? just drop an email to grow (at) funkes.com or message our
          facebook page which is exceptionally modern, lol...  
          we like requests and feedback from our customers. you are why we're
          here! :)


just a note to any who may wonder. i have
          intentionally left the site in the "homepagey" feel of the internet of
          the mid 90's. 
          a simpler time before hacking, tracking, profiling, spying and
          obsessive commercialism took over. in a nutshell, heirloom plants,
          heirloom website. :) al




we really do take our devotion to preserving our
          heritage and the diversity of species quite seriously, if you really
          enjoy reconnecting with nature through gardening, and of course fresh
          gourmet groceries right from your own garden, we think you'll find
          funke's a refreshing change from the "same, same, stuff, stuff" garden
          stores out there. :)


 


here's a bunch of other fun garden stuff to poke
        through on our site. 



home about
          us products services
video easy gardening fun stuff


sign up for funke's email liberty for dummies


the liberty for dummies page is a simple refresher
        for all of us americans that have forgotten what "liberty" is really all
        about.
        one will have to forgive the primitive shockwave flash graphics and
        rather monotonous midi music as it was produced in the early 2000's and
        the .swf format had small file sizes that played smoothly in the days
        when broadband was in it's infancy and many folks still had dial-up
        connections.
        personally i thought it was kinda cute but i grew up in a time when
        there three broadcast television channels that signed off at midnight
        with a test pattern. 
        this website was originally designed to run smoothly at 28k dial-up!



the concepts it presents are simple basic human
        liberty and even a kid can understand it. some adults may be another
        story. :) it's well worth the watch. i hope you find it as
        refreshing/entertaining/enlightening as i. it was on the verge of
        extinction from the internet so i moved it here so that concept of "by
        the people, of the people, and for the people should not perish from the
        internet". it was then threatened when the .swf platform also
        disappeared from the internet since broadband had evolved to handle the
        huge data loads of far more detailed graphics so i converted it to .mp4
        which will ensure it will still play well into the future. 
        my highest compliments to the artist that constructed it. webmaster


the site is evolving. rather than take it down for
        "maintenance" the way many do i decided to leave the old links from
        twenty years ago (or longer lol) below in place for posterity if nothing
        else. eventually i'll move them into the history section where they
        belong.


like life itself it's a work in progress. al


 


 

building a pond -
        a pictorial essay of the construction of the
          water feature in our front display. a good "how to" demonstration for
          those who'd like to get their feet wet :) 
poinsettias - we did at one time grow some of this finest poinsettias
          in the region. consumer apathy and reluctance to pay for quality, and
          rising fuel costs forced us to stop growing them. 
virtual visit - this section needs to be moved to
          the history area of the site. i'll build a virtual vist page for the
          new funke's when i get the chance. :) al 
directions & store hours - simply
          put, how you get here from there :) 
links
          - gardening related links with site reviews

what's new? - new features and updates here on the site 
backissues - backissues
          of our popular gardening newsletter 
herbs! -
        herbal information covering a broad range of
          topics relating to herbs updated - 03/11/08 
testimonials - what cincinnati's gardeners are saying about our shop and
          gardening newsletter :) 


help the little guys save the fees! use cash!





want to do something to help the little guys keep
        their prices down for you the customer? stop using the plastic &
        start using cash. credit cards do nothing but suck billions of $ away
        from the working class & small businesses every year. who pays for
        the skymiles and rewards? your merchant, that's who. those rewards are
        taken electronically out of the merchant's portion of the sale when the
        card is scanned. also cash can't be hacked by skimmers and data mining
        apps. it's far more likely these days to be robbed blind electronically
        than it is to ever be held up for your cash. yes my friend, cash is
        actually safer to carry than plastic.


god grant us the serenity to accept the things we
        cannot change, but more importantly the courage to change the things we
        can, and the wisdom to know the difference.


serving the greater cincinnati garden market
            for four generations since 1896


we were at one time, perhaps the single most
        comprehensive selection of perennials, annuals, trees, shrubs and garden
        accessories in the region including tuned windchimes, garden furniture,
        tools, fertilizers and water gardening supplies. the unwillingness of
        garden consumers to buy plants in any significant numbers in anything
        less than perfect weather, and then only willing to pay what they did
        ten years ago while costs of operation skyrocketed forced us to shift
        focus to the herb and vegetable plant niche market and to promote the
        self sufficient organic method food production of our past, and target
        the "true" gardener as our primary customer. the one that regardless of
        weather events is going to plant the garden that feeds the family just
        like ours did those many many decades ago when i was a kid and our 1/4
        acre garden fed 12 people.



our primary mission is now to provide the plants,
        materials, and knowledge necessary for our customers to take control of
        their own food supply and eat like royalty in the process!


"teach a person to fish and they're fed for life,
        teach them to garden and they can feed the whole neighborhood!" al
            funke 2009


we look forward to a sustainable future of healthy
        and bountiful harvests.


 


located at 4798 gray rd. cincinnati ohio 45232


phone 513-541-8170


browse through our extensive site through any of the
        above areas. we hope you have as much fun here as we have putting it
        here for you!


we pride ourselves on customer service and do our
        level best to be as "user friendly" as possible!

 

        


