








	chuck baldwin live > home













































toggle navigation






home
columns
donate
store
multimedia
speeches
interviews
radio show
other multimedia


resources
live stream
quotes
help for the alcoholic
other resources


about
links
news links
resource links


contact



















chuck baldwin (2021)



 about chuck baldwin | donate | follow: 










liberty fellowship
baldwins' move to montana
is chuck baldwin a racist?
non-501c3 pastors
black regiment pastors
2nd amendment pastors 
patriot businesses







subscribe to chuck's columnenter your information below and receive chuck's column every thursday directly to your email address!












            email



        subscribe








 latest columns

click for archived columns








trump’s white house faith office head paula white: the high priestess ...


 


download free computerized mp3 audio file of this column

(to subscribe to my columns at no cost, click here.)

not to be outdone by his predecessor, g.w. bush, in his enthusiasm to mollify christian zionist supporters, donald trump has created the first-ever white house faith office. to lead this new government bureaucracy, designed specifically to target religion in america, trump appointed his spiritual advisor paula white.

as you may recall, the younger bush created the faith-based initiative, in which he doled out hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars that created a mechanism of using money from the federal government...


 


published: thursday, february 13, 2025
read more




“hail caesar! we who are about to die salute you”


 


download free computerized mp3 audio file of this column

(to subscribe to my columns at no cost, click here.)

one might need to go back to the administration of grover cleveland to find a u.s. president who understood, revered and sincerely attempted to honor his oath to the u.s. constitution. for sure and for certain, america has been under an imperial presidency for the entirety of the 21st century—and that includes 2025 under the presidency of donald j. trump.

it’s really hard to fathom the utter ignorance of the constitution, the utter bankruptcy of honesty and fidelity, the depth of moral depravity, the pro...


 


published: thursday, february 6, 2025
read more




palestinian christians: suffering alone and ignored by the body of chr...


 


download free computerized mp3 audio file of this column

(to subscribe to my columns at no cost, click here.)

for as the body is one, and hath many members, and all the members of that one body, being many, are one body: so also is christ. for by one spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be jews or gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one spirit. (i corinthians 12:12, 13)

and whether one member suffer, all the members suffer with it; or one member be honoured, all the members rejoice with it. now ye are the body of christ, and members in particular. (i corinthians 12:26, ...


 


published: thursday, january 30, 2025
read more




new congress’s first order of business: protect israel


 


download free computerized mp3 audio file of this column

(to subscribe to my columns at no cost, click here.)

it seems that among the first orders of business at the beginning of each new congress is to pass legislation protecting, promoting or pandering to israel. and it doesn’t matter one iota which party controls congress. well, it happened once again.

one of the newly installed 119th congress’s very first orders of business was to pass legislation attempting to protect israel’s prime minister benjamin netanyahu and israel’s former defense minister yoav gallant from arrest by the international cri...


 


published: thursday, january 23, 2025
read more












speeches & interviews
dr. chuck baldwin's 2/13/2025 interview with gunnar on the truth expedition show“hail caesar! we who are about to die salute you”, by chuck baldwin, lewrockwell.compalestinian christians: suffering alone and ignored by the body of christ, by chuck baldwin, sethhancock.substack.comdr. baldwin's 2/7/2025 interview with jerry barrett on the power of prophecy showpalestinian christians: suffering alone and ignored by the body of christ, by chuck baldwin, lewrockwell.com
more speeches & interviews

latest sermon videos


god's men must confront government leaders when they usurp the spiritual jurisdiction of the sanctuary, as exemplified by priest azariah and king uzziah
scofield prophecy wrongly dividing the word of truth (supplemental prophecy message number four)
palestinian christians: suffering alone and ignored by the body of christ
uss liberty survivor chief ron kukal at liberty fellowship's 14th anniversary
uss liberty survivor phil tourney at liberty fellowship's 14th anniversary


more sermon videos







latest news links
    



a constitutional crisis: can the rule of law survive this presidency? by john & nisha whitehead
          


max blumenthal: trump and ethnic cleansing, judge napolitano - judging freedom youtube channel
          


reupload: george galloway & col.macgregor: trump is puppet & puppet master is netanyahu, tellmesweetlittlelies bitchute channel
          


col. douglas macgregor: fall of the american empire, judge napolitano - judging freedom youtube channel
          


will trump’s faith office deliver another win for israel? ynetnews.com
          




more news links
      















contact us | donate | privacy policy
refunds policy | shipping policy







© copyright 1996-2025 chuckbaldwinlive.com,
all rights reserved







po box 10
kila, mt 59920










website design & hosting by website express | 
login
















