 

gallaudet university press



















skip to content
skip to menu
skip to menu
skip to search
skip to search
skip to footer



toggle navigation








sharing knowledge by and about deaf and signing communities














books  





new releases

forthcoming

catalogs





by subject

by series

by author





black asl

learn asl

global deaf communities





books for k – 12 classrooms

the shakur series

digital media

open access editions




 
 

journals  





american annals of the deaf

sign language studies

subscribe

purchase digital content





customer service

signed video abstract guidelines




 
 

instructor resources  







building a syllabus?

resources & links

exam/desk copies








 
 

author resources  





publish with us

publishing explained

marketing and sales activities





marketing tips for authors

video guidelines

open access policy





author faq

manuscript preparation guidelines

art guidelines




 
 

order  









retailers/wholesalers

international sales and distribution

faq





ebooks




 
 

about  









about the press

support the press

contact us





news

events




 




all
books
blog posts
authors

 search: all 

go









 




inaugural book in the early papers in deaf studies series
new release

all revenue being donated to the center for black deaf studies 
read more


 




spring 2025 catalog now available

forthcoming titles in deaflit, deaf studies, and deaf ed 
browse


 




discover the shakur series!

storybooks that feature signing deaf families 
click here


 




available for purchase or read the open access ebook
from the mobiledeaf team

  
get my copy


 




reshapes our understanding of the abbé de l’épée's classic work
a modern annotated translation

  
find out more


 


 
 



featured titles


new releases


forthcoming


recommended for courses


acclaimed











international perspectives on sign language translator and interpreter education







empowerment and black deaf persons







good night, shakur!







good morning, shakur!







learn colors and shapes with shakur!







auguste bébian







the proper way to educate the deaf







alone in the mainstream




see all books









meet shakur’s family







go to the store with shakur!







deaf studies for educators







vibrant mosaic







the language of home




see all books









deaf mobility studies







58-in-mind







deaf people in the criminal justice system







it's a small world







advances in educational interpreting







agatha tiegel hanson







controlling our destiny







turn on the words!




see all books









country of glass







signing and belonging in nepal







turn on the words!







literacy and deaf education







the hidden treasure of black asl







gesture in multiparty interaction







fighting in the shadows







the gallaudet children’s dictionary of american sign language




see all books





 



featured videos







deaf to the marrow vietnamese translationdeaf to the marrow: deaf social organizing and active citizenship in việt nam by audrey cooper is now available in vietnamese for free! view the announcement in hồ chí minh sign language produced by nguyễn trần thủy tiên, dr. cooper’s longtime research collaborator who also wrote the foreword. 






deaf mobility studies: exploring international networks, tourism, and migrationannelies kusters, erin moriarty, amandine le maire, sanchayeeta iyer, and steven emerydeaf mobility studies is by a team of five deaf ethnographers who journeyed alongside their participants to delve into a rich array of experiences — ranging from career advancements and marriages to tourism and the challenges faced by deaf refugees. 



 







akbar sikder, translator of de l’épée's classic workakbar sikder describes his new book, the proper way to educate the deaf: a modern annotated translation. this new edition holds significant cultural and historical value for the fields of deaf studies and deaf education.  






tonya stremlau | editor, deaf lives seriesdr. stremlau shares information and invites submissions for the deaf lives series. 



 


 







fabrice bertin, author of "auguste bébian"fabrice bertin discusses bébian, who championed the use of sign language in deaf education and advocated for the concept of a deaf identity and deaf culture in early 19th-century france. read more in auguste bébian: paving the way for deaf emancipation. 






gina oliva's vlog seriesgina oliva discusses the twentieth anniversary edition of her book, alone in the mainstream, and offers guidance on how to support deaf and hard of hearing children. 



subscribe to our youtube channel


 




stay in touch

join our mailing list and receive regular updateson new titles and other news.


sign up


 
 







                            news and reviews
                    







september 18, 2024
an interview with tonya stremlau, editor of the deaf lives series







september 16, 2024
introducing deaf mobility studies!







july 17, 2024
an interview with gina a. oliva, author of "alone in the mainstream: looking back on public school as a deaf or hard of hearing child"







may 9, 2024
internship reflections







april 11, 2024
celebrate national deaf history month

 


                                    read more news
                            

 
 


  




 


  










skip facebook timeline


gallaudetuniversitypress
skip facebook timeline
 










contact us ordering faq customer service accessibility privacy policy 



publish with us digital media rights and permissions support the press aad reference issue survey 




stay in touch

join our mailing list and receive regular updates on new titles and other news.


sign up

 
 












800 florida ave ne | washington, dc 20002© 2025 gallaudet university press | this site is readerbound








