










the scary monkey show - | window installation, property to rent in hastings

























 
















 
 
 

search

 




home
about us
privacy policy
terms and conditions
contact us
  

 






















posted  by secure_admin on dec 20, 2022 in window installation services | 0 comments


																	why fall is the best time to install new windows 															


fall is a beautiful season of the year. during this period, the weather gets colder, and the trees change color. this season also provides pleasant breezes without the sleet or snow that winter offers.? 

unfortunately, you’ll also notice that your house will start to get colder this season. while it’s already expected that your home will get cold during fall, excessive cold can signal that you need to replace your old, drafty windows.? 
most homeowners think that summer is the ideal time to install new windows. however, the truth is that fall is the best answer. 
today, we’re going to share several reasons why fall is the best time for a??window installation?project. 
preparing your home for winter 
the winter season can be harsh if you live in an area with severe weather conditions. because of this, you will need windows that will prevent the cold air outside and keep the warm air inside your home.? 
if your windows are old, they might allow drafts inside your house. if this is the case, it will make you and your family uncomfortable. in addition, it also results in more heating that will increase your energy bills.? 
the longer you ignore your window replacement in the fall, the colder your house will become. that is why it’s always best to replace your windows during fall to avoid the cold winter season. 
temperatures 
if you’re installing new windows during summer, you will allow hot summer air inside your house since you’ll be having your windows removed. in addition, you’ll also need a skilled professional to properly install windows during summer since the heat can affect the process.? 
according to professionals, 60 degrees fahrenheit is the ideal temperature for window installations for your house. so, when can you achieve this temperature? the answer is fall. the fall season lets you and the window installer stay comfortable during the process.? 
scheduling 
if you’re planning to hire a professional window installation team during the summer, you will probably have a hard time. this is because summer is the busiest season for most contractors and professionals.? 
because of this, you will have to wait several days or weeks for your projects to start.? 
on the other hand, fall is one of the slowest seasons for contractors. during this period, most of them are free. they might even lower their rates and offer discounts to get several clients during the period. 
energy saving 
one of the most vital benefits of replacing windows before winter is energy savings. always note that the winter season requires higher heating expenses. if you’ve got a leaky and drafty window, it will only increase your heating bill. 
if you install new windows during the fall season, you will prepare your home for winter. it also gives your windows appropriate time to settle in and adjust before the cold months arrive.? 
if you want to enjoy energy savings this winter, you should consider installing new windows in the fall.?you will not regret it. 


read more
 
 
 



















posted  by secure_admin on apr 6, 2022 in bath tubs | 0 comments


																	the 5 most important reasons to have your bathtub refinished 															

bathtub refinishing is becoming an increasingly popular alternative among homeowners. for that, check out the following reasons why you should have your bathtub professionally refinished.  but first, let’s define refinishing. 

resurfacing/refinishing is a technique that can completely transform the appearance of your bathroom or kitchen. professional bathtub refinishing uses a unique procedure to fully update your look for a fraction of the cost of a typical replacement. new finish provides not only the look and feel of new countertops, sinks, tubs, and tiles but also their durability. the materials used by the experts are made exclusively for resurfacing porcelain and fiberglass. 
now, here are the top factors to know what refinishing is and why it’s so crucial to hire a qualified specialist. 
time is key 
there still aren’t enough hours in the day. there is never enough time to complete the to-do list. you save a lot of time by choosing to refinish over typical rip-out and replacement. the procedure of refinishing takes less than one day, and the tub is ready to use in just 24 hours. what does this mean in terms of a complete replacement, which could take 2-4 weeks? 
the essence of three r’s 
recycle, re-use, and reduce! by opting to refinish rather than replace your tub, tile, or countertops, you are keeping them from taking up extra landfill space. you are repurposing a high-quality item that was formerly on your property. in fact, these are usually of higher quality than the mass-produced materials today. it is critical to reuse your belongings. consider repurposing and refurbishing old fixtures. 
keep your home’s integrity 
do you live in an old house? how about your clawfoot tub? maybe the actual old subway tile? destroying original, high-value fixtures actually lowers the value of your home. experts in the field, recommend restoration rather than gut jobs. 
money talks 
everyone wishes to save money! you don’t have to sacrifice quality with refinishing. refinishing can save you up to 80% on replacement prices. so, whether you’re on a budget or would rather spend your money on other tasks, refinishing is the finest alternative, since it provides an immediate and economical remodel option. 
so, whether you’re on a budget or would rather spend your money on other tasks, refinishing is the finest alternative, since it provides an immediate and economical remodel option. 
is it secure? 
have you heard of lead poisoning or exposure to lead? isn’t it just something you found in an old can of paint? wrong! original bathtubs had lead in them! lead begins to seep out once the finish degrades over time. no one wants to endanger themselves or their kids simply by taking a bath! bathtub restoration encapsulates your tub, encapsulating the dangerous lead and creating a new safety barrier. 
if you are interested to get bathtub reglazing, go ahead and search for the top bathroom restoration company near you and get their premium bathtub reglazing services as soon as possible. 


read more
 
 
 



















posted  by secure_admin on apr 4, 2022 in property to rent in hastings | 0 comments


																	ideal property and rental managers 															

many new landlords don’t know much about rental properties. they think that they can manage to learn and try to understand the nature of rental and property business. there are many things that you need to learn in order for you to be an effective landlord. you cannot just read a book and the next day you will become the best person for this work. you should be an effective one in order for you to manage the cash flow and even the people renting there. it’s hard to believe that you have to make a policy as well about the due date and rules.  

others are hesitant to hire a property manager because of additional expenses. they think that they can manage this one on their own so that they can just reduce the expenses from being high. this could be true if you know anything about the ways that you can produce more of the factual evidences in making this property effective. asking your friends and relatives couldn’t be the best idea sometimes. they also don’t know things when it comes to rental properties. there are cases that they will give you false information about what you need to know. 
property managers can actually help you when it comes to making contracts. you know nothing about the things that you have to include when doing a contract and that is something that you may put things into risk. with the help of those professional managers, they will give you a desired outline on what you should include with your next contract. they will always remind you of the most important words that you have to use and to include when you’re writing your contract. this one is a nice step in order for you not to be tricked by those renters. this is pretty common when you have a property to rent in hastings. 
property managers are legal. it means that they have the right to collect fees and they have more experience when it comes to this industry. they will give you more ideas about the charges and penalties that you may come across once you violated the laws. this is one of the great reasons why you should hire them because they know many things about the policies of this field. you will avoid those penalties that you may hurt your cash flow. when you talk about legal themes, they also wouldn’t know people working under this management. 
they know more things than you, and that is something that you have to accept. they can utilize using the modern technology in order for the things to get better. they can hire better contractor as well when fixing or repairing the problems inside the house. they know how to solve those worse scenarios in order for it to become better again. it is not always about the money that you have to pay them, but it’s about the quality of the service that they can give to you. 


read more
 
 
 



















posted  by secure_admin on apr 3, 2022 in limo service | 0 comments


																	types of airport shuttle transportation  															

travelling has become one of the top things to do in the world. the number of travelers has significantly increased throughout the past years, and it will continue to be on the rise for the next few years or so. curiosity has hit this generation and engraved a sense of wildness by exploring what the world has to offer. it is one of the best things about this world is that there is so much to explore, so much to see and learn when you travel which are some reasons why people choose to go so often.   

for frequent travelers or any traveler in that sense knows the importance of airport shuttle. whenever you visit, you will surely end up in an airport and one way or another you will need to get out of there so that you can explore the country you have stepped foot in. this is the primary reason for airport shuttle transportation. it helps travelers get to and from the airport to their desired destination. here are some of the types of airport shuttle service kitchener 
the first and one of the most used modes of transportation is the airport taxi. this is one of the more reliable modes of transportation from the airport because they could be found all around the airport. in almost all airports you could just ask security for the taxi lane, and they will be able to point it out to you in a matter of seconds.   
these taxis will always be there at the airport because they know that they will always have passengers because of the amount of tourists coming in. although the downside of this is that not all taxi drivers have fair rates and it may backfire on you when you are at your destination seeing the bill of the trip.  
another choice is the limousine. this is also offered in most airports, but unlike the taxi, this mode of transportation specializes in comfort and privacy. offering you a luxurious experience making you feel like royalty coming from the airport. the comfortable seats of a limo are far from the old seats of a taxi.   
the privacy and driving skills that you get from the driver is also at another level as they are well trained before being fielded into the rotation of limousine drivers. however, you pay for what you get which is why this transportation would charge significantly higher than a taxi or any other mode of transportation.  
the other type of airport shuttle transportation is by bus. now, this would be one of the more budget friendly options as it is the cheapest amongst the two mentioned above. it will help you out if you are on a budgeted trip and will be an adventure you will never forget. one of the downsides of taking the bus from the airport is that there are time schedules and if your flight does not coincide with it then it will take off without you. these are some of the types of airport shuttle transportations you may choose from should you need a lift from the airport.   


read more
 
 
 





  
 


about us






random posts




							ideal property and rental managers 						

 



							types of airport shuttle transportation  						

 



							why fall is the best time to install new windows 						

 



							the 5 most important reasons to have your bathtub ...						

 

 



recent comments



 
 



 




 

recent posts


why fall is the best time to install new windows 


the 5 most important reasons to have your bathtub refinished 


ideal property and rental managers 


types of airport shuttle transportation  


 recent comments  the scary monkey showwhy fall is the best time to install new windows the 5 most important reasons to have your bathtub refinished ideal property and rental managers types of airport shuttle transportation   archives

december 2022
april 2022

 categories

bath tubs

limo service

property to rent in hastings

window installation services


   
  
 


  
 

 











