










in-ground pools, above ground pools, spas and hot tubs























































skip to content












menu

inground pools

vinyl pools
fiberglass pools
pool install process


above ground pools

steel pools
aluminum
semi-inground pools


pool liners

inground liners
gli inground liners
above ground liners

gli vinyl liners

liner doctors
overlap patterns
beaded patterns






spas/hot tubs

the luxury spa line
special edition spa line
cottage spas
geyser spas
spa technology


financing
pool equipment
fence co.
outdoor life
contact

hours / locations


order parts













 
slider3slider4slider5slider1slider2slider6slider7slider8 



 







 



inground pools

now booking
2024 installations


spas – hot tubs


saratoga spas
reserve yours now!



above ground pools

24′ promenade
$9,595
deluxe package installed






 











in-ground pools, above ground pools, spas and hot tubs 



welcome to surfside pool company.
surfside pool company is a full service pool sales and installation company celebrating over 50 years of quality service.
surfside sells in-ground pools, above ground pools, pool supplies and pool maintenance. we also sell  saratoga spas and hot tubs.  complete the backyard of your dreams with our line of quality outdoor furniture from telescope casual.
with six convenient locations in massachusetts and southern new hampshire, and over 2,700 inground swimming pool installations and thousands of above-ground pool installations, surfside is ready to meet your swimming pool and spa/hot tub needs.
we are a family owned and operated business and understand what it takes to keep your family happy and together.
we take care to provide you with quality professional pool services.
services
we pride ourselves on the quality products and professional services that we offer you:

sales and installation services for  inground vinyl and fiberglass pools and spas
inground pool and above ground pool liner replacements
free on-site estimates for all inground pools
sales and quality installations for all above ground swimming pools
free, computerized pool and spa water analysis
an expansive selection of pool and spa chemicals, accessories, and replacement parts
pool openings, closings, and repair services
we also operate surfside fence company and offer a wide range of patio styles to help you complete your own backyard paradise!

why choose surfside?
there are plenty of pool builders out there. how do you know which one to choose? it’s an important decision and we’ll make it easy on you. let our forty years of expertise and long standing reputation as a leader in the pool industry be just a few of the reasons you choose surfside for your backyard project.
read more about the benefits of choosing surfside.
call: (844) 499-0496
acton, chelmsford, fitchburg, leominster, west boylston & amherst, nh








 

  


  


  


  


 



subscribe to our new newsletter



email





 

  

  


















  

 







          copyright © 
          2025 surfside pool company. all rights reserved.        


















