
surgery life enhancement – tijuana, mx: surgical & non-surgical male enhancement





































skip to content

 
 



search for:


go!





phone:+1 (805) 956-2843contact us


before & after
videos
reviews
about
 







surgery life enhancement tijuana, mx: surgical & non-surgical male enhancement 

pmma girth enhancement
penis enlargement surgery
penis lengthening surgery · suspensory ligamentolysis
before & after gallery
penis enlargement videos
muscle site pmma injections
patient reviews & testimonials
sle penis enlargement forums
men’s health articles
scheduling & appointments
contact sle
about sle






search for:


go!









welcome to surgery life enhancement 2024 

surgery life enhancement · male enhancement
surgery life enhancement ♂ phallocare male enhancement located in tijuana, mexico specializes in contemporary medical procedures for men including surgical & non-surgical penis enlargement & muscle site augmentation. our mission is to provide men the best male enhancement solutions through optimal penis enlargement surgery results coupled with the leading non-surgical pmma girth injections techniques. you’ll find this website to be a different and refreshingly truthful view of what can be accomplished in the realm of penis enlargement plastic surgery & non-surgical male enhancement treatments.
distinct from other phalloplasty clinics, surgery life enhancement counselors have all undergone penis enlargement surgery, and we understand your desire to achieve a bigger penis. often, penis size is a core factor in a man’s self-confidence and esteem. whatever the circumstances are that brought you here, we are here for you. surgery life enhancement provides you our complete support with respect, discretion, and understanding as you consider your penis enlargement surgery experience.
surgery life enhancement’s phallocare penis enlargement clinic was founded over 20 years ago in 1996. since our origination, we have performed over 4,500 penis enlargement procedures and pioneered many of the leading innovations in surgical and non-surgical penis enlargement known today. our state-of-the-art surgical penis enlargement techniques have been refined and perfected to precision. if you want to add inches to your penis size, contact us for a confidential consultation to learn more about your options for natural penis enlargement, cosmetic male enhancement surgery, and non-surgical augmentation options today.
meet doctor colorado – board certified urologist – sle chief surgeon

 
surgery life enhancement’s dr. colorado is a board certified urologist with over 36 years experience specializing in surgical urology and andrology. graduating from the university of madrid, spain in 1984, dr. c has been practicing urology surgery in tijuana, baja california since 1998. currently, dr. c is a professor of urology theory at the universidad autónoma de baja california, (uabc), and has served as the sle chief male enhancement surgeon since 2018.
dr. colorado’s penile enlargement treatments are exclusive with surgery life enhancement. when it comes to penis enlargement surgeries and non-surgical girth injection procedures, experience is everything. there are no exceptions! over the years, dr. c has achieved mastery—level penile enlargement techniques; performing 1000’s of male enhancement procedures with sle.
at surgery life enhancement, all penis enlargement services are focused on providing patients with passionate care and unmatched penile length and girth results. from our expert-trained medical staff, to our state-of-the-art surgical facilities, superior pmma enhancement products, and experienced post-operative care staff, men have traveled the world over for our specialized surgical and non-surgical penis enlargement treatments since 1996.




view sle patient reviews


penis enlargement surgery · phalloplasty procedures
size does matter to you, and to us! penile enlargement surgery is available to add permanent erect length and erect girth. surgical penis enlargement and penoplasty procedures are widely recognized by the medical and scientific community as the leading method for penis enlargement. surgery life enhancement penile enlargement procedures are exclusively performed by our world-renowned urological surgeons, dr. ricardo and dr. colorado. sle penoplasty is only performed utilizing our state of the art río médica medical center that is specially equipped with current and custom surgical technologies specific to our genital enlargement procedures. view sle penis enlargement surgery 👉 penis enlargement surgery
pmma penis enlargement procedures
surgery life enhancement provides the permanent alternative to penis enlargement surgery with the injectable filler pmma, also known as polymethylmethacrylate. pmma girth injections add .5-1.25 inches of permanent erect penile circumference. added penis girth varies with differing injected volumes of the filler. sle offers linnea safe® pmma procedure packages ranging from 30cc’s to 80cc’s. depending on pmma volumes to be injected, patients are instructed prior to pmma to implement a penile pumping, or stretching routine to help the penile shaft skin accommodate the newly added girth. view sle pmma male enlargement injections 👉 pmma penis girth enlargement

penis enlargement, what really works?
there is a lot of conflicting information on the internet regarding penis enlargement. today, penis enlargement advertisements boast huge penis size results from an array of methods ranging from pills, pumps, penis stretchers/extenders, natural jelqing techniques, chemical enlargement, penis enlargement surgery, penis silicone implants, non-surgical pmma girth injections, platelet rich plasma injections (prp shot), penis enlargement doctors, male enhancement experts, and anonymous penis enlargement forums (self-proclaimed experts). what penis enlargement techniques really work? some of these enlargement methods will increase your penis dimensions, and some are a waste of time & money.
do you want a bigger penis?
like most men, you probably answered yes. after all, you are researching surgery life enhancement. you can quote us on this, “your penis does not define you as a man, but if you would like to accentuate your penis permanently, we have specialized in surgical and nonsurgical male enhancement since 1996.” the modern man is extremely interested in achieving an alpha male status through physique, penis size, and finances.
according to total life enhancement – the male enhancement professionals and surgery life enhancement – penis enlargement data, 1000’s of men have opted for penis enlargement surgery, and muscle augmentation utilizing plastic surgery. researching the thick realms of penis enlargement may seem like a labyrinth designed to convince a man that his penis in somehow inadequate. in 1948, the kinsey institute scientifically documented 2500 penis sizes. the average erect penis size for most men was documented by kinsey’s team and averaged 5 to 6 inches long by 4 to 5 inches in circumference.
the majority of our patients had penis size endowments that were well in the range of average to above average. some urologists and doctors are only pro penis enlargement surgery when the man’s penis is well below average and considered a micropenis. a micropenis is a term used by the urological community that refers to a penis size that is less than 2.8 inches flaccid stretched length (flaccid stretch length is closely correlated to erect penis length). at surgery life enhancement we provide penis enlargement for all men, regardless of your penis size.

surgery life enhancement 
as seen in
     
     














copyright © 2025 surgery life enhancement
youtube
sle on facebook
sle twitter
pinterest
instagram




privacy | disclaimer: surgery life enhancement's content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. website design by san diego systems - san diego, ca







