







fjords & firths - adventures in the cool north













































		skip to content	



fjords & firths

			adventures in the cool north		




menu					 
close					 


destinationsopen menu

100 places
canada
england
iceland
scotland


photographyopen menu

digital
film


about
contact
 






8 good reasons to visit iceland in may


 



iceland in may is a great idea! we’ve spent some time in iceland in june and october as well, but may remains our favourite. we picked the month of may to visit iceland for the first time back in 2013 for several good reasons. i will tell you all about it in this post. since…… continue reading 8 good reasons to visit iceland in may


published march 13, 2022categorised as iceland, travel  



best time to visit iceland for a road trip


 



been wondering about the best time to visit iceland for a road trip? well, iceland is always a good idea any time of year if you ask me (i’d be happy just to be in iceland doing absolutely nothing, to be honest), but some months are definitely better than others for a smooth and successful…… continue reading best time to visit iceland for a road trip


published february 9, 2022categorised as iceland, travel  



2 weeks in iceland: a comprehensive itinerary


 



we spent our first 2 weeks in iceland on a road trip in may 2013. we have done two other iceland road trips and a brief stopover in reykjavik since. this is the itinerary for our first road trip. our original itinerary was not a perfect itinerary. we did have to backtrack a couple of…… continue reading 2 weeks in iceland: a comprehensive itinerary


published september 19, 2017categorised as iceland, travel  



the scottish borders: medieval abbeys and fascinating history


 



we spent the last four nights of our scotland trip in autumn last year in the scottish borders. staying in a rustic cottage near the town of selkirk, we were not only close to the main attractions, the scottish borders abbeys, but also to england. we had spent most of our trip driving around the…… continue reading the scottish borders: medieval abbeys and fascinating history


published august 25, 2017categorised as scotland, travel  



how to plan your dream iceland road trip on a budget


 



so you want to know how to plan an iceland road trip on a budget. well, you’re in luck! having done it before (three times!), i have a few practical tips to share that you might find helpful in your trip-planning. they’re all based on common sense, really, so i wouldn’t claim them to be…… continue reading how to plan your dream iceland road trip on a budget


published june 5, 2017categorised as iceland, travel tagged travel tips 



iceland in late october: the grand plan


 



we spent two nights in reykjavik, iceland in late october last year on our way back from scotland. all the time i was there, i was wishing i had been somewhere outside the city, surrounded by the out-of-this-world natural landscape that iceland is famous for. nothing against reykjavik, mind you. it’s actually one of my…… continue reading iceland in late october: the grand plan


published february 17, 2017categorised as iceland, travel  



reykjavík in october: a lovely autumn day


 



we took advantage of icelandair’s free iceland stopover programme and had a lovely two-night stay in reykjavik in october on our way back to canada from our two-week road trip around scotland. we arrived on the same day hurricane nicole arrived in iceland! it made for an interesting flight with two aborted landings before we…… continue reading reykjavík in october: a lovely autumn day


published november 22, 2016categorised as iceland, travel  



scotland in autumn: the grand road trip plan


 



we had to cancel our april trip to france and iceland due to a cancer scare, but now we have decided to visit scotland in autumn instead! i figured we should go somewhere else later in the year to celebrate the non-cancer diagnosis and the husband’s milestone birthday. our destination shortlist included iceland (again!), wales,…… continue reading scotland in autumn: the grand road trip plan


published july 5, 2016categorised as scotland, travel  



iceland in april: important things to know


 



we’re going to iceland in april! this will be our second trip to iceland. the trip-planning has been so much easier than the first time around for sure. i remember feeling quite overwhelmed when i was planning our first trip in 2013. so much to see, so little time! you can’t see everything iceland has…… continue reading iceland in april: important things to know


published february 10, 2016categorised as iceland, travel  



navigating iceland: helpful tips and resources


 



navigating iceland is not really that difficult. i’ve found the roads in iceland to be very well-marked. we managed to find our way around iceland (even took some detours away from the ring road) without getting terribly lost, and all we had with us was a copy of a good, old-fashioned, paper map of iceland,…… continue reading navigating iceland: helpful tips and resources


published february 5, 2016categorised as iceland, travel tagged travel tips 


posts pagination
page 1
…
page 54
older posts 
 



hello!i’m firda, the sole proprietor of fjords and firths (the one on the right in the photo, in case you’re wondering). nice to meet you!

latest articles


8 good reasons to visit iceland in may


best time to visit iceland for a road trip


2 weeks in iceland: a comprehensive itinerary


the scottish borders: medieval abbeys and fascinating history


how to plan your dream iceland road trip on a budget



search…



 



instagram
mastodon







				proudly powered by wordpress.			



 











