








gemco mobile safety - special vehicles and shelters































skip naar inhoud


gemco homepage

open menusluit menu
 about us
markets served

military
railways
telecom
airports
civil defence


products

cbrn / decontamination
mobile masts
specials


case studies

extreme stable unguyed mobile mast


3 jobsnews/blogcontact




inventive responses forunwanted scenarios

our products



with an emphasis on special


gemco mobile safety is entirely dedicated to the design, engineering, manufacturing and assembly of special vehicles and shelters, with an emphasis on “special”.
the main areas of activity are military, railways, telecom, airports & civil defense. the extensive know-how and many years of experience in special-built vehicles allow the company to provide continuously improved and innovative solutions.

about us








products
cbrn / decontaminationmore infosee allmobile mastsmore infosee allspecialsmore infosee allprevnextother products

core values


groundbreaking mobility solutions
discover how gemco offers groundbreaking mobility solutions to keep you moving forward.


elevating safety standards
at gemco, we are committed to elevating safety standards, ensuring your peace of mind.


mastering tailored mobility
we excel in mastering tailored mobility solutions to meet your unique needs.


creating critical solutions
gemco is dedicated to creating critical solutions that help you overcome challenges.


optimizing operational efficiency
our focus is on optimizing operational efficiency through innovative mobility solutions.






case studies



“groundbreaking technology and unique designs”


the innovative vision of gemco in vehicle design is truly inspiring.








“breakingboundaries of the conventional”


our teams are inspired to break the boundaries of conventional thinking and add a new dimension to mobility



the objective: design, develop, manufacture and assemble an ultra-high unguyed mobile telescopic 45m mast for installation, tilting and erection on a truck chassis.

read more





news


niet gecategoriseerdgemco conducts annual maintenance on decontamination units.
newsmast(er) training completed in sweden!
newsgemco delivers cbrn decontamination units to berliner feuerwehr for uefa euro 2024


more news





inventive responses for
unwanted scenarios 


gemco mobile safety b.v.p.o. box 1713 | 5602 bs eindhoven
sciencepark eindhoven 5053 | 5692 eb son
the netherlands+31 (0)40 2643 700sales@gemcosafety.com 
linkssales conditions
terms & conditions
 
productsmobile masts
cbrn / decontamination units
specials
 
we areiso 9001certified


copyright © 2025 gemco mobile safety b.v.privacy policy
contactgegevens
cookiebeleid (eu)






manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





voorkeuren


voorkeuren







de technische opslag of toegang is noodzakelijk voor het legitieme doel voorkeuren op te slaan die niet door de abonnee of gebruiker zijn aangevraagd.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
de technische opslag of toegang die uitsluitend wordt gebruikt voor anonieme statistische doeleinden. zonder dagvaarding, vrijwillige naleving door je internet service provider, of aanvullende gegevens van een derde partij, kan informatie die alleen voor dit doel wordt opgeslagen of opgehaald gewoonlijk niet worden gebruikt om je te identificeren.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
















