watch tv, movies & live sports online - now - join inskip to main contentskip to footerhelpmanage accountsign inmy accountmanage accountsign inhow now workswhat's ontv membershippick your experiencepick your experienceentertainmentcinemasportshayubroadbandsportsjoin nowseason 3 is here. watch the first episode now.boyzone: no matter whatstream every episodethe white lotuss1-2 streaming. s3 streaming weekly.game of thronesstream every episodeentertainment 6-month saverstream new and unmissable tv shows£9.99 £6.99 a monthincludes ads - you can choose to go ad-free1 at the next step. 6-month minimum term. saving based on fully flexible price.continue with offersee more entertainment plansafter the 6-month minimum term, entertainment membership auto-renews at £9.99 a month, unless cancelled. cancel anytime effective at the end of the minimum term. standard memberships include ads, unless you have boost or ultra boost. 1 ad-free excludes live channels and trailers promoting now content. not available to third party billed customers, e.g.  vodafone, apple, ee etc.terms & conditions18+. uk only. now account required, set up with debit/credit card. content streamed via broadband/3g/4g/5g (charge may apply) (min. speed 2.5mbps). watch on 1 device at a time (2 if you have now boost; 3 if you have ultra boost). roku lt, xs or 3 and uk account required to watch on roku. ongoing monthly prices and channels subject to change. some shows aren't available live or on catch up. shows are available on catch up for at least 7 days from date first shown. download selected now shows via wi-fi in uk. android and ios mobile devices only. streaming only on all other supported devices (downloads unavailable). 2 downloads per episode. downloads deleted from device 48 hours after viewing starts or no later than 30 days after. offers and monthly savers not available to existing customers currently billed by a third party such as vodafone, apple, ee or bt.entertainment 6-month saver: after the 6-month minimum term entertainment membership auto-renews at standard price (currently £9.99 a month), unless cancelled. cancel anytime effective at the end of the minimum term. choose your membershippick the experience that's right for you. entertainment unmissable dramas and exclusive showshbo box sets and brand new sky originalschoose membershipcinema the latest blockbusters on demandnew sky original films every monthchoose membershipsportswatch all 12 sky sports channels, and every sky sports+ stream.one-day or monthly membershipchoose membershipstream livesports membership stream sky sports instantlychoose a day or month membership and access all 12 live channels and every sky sports+ stream. memberships from £14.99coming upfind out morestream livethe garfield moviestreamingcinema membershipfresh from the box officestream the latest premieres, iconic collections and all-time classics.choose your membershipbrilliant blockbustersfind out morethe garfield moviestreamingthe day of the jackalstream every episodeentertainment membershipstream the latest showsnew dramas, exclusive sky originals and epic box sets.choose your membershiptrending showsfind out morethe day of the jackalstream every episodeany questions?what is a now membership?now brings you a world of brilliant entertainment, straight to your screen. as a member, you can enjoy the latest movies, unmissable dramas, wonderful kids shows and the best live sports.  what are boost and ultra boost?boost and ultra boost are add-ons that upgrade your membership. with boost, you can stream ad-free1, in full hd2 (1080p), with dolby digital 5.1 audio and on 2 devices at once. ultra boost enhances your experience even further with dolby atmos, 4k ultra hd2 and streaming on 3 devices at once.  find out more here.1 ad-free excludes live channels and trailers promoting now. 2 features available on selected content and devices only. you'll need a minimum internet speed of 12mpbs to utilise boost and 30mpbs for ultra boost.what devices can i watch on? you can watch now on over 60 different devices. watch online at nowtv.com or download the app to watch on the go. for a full list of compatible devices and what to do, click here.how much does a now membership cost? a now membership lets you watch what you want, on your terms. you can join with entertainment, cinema, sports and hayu.your now membership gives you access to live tv channels (cinema, entertainment and sports) and on-demand content (cinema, entertainment, sports and hayu).now entertainment membership - £9.99 a monthnow cinema membership - £9.99 a monthnow hayu membership - £4.99 a monthnow sports membership - £34.99 a monthnow sports day membership - £14.99 for 24 hours the legal bitwork for usprivacy optionsprivacy & cookiescomplaintsaccessibilityterms & conditionshow to contact ushelpgo to ireland site