






home theater direct – manufacturer of speakers and whole-house audio equipment | htd




javascript is disabled on your browser.
		to view this site, you must enable javascript or upgrade to a javascript-capable browser.
	

 building a house? free home audio plans.m-f 8am-6pm central  972-312-9900 manufacturing and selling direct since 1999*free shipping on orders over $500       login or  register   0  your cart is empty     quick order   homespeakerscabinet speakerslevel threelevel twoversa on-wallpowered subwoofersin-ceiling / in-wall speakershdx high definitionsdx standard defin-wall subwooferoutdoor speakersshop by applicationpowered subwooferscenter channelfront left and rightsurround speakersfor atmoson-wall soundbarsamplifiers12-channel (multiroom)2-channel (stereo)subwoofer amplifierswhole-house audioentry-level systemmid-level (mc/mca) systemadvanced (lync) systemhome audio appvoice assistant platformswhole-house accessoriesaccessoriesspeaker stands and mounting bracketsspeaker cablescable connectors and wall platesvoice assistant accessoriesconstruction bracketswhole-house accessoriesline level gain boostersaudio balunsvolume controlsir distributioncustomer reviewsorder policiesshipping and tax30-day guaranteewarrantyreturn policysupportblog, faq, & troubleshootingyoutube videosdownloadssend us your planscontact us❯ chat with us ❮ go     go    a great combinationour brand: sold direct, our support: expert and free learn more about htd whole-house audiomodern systems you can install yourself andcontrol with smart devices, control pads, and voice. learn more about htd whole-house audio the htd home audio appmanage all of the audio zones throughout your home from a single app. learn more about the home audio app voice control and more!use voice, schedules, and triggered eventsto control your htd whole-house audio system. learn more about voice control speakersfor home theater & whole-house systems.impeccable quality, unbeatable direct price. learn more about our speakers mounting kits for echo dotstream music and hear alexa through your stereo,home theater, or whole-house audio system. learn more about our dot kits level three speakersin-wall / in-ceiling speakerson-wall speakerslync whole-house audio systemmc whole-house audio systemaudition your way30 day in-home trialcheck out htd speakers and electronics in your space, with your music, risk free for 30 days. get the details since 1999, home theater direct® has been designing and manufacturing speakers and electronics for home theater and whole-house audio. our htd® brand is sold direct to consumers with a diy mindset. by avoiding distributors and wholesalers, our price to performance ratio is second to none.we stand behind everything we make with knowledgeable and friendly customer support. we fill every support rep's office and home with htd gear, so you know you’re getting real-world answers and guidance.put our experienced support team and proprietary and patented products to the test. every purchase automatically includes a 30-day guarantee and a 2-5 year warranty.     back to top  don't settle for a generic speaker- we specialize in speaker design and it shows in every speaker we make.hdx manual and installation instructionshere are some things to consider when choosing from our hdx line:the swivel tweeters are recessed behind the grille so the speakers look perfectly flush, even though the most directional frequencies are aimed where you need them.a +/-3db tweeter switch and a +/-3db woofer switch give you complete control in fine-tuning the speakers to your room and personal taste. non-ideal placement, such as in a corner, is no longer a problem.our anodized aluminum dome tweeter produces crisp detail with none of the harshness or ringing associated with other metal dome tweeters.the larger the woofer, the more bass you will achieve. you also get more power handling. both are important for large rooms.our proprietary design allows for either of two styles of included grilles to be attached. choose from a trimless grille attached via hidden magnets or a press-fit grille that exposes a modest trim, similar to canned lighting.the grilles (and trim if exposed) can be painted to match your decor, making the speakers virtually invisible.all of our hdx in-wall and in-ceiling speakers are well suited for use outdoors and in high moisture areas like bathrooms. each speaker includes weather-resistant components, stainless steel hardware, and the smaller powder-coated aluminum grille will not rust.30-day guarantee.5-year warranty.don't settle for a generic speaker- we specialize in speaker design and it shows in every speaker we make.sdx manual and installation instructionshere are some things to consider when choosing from our sdx line of in-ceiling and in-wall speakers:the swivel tweeters are recessed behind the grille so the speakers look perfectly flush, even though the most directional frequencies are aimed where you need them.a +/-3db tweeter switch allows you to fine-tune the speakers to your room and personal taste, or to better match other speakers in a surround sound environment.polypropylene woofers with a butyl rubber surround and oversize magnets produce a quick and accurate response from a speaker that will last virtually forever.our silk (not just fabric) dome tweeters provide a smooth response in the high frequency range, keeping vocals and dialogue clear and natural sounding.the larger the woofer, the more bass you will achieve. you also get more power handling. both are important for large rooms.our proprietary design allows for either of two styles of included grilles to be attached. choose from a trimless grille attached via hidden magnets or a press-fit grille that exposes a modest trim, similar to canned lighting.the grilles (and trim if exposed) can be painted to match your decor, making the speakers virtually invisible.30-day guarantee.5-year warranty.  stay connected   shipping & tax30 day guaranteewarrantyreturns policyabout uscustomer reviewsblog: faq & troubleshootcontact usoutletmy accountwork hereprivacy & cookies © 2025 home theater direct, inc. all rights reserved.  















