



  


 

playworks center for development and learning







 





































 























 




















 


 

 kelli@playworks.cc



            	(909) 792-0543            	









                	menu                    
playworks
about us

about us
philosophy
testimonials
gallery

+
services
funding
clinical director
contact us

contact us
careers

+
 
     


 

 


 about playworks
playworks is a private practice of professionals providing assessment, intervention, and consultation to families of young children with special needs since 1996. we specialize in working with children presenting complex developmental issues related to diagnoses including autism spectrum disorders. our approach to children and families is influenced by models including the dir®/floortime™ model, ayres sensory integration®, and social thinking®.
 
our services include assessment, occupational therapy, speech-language therapy, social communication groups, and consultation for families of children with a range of risk factors or special needs conditions. we accept new clients from infancy to age six at the time of enrollment.
learn more about playworks  our services
    assessment 
    occupational therapy 
    social communication groups 
    speech-language therapy 
    consultation 
learn more
in network providers:
  gallery  take a peek inside playworks  contact playworks today!   




 
 
about us 
playworks is a private practice of professionals providing assessment, speech language therapy, and consultation to families of young children with special needs since 1996.


servicesassessment
occupational therapy
speech-language therapy
social communication groups
consultation
hours 
monday – thursday by appointment only.
friday – sunday closed to public 

location 
112 11th street, redlands, ca 92374

 
 

© 2016 playworks center for development and learning, inc. all rights reserved. design and development by 159 design

follow us
     





to top





































