



christian paintings, jesus art, christian painting of jesus crucifixion










christian paintings and art by christian artist spencer williams 


















home




christian



landscape



birds



underwater



animals



silk 
              banners



ordering 
              info 


faq's
  




 











welcome to spencer williams gallery
      


 




  
                   among these pages you will find a broad selection of works from 
                  my earliest wildlife paintings 
                  to current images of a more christian 
                  flavor. i would like to take this opportunity to tell you 
                  a little something about myself. from my earliest memories i 
                  always knew i would be an artist. i was serious in high school 
                  and won a full tuition scholarship to rocky mountain school 
                  of art. after graduating with both the degrees they offered 
                  i moved to atlanta to start working.  not long afterward i moved from the commercial art 
                  world and started painting what you will see here. it seemed 
                  natural for me to paint wildlife because i have always been 
                  fascinated with our natural world and the diversity of life 
                  around me. similarly the inclusion of christian 
                  images into my body of work 
                  should raise no eyebrows for those who know me. to that end 
                  i make no apology for the scope of paintings represented here, 
                  these are not all that i have available but rather a sampling. 
                  it is my wish that they will bless you and that you may find 
            in the viewing, some of what i feel in the painting. 
 







i have been painting now 
                  for close to thirty years, and i don't know if my perception 
                  of the world agrees with anyone else's but i've been striving; 
                  for excellence in order to make my visions clear to the viewer. 
                  as i said i cannot remember a time when i didn't want to be 
                  an artist. i haven't always been a christian though, and since 
                  that day i have always signed a scripture on my paintings as 
                  a witness to god's mercy and grace which allows me to continue 
                  painting. i now reside in the great smoky mountains of tennessee.



 
 


 
to contact the artist you may do one of the following : 





 1) e-mail
        2.) call (865)805 1802
            








 




        3) mail to:

        spencer williams art
         3121 autumn oaks circle
         kodak tn 37764
         


 









spencer 
      williams gallery ·  kodak 
      tennessee  ·

sitemap  |  home  |  christian  |  landscape  |  birds  |  underwater  |  animals  |  silk banners  |  links  |  ordering info


copyright © 2020-2022 spencer williams jesus paintings 
          & wildlife art. all rights reserved. private policy






      christian art, 
      christian artist, christian paintings, oil painting of the savior,   religious artwork,  jesus crucifixion, lamb of god painting 



website design by web templates gallery. web development by design essentials 


