







delaware assistive technology initiative (dati) - center for disabilities studies











































































 


 













education & human development








center for disabilities studies 


quick linksquick linksprograms at cdscontacts at cdscds opportunitiesour annual reportupcoming events close

  







main menuhomewho we areour missionour core connectionsour fundingcds by the numbersour teamour advisory councilsupport cdswhat we doat a glanceassistive technologyk-12 educationuniversity educationtransitions to adulthoodautism initiativeshealth & wellnessadvocacypublicationsour annual reportpeer-reviewed researchbook and chapter citationsposters and presentationscds reportsthe delawareat messengervideos & slideshowsabout cdsadvocacyassistive technologyeducationemploymenteventshealth and wellnessbloginclusion blognewsfrom cdsoutside cdsopportunities at cds 



search




search











delaware assistive technology initiative (dati)











funded by the administration on community living, the delaware assistive technology initiative (dati) helps delawareans find and try tools that support learning, communication, personal care, employment and leisure pursuits. dati raises awareness of assistive technology (at) through community events, such as health fairs and exhibits, and offers training to people with disabilities, families and professionals. dati also operates several programs that help people acquire the tools they need.
assistive technology resource centers
delaware atrcs house a vast inventory of equipment, software and toys, from communication devices and items that support people with vision and hearing loss to modified eating utensils and textured playthings. visitors to dati don’t need to know exactly what product they are looking for—they just need to describe what they’d like to be able to do more quickly, safely or independently, and dati specialists will help them explore a variety of solutions. the centers, listed here, are open to the public and services are free to all delaware residents.

dati central site and new castle county • 
center for disabilities studies
college of education and human development
university of delaware
461 wyoming road newark, del. 19716-5901
800-870-dati (3284) • 302-831-0354
302-831-4690 (fax)
email: newcastle.atrc@dati.org
dati kent/sussex atrc • 
milford wellness village
21 west clarke avenue, suite 1200
milford, de 19963
302-739-6885
302-831-4690 (fax)
email: kent-sussex.atrc@dati.org

to make an appointment, please email dati’s new castle county atrc or kent/sussex atrc or call 1-800-870-dati. to learn more about the resource centers, read this udaily article.
at exchange
dati’s at exchange is an easily-accessed system that connects people wanting to acquire at at wholesale prices to people wishing to give up at they own but no longer need. the at exchange features an array of inventory categories, including wheelchairs and walkers, vision and hearing equipment, adapted vehicles and lifts, communication devices, computers, environmental adaptations, specialized beds, and aids for daily living. many items featured on the at exchange are also listed at no cost.
the at exchange is for the exclusive use of people with disabilities and their families; listings from vendors are not accepted. people can submit listings on line or can contact sandy walls at 302-739-6885 with listings or inquiries. review current at exchange listings.
equipment demo/loan
dati specialists offer one-on-one demonstrations of any of the more than 1,900 unique items of at in dati’s resource centers. once visitors locate tools in the centers that might meet their needs, they’re welcome to borrow them to try at home, work, school or in the community. many funding sources look more favorably on requests for funding when the person requesting it has already tried it out, and dati makes that possible. dati specialists also inform visitors about financial aid options should they wish to buy the at they sample.
search dati’s equipment demonstration and loan inventory; to arrange a demonstration or loan, contact the atrc in newark.





dati locations
new castle county
kent/sussex atrc 



ask beth

: where can i find funding for the device i need?

beth mineoat help desk

 
				that depends on what type of at is involved and potentially your age or other personal circumstances (are you a veteran, in school or covered by insurance). if the device is something you need for employment or school you may want to contact … 
              read more


ask us a question
find more answers


 







center for disabilities studies








461 wyoming road
newark, de 19716
phone: 302-831-6974
tdd: 302-831-4689 


















©2025 university of delaware
comments
legal notices
accessibility notice























































