

call processing solutions mobile using ivr and voice broadcasting technology












 













home  |  
             contact us  |  
             about us  |  
             sign up  |  
             faq








call center software    
      call processing products    
      customers   
      site map



call center technology  •  
      dsc mobile friendly  •  
      voice broadcasting solutions  •  
      custom ivr












applications

call reassurance
church calls
whitefish impact fees / greedy politicians
school announcements
latchkey kids
emergency broadcasting
phone surveys
whitefish cheating impact fees












call center solutions



database systems corp. (dsc) has been providing data management products and services since 1978.  our customers span a wide range of industries and levels of our government.  
our expertise is in computer telephony integration software, ivr applications, voice broadcasting and advanced call center software.  

besides offering a complete line of computer phone systems, dsc also provides call processing solutions and applications at our secure data center.  these services include custom phone application development as well as hosted ivr and voice broadcasting services.

dsc is a privately held corporation but we have served quite a few major corporations as well as small businesses.  
our customer loyalty and retention over the years by these clients is a source of great pride for our company.    
dsc's commitment to develop leading edge technologies will always be there.  our goal is to provide the best products and services for our customers.


contact dsc to learn more about our call center software and phone systems.

voice broadcasting



dsc provides both voice broadcasting systems and outsourced voice broadcast services. the dsc autodialing phones incorporate the latest processors from intel and are managed using windows operating systems. dsc also utilizes computer telephony components that control the phone functions. 

the dsc voice broadcast system manages phone lists and instructs the phone controller to dial a number. if the call is answered (either by an answering machine or an individual), a pre-recorded phone message is played. if the voice broadcast system detects a no answer condition or busy signal, the message can be rescheduled for delivery later that day or into the following day. 






online registration




dsc now provides an online signup for both non-profit and business organizations wishing to use our voice broadcasting outsourcing services.  signup using our online form is easy and can be accomplished in just minutes!  our competitive rates are affordable, even for the smallest calling campaign.

use this form to obtain a quotation and pricing information. when you are ready to start calling, simply complete this application and provide us with your payment information.

both emergency and non-emergency voice broadcasting services can be provided by dsc.

to register online, click on the the online registration image or button on the right.

interactive voice response (ivr)



dsc offers complete ivr systems and ivr services along with custom application development for virtually any phone application that your organization requires. 

our professional staff of ivr programmers and developers can use our ivr design process to analyze your phone application and develop it to meet your objectives. your phone program does not have to conform to a static ivr system. instead custom ivrs developed by our programming staff will process inbound phone calls according to your business rules. 

for further information, please visit our ivr website.  if you have a specific ivr application you would like developed, please fill out our online registration form.




customer profile - american red cross












"the american red cross is a humanitarian organization that provides emergency assistance, disaster relief and education inside the united states, as part of the international federation of red cross and red crescent societies." - www.redcross.org


the american red cross selected database systems corp. to provide our emergency notification system for emergency broadcasting requirements.  the red cross uses this system for internal phone notification to alert its key employees and emergency response personnel during a disaster.  
using our inbound ivr included with this emergency alert system, red cross personnel can record messages over the phone and transmit these messages to selected groups.   











care - call reassurance for seniors

database systems corp. provides phone systems and software that assist communities by automatically calling homebound residents, particularly the elderly, ensuring their well-being.  this program is called care, or call reassurance.  

care recipients receive a daily call and if our phone system determines that the call is not answered, our care program automatically contacts a family member or community worker.  care systems incorporate both voice broadcasting and ivr technologies.





signup for individual care




besides care systems used by communities and service organizations, database systems corp. provides a senior calling service directly to individual citizens.  this service calls subscribers to ensure they are ok or to remind them to take their medications.  

dsc partners such as senior community centers and law enforcment organizations can provide this daily check up calling service to their communities using our ecare program.  the following individual calling programs can be performed using our daily calling service.


call reassurance - senior calling service
  latchkey kids - after school call service
  reminder calls - send reminders 
  emergency calls - broadcast emergency message




for complete information about our care program, please visit the telephone reassurance website.

emergency alert solutions

with our emergency alert phone systems and service, database can broadcast emergency notification messages to thousands of households warning of natural disasters such as severe weather warnings.  



pre-recorded warning messages can be played providing your community with travel warnings and advising them where to seek shelter.  

emergency broadcast systems likewise can provide other safety instructions.  emergency communications can provide warnings to specific neighborhoods or communities in the event of a wildfire or chemical spill.  

call recipients can contact emergency operators that are standing by to handle special individual emergencies.  our emergency phone dialer can broadcast messages seeking volunteers or special assistance from emergency response personnel.

for further information, please visit our emergency broadcasting website including our online registration information.

contact database systems corp.

contact dsc to learn more about our call center software and computer telephony software.













          
          copyright   1998 - 2022 database systems corp. all rights reserved.







