









livingston interior design | rocky mountain design interiors












































home
portfolio

 


select page


  
 
 











explore

rocky mountain
design~interiors

view gallery







601 w. park street livingston,  mt406-222-6262
 


we specialize in “montana rustic” with sophisticated rustic collections in
old world, leather, burled pine, birchbark, natural reclaimed woods, 
hand painted and one of a kind pieces.













friendly environment
rocky mountain design-interiors offers full interior design services, including custom window treatments, furniture placement, and assistance with purchasing furniture and accessories.






p

all projects welcome
here at rmdi, we will listen to your needs and help you create your own personal style, whether it’s a small project or a complete re-design of your home’s interior. come visit a showroom today!








custom furnishings & window coverings
rmdi is proud to offer some of the most unique, hand-selected furnishings and custom designed window coverings to create a level of comfort to align with your lifestyle that suits your needs as they change and grow.






z

discover the rmdi experience
whether you’re starting from the ground up or just want to explore something new; carina and john bring a diversity of perspective, experience and originality to each relationship and home.









about rmdi…

rocky mountain design-interiors, owned by john and carina russell, asid; is a complete interior design firm offering design services for montana and surrounding mountain areas.
carina russell is a professional member of the american society of interior designers. services include specifications to cater to the client’s needs, from rustic to contemporary styles.
rocky mountain design-interiors is accomplished in both residential and commercial projects in montana, idaho and wyoming. they are a complete resource for furniture, fabrics, area rugs, fine leathers, artwork, window coverings, lighting, accessories and more. their 2 showrooms located in bozeman and livingston montana are open to the public and represent a fine sampling of their resources.

casinos ao vivo: a nova tendência em 2024
os casinos ao vivo são a mais recente tendência no mundo dos jogos online, proporcionando uma experiência de jogo única e imersiva. a grande inovação desta modalidade de jogo reside na interação em tempo real com dealers reais, transmitidos diretamente de estúdios de alta tecnologia. esta interatividade transforma o jogo online, tornando-o muito mais envolvente e realista.
os  podem escolher entre uma vasta gama de jogos ao vivo, desde a tradicional roleta e blackjack até jogos mais inovadores como o monopoly live. além disso, os casinos ao vivo oferecem bónus exclusivos que aumentam ainda mais o valor das apostas, tornando a experiência de jogo mais emocionante.
ao jogar em casinos ao vivo, os jogadores desfrutam da emoção de um casino físico, mas com a conveniência de jogar no conforto de sua casa.





































































est. 1978

rocky mountain design-interiors has been in business successfully since 1978, under the ownership of john and carina russell.  interior design projects have included mountain lodges in montana to contemporary homes in florida. along with great design consulting rocky mountain design-interiors is also a fabulous livingston and bozeman furniture store.





our furniture

with resources of over 200 companies, any style or specific needs can be met. resources include furniture made of: sustainable woods, reclaimed antique wood, hand-forged iron, rustic copper detail, aniline died leathers and local montana crafted pieces.










window coverings

here at rocky mountain design-interiors, we set a standard of excellence in providing top level customer services to our clientele.
let us help you choose and install the most fitting window treatments and window coverings that give you an exceptional look, feel and functionality!







rmdi newsletter:

rocky mountain design interiors, owned by carina russell, professional asid member of 20 years. here she has written several articles that take you on a deeper dive into the challenges and excitement of interior design and quality home furnishing curation. we hope you’ll enjoy reading and learning from these interesting articles and maybe even get some new inspiration for your own living spaces. carina is available for consulting and sourcing some of the finest home decor treasures from around the world – you can give her a call today!










bozeman interior design 2020 – home accessories tips by rocky mountain interior design
bozeman interior design and furniture: let's not forget the accessories simplicity in interior design is a positive approach to any project.   when the basic foundation of the home is complete, including roof replacement, foundation repairs, insulation, plumbing,...
read more



where is interior design going in 2020?
ten years ago the design industry had a major design change.  at that time we were just coming out of the “great recession” and people were cautiously starting to spend again.  to promote new ideas in interior design whole home, the design industry and experts like...
read more



bozeman interior design by rocky mountain design-interiors: article – april 26, 2019
bozeman interior design by rocky mountain design-interiors: article - april 26, 2019 review of high point furniture market 2019 my colleague and i just returned from the largest furniture market in north america.  it is in high point north carolina where over 80% of...
read more



































 







rmdi rocky mountain design interiors
601 w. park street
livingston, mt  59047
406-222-6262
rmdi@rockymountaindesign.com

quick site links:home
portfolio

 



all rights reserved - rocky mountain design-interiors | website by websuite media 




























