











home - east texas news - east texas news


































                search              



                e-edition              



                subscribe              









 




			60 °
		

			clear		

				forecast
			














                  polk county enterprise                



                  san jacinto news-times                



                  trinity county news-standard                



                  tyler county booster                



                  east texan magazine                









advanced search









toggle navigation




main menu






home



                  news                


                  sports                


                  obituaries                


                  opinion                



                  features 




                        agriculture                      


                        automotive                      


                        books                      


                        business                      


                        education & careers                      


                        entertainment                      


                        food & drink                      


                        gardening                      


                        green living                      


                        health                      


                        home improvement                      


                        kids & family                      


                        lifestyle                      


                        money matters                      


                        outdoors                      


                        pets                      


                        real estate                      


                        seniors                      


                        spanish                      


                        tech                      


                        travel                      


                        trivia, history & games                      





                  marketplace 




                        this week's print ads                      


                        shop local business directory                      


                        this week's classifieds                      


                        place a classified                      


                        tyle county real estate                      





                  contests 




                        40 under 40                      


                        best of east texas                      


                        halloween costume contest                      





                  legals 




                        polk county legal ads                      


                        san jacinto legal ads                      


                        trinity county legal ads                      


                        tyler county legal ads                      


                        other texas legal ads                      


                        place a legal ad in polk county                      


                        place a legal ad in san jacinto legal ad                      


                        place a legal ad in trinity county                      


                        place a legal ad in tyler county                      





                  send your news! 




                        report news                      


                        letters to the editor                      


                        anniversary announcement                      


                        birth announcement                      


                        birthday announcement                      


                        engagement announcement                      


                        obituary announcement                      


                        wedding announcement                      



























top stories





traffic stop leads to multiple narcotics arrests













						last week, a routine traffic stop conducted by the polk county sheriff’s office night shift patrol led to a significant narcotics investigation. 

 the investigation occurred on mill gate  …					



the national forests and grasslands in texas to conduct controlled burns to reduce wildfire risk, improves forest health













						lufkin, texas, february 12, 2025 – the national forests and grasslands in texas (nfgt) will begin prescribed burn operations this winter and spring across its forests and grasslands. these  …					



police investigate two-vehicle crash













						trinity — texas department of public safety troopers are investigating a two-vehicle crash on state highway 19, south of trinity, that occurred feb. 3. 

 the preliminary crash investigation  …					



cartoon 02-13-2025a

















nichols, educational leaders speak out about school choice bill













						austin –  last wednesday, senate bill 2, which is titled providing school choice, was fast-tracked by gov. greg abbott as an emergency item. 

 the bill, which was penned by sen. brandon  …					



one killed in afternoon crash, one arrested













						shepherd — texas department of public safety troopers are investigating a fatal crash on farm-to-market road 3460 in shepherd that occurred saturday. 

 the preliminary crash investigation  …					



local sentenced to 50 years for murder













						de’andre shermail wright, 24 of livingston, entered a guilty plea on jan. 13 and was sentenced to 50 years for the may 5, 2024 murder of jasmine muldoon, 25 of livingston. 

 muldoon was  …					



mass murderer enters plea deal













						coldspring — the mexican national arrest for the mass shooting in san jacinto county 2 years ago will serve the rest of his life in prison after reaching a plea agreement with prosecutors on  …					














						reviving dirt cake					


					did you ever make mud pies when you were a kid? i know i did, but mine were usually made of sawdust from my dad’s woodworking shop. it was easier to clean up after and to wash off my hands.  …				













					livingston city manager bill wiggins was the guest speaker for the february meeting of the polk county retired teachers’ association (pcrta). he reported on damage that was sustained during the  …				







						targeted improvement plan, academic calendar on agenda					


					the 2024-2025 targeted improvement plan and the 2025-2026 academic calendar will both be discussed and considered for approval by the board of trustees of the goodrich independent school district  …				








						onalaska accepts multiple roads in twin harbors					


					during its feb. 11 meeting, the onalaska city council approved a request submitted by the twin harbors subdivision property owners association to accept roads that were previously accepted and  …				










						rotarians hear about doolittle raid					


					local attorney and world war ii enthusiast joe roth presented a program on the doolittle raid for the rotary club of livingston thursday. 

 “the doolittle raid on april 18, 1942 during world  …				














the week in east texas




to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video


the week in east texas







most read stories



enjoying salmon three ways in one week




onalaska accepts multiple roads in twin harbors




traffic stop leads to multiple narcotics arrests




district champions




sarah mangham
































						all around east texas					









2025 texas fish art contest opens for entries




						athens — the texas freshwater fisheries center has opened the texas division of wildlife forever’s 2025 fish art contest for entries. 

 the fish art contest, accepting entries until  …					




so addressing mental health




						chief deputy andy lowrie and others from the polk county sheriff’s office presented a program on mental health for the livingston lions club wednesday. 

 lowrie said that the two biggest  …					




free disaster legal assistance for texans available

						austin — free legal assistance is available to texans who were affected by hurricane beryl. 

 texans with disaster-related legal issues may receive free legal assistance by calling the state  …					















beat the clock













						i found about five extra hours last week! one afternoon i arrived home far earlier than usual because i did no errands after work. i found time for what needed to be done rather than cramming every  …					



cartoon 02-13-2025

















cartoon 02-06-2025a

















cartoon 02-06-2025


























bid awarded for water line project

						having opened bids feb. 4, the livingston city council awarded the bid for the south washington water line improvements to 5t during its feb. 11 regular meeting. 

 engineer dalton brown said  …					

 




opinion






there’s mistakes, and then there’s deliberate malfeasance
the revelations that have come from the shuttering and review of the obama era usaid program are as eye-opening as they are sad, but there are a few in there that are downright infuriating. 

 of  …








public (legal) notice requirements in texas
there has been some confusion during the past several years about the requirements for businesses, city and county government, school districts, and individuals providing public notice to citizens in  …








there’s mistakes, and then there’s deliberate malfeasance
the revelations that have come from the shuttering and review of the obama era usaid program are as eye-opening as they are sad, but there are a few in there that are downright infuriating. 

 of  …






enjoying salmon three ways in one week




						we’ve always enjoyed salmon and it’s so good for you. it’s a great source of protein, plus it’s packed with omega-3 fatty acids, which are crucial for heart health, brain  …					




phi extends enrollment period

						the deadline for enrollment for air ambulance coverage previously offered by trinity county has been extended to feb. 28. 

 the previous deadline, according to michelle chaisson, membership  …					

 



































						sports & recreation					









district champions




							winning the first outright district title in school history, the onalaska wildcats celebrated a 77-58 championship in huntsville friday. 

 onalaska fell behind 10-2 early, but free throws kept  …						



				more sports				










						groveton wins trinity powerlifting meet					


					trinity — the groveton girls powerlifters won first and the boys second in saturday’s tiger strong powerlifting meet, held annually in trinity. 

 the placings came from first-place  …				















trinity edges out coldspring in defensive battle

coldspring — in a closely contested defensive showdown, the trinity tigers secured a hard-fought 42-37 victory over the coldspring trojans on feb. 4. 

 the game featured a slow offensive  …









trinity tigers secure district win over coldspring in defensive battle


				coldspring — in a hard-fought district matchup, the trinity tigers edged out the coldspring trojans 42-37, sealing the victory in the final moments of the game. 

 the contest was defined by  …			






			more			





























schwertner files legislation to strengthen border security measures

						austin — sen. charles schwertner, r-georgetown, filed legislation to aid county jails in their coordination and collaboration with ice and provide stronger legal tools to discourage the  …					


texas land commissioner urges court to investigate sale of border wall material




						austin — texas land commissioner dawn buckingham, m.d., announced that the texas general land office, the state of texas, and the state of missouri are asking a u.s. district court judge to  …					

 












bite by bite

check out these sweet suggestions for your sweetheart this valentine’s day




						i know people that eat dessert regularly after a meal … and there’s nothing wrong with that. i’m not a big dessert person myself however, much preferring something salty or savory.  …					

 



















						obituaries					
















david johnson

							it is with deep sorrow that we announce the passing of judge david g. johnson. judge johnson passed away in his home surrounded by loving family and friends on february 12, 2025. 

 david was born  …						









sarah mangham

							sarah elizabeth pridgen mangham, 51, of san antonio, texas, was born on january 21, 1974, in woodville, texas, and passed away on february 8, 2025, in san antonio, texas, following a brief illness.  …						






wilma carter

							wilma elaine carter, 74, of livingston, texas was born may, 17, 1950, in st. louis, missouri and passed away february 10, 2025, in livingston, texas. she was preceded in death by her mother, rachael  …						









jimmy hanks

							jimmy charles hanks, 89, of woodville passed away february 7, 2025. 

 born in woodville, texas to charley and velma hanks. he was a retired math teacher and a u.s. navy veteran who served in  …						









carolyn forse

							it is with great sadness that we announce the passing of carolyn lee forse, 73, from woodville, texas, on tuesday, february 4, 2025. 

 carolyn leaves behind three children: shannon gantt, deanna  …						






			more obituaries			


 
















outdoors





bassmaster open at rayburn this week

special to the booster 

   

 jasper — it’s safe to say that a majority of the 200-plus anglers scheduled to compete in the 2025 st. croix bassmaster open at sam rayburn  …









east texas fishing report


				b.a. steinhagen 

 fair. water stain; 55 degrees; 0.17 feet below pool. bass are fair on soft plastics in the cuts, or with frogs over grass. crappie are fair with jigs in flooded timber. catfish  …			











friends are the real reward


				looking back over my four decades of writing about the outdoors in newspapers and magazines, i have come to realize that the friendships i’ve made are the most satisfying, lasting reward of all  …			






			read more outdoors coverage			















































						our publications					














browse other issues 







browse other issues 







browse other issues 







browse other issues 







browse other issues 



 



















						news from around the web					
















ai chatbots are becoming romance scammers — and 1 in 3 people admit they could fall for one

							(bpt) - by mcafeeit started with a dm.for five months, 25-year-old computer programmer maggie k. exchanged daily messages with the man she met on instagram, convinced she had found something  …						









10 can't-miss places to visit in the winter

							are you looking for trip ideas to embrace the cold weather months? copilot compiled 10 drivable u.s. locations that are ideal for winter visits.						









noaa’s vast public weather data powers the local forecasts on your phone and tv – a private company alone couldn’t match it

							noaa operates fleets of satellites, sensors on airplanes and ocean-going buoys, as well as radar, providing the data used by weather forecasters nationwide – and freely available to anyone.						









what are the most distinctive baby names by state?

							spokeo used data from the social security administration to find the most unique baby names in every state across the country as of 2023.						









the best spring break destinations for both kids and their parents

							(bpt) - spring break takes on a whole new meaning when you become a parent. but that doesn't mean adults have to sacrifice all the fun for their kids.kalahari resorts & conventions, home to  …						




 







































                  100 e. calhoun, livingston, tx
                          phone: 936-327-4357



sections



                  news                


                  sports                


                  obituaries                


                  opinion                


                  features                


                  marketplace                


                  contests                


                  legals                


                  send your news!                





helpful links


              about us            


              contact us            


              terms of service            


              delivery issues            


              change of address            


              vacation stop            




get social


 



 










        © copyright 2025 east texas news      

powered by creative circle media solutions





 


