



balintawak arnis escrima of bobby taboada





























































 

 

 

 
 
site hosted by:
dialpoint 
communications corporation








balintawak arnis escrima.

 
welcome to the official home of bobby taboada's world balintawak arnis escrima.  
balintawak is a powerful and very fast filipino martial art originally from  
cebu city, the philippines .
grand master taboada, originally 
			from cebu city, phillipines, was trained in "old school" ways of 
			stick fighting where the physical abuse one endured in training 
			often exceeded the amount of abuse one experienced during an actual 
			physical confrontation. this combination of extremely rigorous 
			physical training, expert instruction and guidance from the great 
			grand master venancio "anciong" bacon and grand masters teofilo 
			velez and jose villasin, have produced this dynamic, highly-skilled, 
			insightful and caring martial arts practitioner and teacher. 

in 1979, grand master taboada left 
			the philippines and taught his art in new zealand before relocating 
			to the united states in 1991. he now resides in charlotte, north 
			carolina where he operates the headquarters for his balintawak 
			international organization. since his arrival in the u.s., he's been 
			a self-defense instructor for the north carolina justice academy and 
			he has assisted in crime prevention programs sponsored by the north 
			carolina sheriff's academy in the u.s. and other countries, such as 
			england, australia and canada. in the year 2000, he was inducted 
			into the world head council of family sokiship's international 
			hall of fame and was awarded the title of millenium grand 
			master. in 2002, that same organization honored him with the 
			title of distinguished grand master. 
our discussion forums are now
			online! enjoy.










balintawak 
					arnis escrima, llc.
2007, world balintawak arnis escrima, llc. all rights 
					reserved






					 








