







homepage - easter seals ontario




















































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerabout us
services
camps
news
contact us
easter seals ontariohelping kids with physical disabilities succeedevents
advocacy
other ways to give
donate



empowering kids with physical disabilities to discover their own potential.


donate now




for us, disabled will never mean unable. that’s why easter seals ontario is dedicated to helping children, youth, and young adults with physical disabilities carve their own path into the world, with assurance and autonomy.










keegan’s story
born with a rare chromosome disorder, 7-year-old keegan hasn’t let anything hold her back. her story is a testament to what’s possible with the right support and remarkable determination.

read keegan’s story






every child has the potential to grow into the best version of themselves. for children and youth with physical disabilities, this journey may require more supportive environments, opportunities, and resources. we believe that every child, regardless of their abilities, should have access to the tools they need to thrive. 




we continue to break down barriers for young people with physical disabilities.

2023 annual report



financial statements













the support you give can alter the course of a life.

whether you raise funds or volunteer your time, your support is so much more than a number. you are helping to create opportunities for deserving kids to participate in their communities, build confidence, and discover their full potential. together, we can create a society that sets goals, not limits, for young people with disabilities.



you can give a child the tools they need to overcome obstacles and achieve their dreams.
make a one-time, monthly, or tribute donation today.

make a donation



footercamps and services
information about camp | information about services


follow us
facebookflickrinstagramlinkedintiktoktwitteryoutube
contact us
1-800-668-6252 • info@easterseals.org
charitable registration # 119068377 rr0001


search
search this website
join our email list





 © copyright 2024 easter seals ontario · all rights reserved ·





become a monthly donor
your monthly gift helps kids with disabilities every day of the year. you are helping more kids with disabilities get the equipment they need to live healthy, happy, and safe lives. thank you for being a part of the easter seals ontario community.

become a monthly donor




			×			




















