










wedge community co-ops - lyndale / linden hills - minneapolis












































































			wedge community co-ops		




menu



shophours & phonelocationsfresh flyermonthly owner dealssales at the wedgejoinowner benefitsabout ownershipjoin nowcommunitychange matterscultivate magazineaboutwhat is a co-op?product standardsboard of directorsannual reportcareersrecipesblogcareers

search













search for...
















your locally
owned community
grocery store.
 




local food, right this way.
the wedge offers something for everyone. shop our current sales and promotions.



sales & specials
fresh flyer
find a store near you


 
why shop wedge community co-ops?



good food starts with good ingredients
whether you’re an aspiring home cook or a veteran of the kitchen, we believe in the power of high-quality, locally sourced ingredients for a nourishing meal. we partner with the most committed, dedicated, and innovative farmers, growers, and artisans in our region.
learn more →


local is always best
from sourcing food and products made with care and intention, to partnering with local makers, we bring our favorite findings to your local wedge co-op shelf. we’re grateful to work with over 100 local producers and vendors, all within miles from our door.


co-op is community
the wedge—and other community cooperatives—exist because we share a vision for sustainable food and eating. thanks to the dedicated owners who invest in this dream, the wedge is a vibrant, thriving staple in our community.



community owned and community strong since 1974.
becoming an owner of our co-op community is the best way to support local farmers and makers.
become an owner →


explore our recipes




chickpea tagine with olives and preserved lemons


chickpea tagine with olives and preserved lemons



grapefruit olive oil cake 


grapefruit olive oil cake 



classic roast with horseradish and root vegetables 


classic roast with horseradish and root vegetables 
 


view all recipes →


become a co-op owner
join the wedge community co-ops and transform how we eat, think, and farm.
join now →



















email*

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  








δ



 
contact usbecome a vendordata policy
facebookinstagramlinkedin



copyright
©
2025 wedge community co-ops.
all rights reserved.



https://wedge.coop




this website uses cookies for necessary functions and to enhance your browsing experience. learn more in our data policy.

accept & continue











