






ford classics – the information resource since 1999











































 







skip to content



ford classics
the information resource since 1999





welcome to ford classics













home
advertise with us
business directory


register your business


car clubs


register your car club


date codes
engine paint
engine specs


small block 90 degree engines
small block 335 engines
big block 385 engines
fe engines
y-block engines
mel engines
oem spark plug reference
firing order


events
forums
links
vin location
mustang specs


1965 mustang specs
1966 mustang specs
1967 mustang specs
1968 mustang specs


part numbers


block part numbers


feature articles
contributing authors
about us
contact us
testimonials


privacy policy











introducing kash and kars. the book that has every motorhead and classic car junkie begging for more! available in e-book, and paperback wherever books are sold.
ford classics has been serving the collector car hobby since 1999 as an information resource for those interested in the history, restoration and preservation of classic ford, lincoln and mercury automobiles.
shop mustang parts at americanmuscle
shop f-150 parts
here you will discover our online business directory – aimed at connecting people to those hard to find parts and/or services for your classic, antique or vintage automobile. thinking of advertising with us. then check out advertise with us now!
partsgeek.com – new oem and aftermarket
custom ford f-150 accessories
plus visit our car clubs, view upcoming events, read our feature articles, or get specs on your favorite engines and mustangs, just to name a few. it’s all here. so what are you waiting for? check us out today!





ford classics is not related to ford motor co., inc.
copyright © 1999-2025 ford classics, all rights reserved.

 

 
disclaimer: certain information contained on this website has been provided by third parties. while we have made all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information provided through the website is correct at the time of inclusion, it cannot be held liable or accountable for any inaccuracies. as a result, verifying with other resources is recommended.

 















	copyright © 2025 ford classics








social media & sharing icons  powered by ultimatelysocial

  

















