









entropia universe – start














the universe
bulletin
download
media


account login
account & support
play now


entropia universe – the sci-fi mmorpg metaverse real cash economy experience
start your journey
entropia universe – the sci-fi mmorpg metaverse real cash economy experience
start your journey
explore the planets – calypso

features

user storiesaxe murderer in entropia universe
"i was staying away from massively multiplayer online games because i knew that they can eat a lot of your free time.  but all that changed for me on saturday november 13, 2010..."
posted in user stories

beginners guidecreature control system
from release 14.9 it is possible to take the role of a ferocious creature or robot and start hunting other avatars! this is a new kind of fun!
posted in beginners guide

entropia webshopclassified strongboxes
classified strongboxes contain unknown treasures, including some items never before seen in entropia universe. feel the rush as you open your classified strongbox and reveal the treasures hidden inside!
popular content

release notes

entropia universe 18.10.1.a release notes
0 days ago
entropia universe 18.10.1 release notes
4 days ago
immersive non-player character missions rewards hotfix
6 days ago
latest buzz

upcoming immersive missions
10 february 2025
winners of free-for-all 2024
07 february 2025
new space features
28 january 2025


explore the universe
create account
media
support



rules and policies | legal notice | responsible gaming
entropia universe is trademark or registered trademark of mindark pe ab. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

					© 2025 mindark pe ab. all rights reserved.
close
start your journey!


							to play entropia universe you need a user account and a windows pc with the entropia universe client installed.
						

create free account
your email and a password is all that is needed.
you will find download options after account creation.
create free account
download entropia
need a fresh download? – go get the entropia universe installer.
you can create your free account while the installer downloads game content.
visit download


