     crown honda | honda dealership near tampa, fl                             

                              















crown honda














call now
866-202-4593










7671 u.s. hwy. 19 n, pinellas park, fl 33781
                                 







service







map







contact





















crown honda









      call 866-202-4593   directions    
            home   new   new   10 second trade value   quick quote   allstate   2024 honda prologue      used   used   10 second trade value   certified pre-owned inventory    crown confidence plan inventory   live market pricing - no games just our best price   crown confidence plan   new vs used   why buy certified pre-owned   allstate     finance   apply for credit   finance center   credit recovery   car loan faqs   privacy policy   buying vs. leasing   allstate   10 second trade value   what's my buying power   shop all models     research   honda model research & comparisons   pairing your phone to bluetooth   buying vs. leasing     specials   service & parts specials   current offers     service & parts   service, maintenance & repair   schedule service   service & parts financing   online maintenance menu   service and parts specials   honda authorized tire center   collision center     body shop   find us   hours & directions   contact us     about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   meet our staff   customer reviews   crown confidence plan   concesionario honda   redesigned with more style and functionality   marketing communications policy   website accessibility policy     🔋 ev hub                   home   new   new   10 second trade value   quick quote   allstate   2024 honda prologue      used   used   10 second trade value   certified pre-owned inventory    crown confidence plan inventory   live market pricing - no games just our best price   crown confidence plan   new vs used   why buy certified pre-owned   allstate     finance   apply for credit   finance center   credit recovery   car loan faqs   privacy policy   buying vs. leasing   allstate   10 second trade value   what's my buying power   shop all models     research   honda model research & comparisons   pairing your phone to bluetooth   buying vs. leasing     specials   service & parts specials   current offers     service & parts   service, maintenance & repair   schedule service   service & parts financing   online maintenance menu   service and parts specials   honda authorized tire center   collision center     body shop   find us   hours & directions   contact us     about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   meet our staff   customer reviews   crown confidence plan   concesionario honda   redesigned with more style and functionality   marketing communications policy   website accessibility policy     🔋 ev hub         








get a $7,500 federal tax credit on the all-new 2024 prologue »






    






welcome to crown honda
over 50 years serving clearwater, st. petersburg, tampa and beyond!


shop new


shop used 


schedule service


sell your car




      search new inventory     search used inventory            our vehicles  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      accord      civic      cr-v      cr-v hybrid      hr-v      passport      pilot      prologue      odyssey      ridgeline     explore all new inventory   
     
                                                                   
     


myxx_spring_salesevent_customer_cash_728x90














      


crown confidence plan 
pre-owned vehicles with a peace of mind

  101 point inspection
  powertrain warranty
  live market pricing
  no hassle exchange policy





crown confidence plan 
pre-owned vehicles with a peace of mind

  101 point inspection
  powertrain warranty
  live market pricing
  no hassle exchange policy



 
      



at crown honda, we treat you like royalty





thank you for trusting crown honda to be your preferred tampa bay-area honda dealer. conveniently located in pinellas park, near clearwater, st. petersburg, and palm harbor, we offer the best in automotive sales, auto repair, and honda finance. stop by today to take your favorite honda cars or suvs for a test drive and let our friendly staff treat you to the outstanding car-shopping experience you deserve.




a first-class sales experience
at crown honda, we want you to love what you drive. that's why we pride ourselves on offering our customers an extensive inventory of new honda models and certified pre-owned vehicles, as well as a wide array of used vehicles of a variety of makes and models. we're confident you'll find the car, truck, or suv of your dreams on our lot.
not sure which vehicle is best for your lifestyle? crown honda has you covered with our helpful model research pages located right here on our website. here, you can review the specs of each vehicle and read up on all the latest vehicle upgrades to find the perfect fit.
step inside our clean and bright showroom and you'll be greeted by one of our friendly sales professionals. they'll get to know you on a personal basis to better understand your needs and wants and will help you navigate the car-buying process to make it easy and—dare we say it—fun. visit our pinellas park showroom today to take your favorite vehicle for a test drive and experience how car-buying should be.


new inventory pre-owned inventory




our auto service is unmatched
your search for st. petersburg, fl, car dealerships with the best service department is over. the state-of-the-art crown honda service department is your one-stop shop for all car repairs, from minor service like factory-scheduled maintenance to major repair service like a honda motor or transmission replacement. our valet service will even pick your vehicle up for service and drop it off when it's done at no cost to you.
our certified honda technicians know your vehicle inside and out, and they use only genuine honda parts whenever possible for added peace of mind. the crown honda service department doesn't just cater to honda vehicles, either; we have the tools and the knowledge to service vehicles of all makes and models!
at crown honda, we understand your time is valuable; it's hard to find time in the day to schedule a service appointment. that's why we offer handy online service scheduling, which you can access from our website. online service scheduling is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for your convenience. you can select the time that works best for you with just a few clicks of the mouse.


honda service center schedule service




hassle-free honda finance
you can trust the expert finance team at crown honda to help make owning or leasing your dream vehicle a reality. crown honda finance professionals work with you to find the best honda lease or loan terms for your budget, regardless of your credit score.
we make it easy to apply for credit, too—you can calculate your payments, apply for financing, and more online, and our finance team will jump into action to work on your deal while you stay comfy at home. gone are the days of lengthy and confusing credit applications filled with jargon, too; our online credit application is super easy to use and walks you through the process step-by-step, eliminating the headaches of yore.
if you've been trying to purchase a honda in tampa but keep getting turned away due to a less-than-ideal credit score, don't give up—crown honda has a solution for you. our crown credit recovery program can help you get into a stellar pre-owned vehicle while also helping you rebuild your credit. visit us today to learn more about this exciting program.


finance center get pre-approved










what sets crown honda apart from the rest?

at crown honda, we treat our customers—and the communities in which we live and work—like royalty, as we believe you deserve the very best. we're committed to being more than just a honda dealership; that's why we actively give back to the community through various projects and initiatives throughout the year.
if you're looking for an easy and stress-free car-buying experience, look no further than crown honda. our crown fast buy program allows you to browse our inventory, select or build your perfect vehicle, value your trade, and apply for financing 100% online with the help of our incredible team. and when everything's complete, you can either come to our dealership to pick up your vehicle or one of our delivery specialists will drive it to your home!
when you purchase a pre-owned vehicle from crown honda, you can rest easy knowing it's backed by our crown confidence plan. with the crown confidence plan, you have access to live market pricing on our inventory of gently used vehicles that have been meticulously reconditioned to like-new condition. each of these vehicles go through a stringent 101-point inspection, and only the cream of the crop earn certification. what's more, these vehicles come with an exclusive powertrain warranty and are backed by a no-hassle exchange policy.
talk about a one-stop shop—crown honda has partnered with allstate insurance to make insuring your new vehicle, as well as your home, boat, and more, as easy as can be. speak with one of our allstate representatives to get your free quote today. you could even save yourself some money on car insurance!
stop by crown honda today to experience all we have to offer and let us show you why drivers in the tampa bay area and beyond love doing business with us.



learn more






     


     
                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | crown honda | 7671 u.s. hwy. 19 n, pinellas park, fl 33781 | call us at: 866-202-4593             












  







                   