houston chronicle | breaking news, houston, texas, us, world news, analysis and videoshouston chronicle logohearst newspapers logoskip to main contentsubscribelocal news houston suburbs education environment health & medicineweatherpolitics houston texas u.s. & worldbusiness fuel fix real estate top workplaces techsports texans astros rockets colleges high schools dynamo & dashentertainmentfood restaurants & bars restaurant reviews barbecueopinion editorials letters to the editor columnistsinteractives trackers texas flood map power outage trackerinvestigationsnewsletters the 713 texas take weekend wrapclassifieds obituaries place an obituary legal notices place legal notices place agent/broker adla voz de houstonvisualspuzzlespodcastsabout us archive privacy notice terms of use chronicle shophouston chronicle logosubscribehouston chroniclehouston newshisdrocketspoliticsweatherbusinessfoodopinioninvestigationspuzzlestrending:presidents day 2025|mardi gras 2025|weather|jay-zeducationhere are houston's top 100 schools, according to children at riskthe no. 1 ranked public school in the houston area is in hisd.how a houston elementary school went from d to a-houston's best and worst middle schools in 2024, according to children at riskhouston's best and worst high schools in 2024, according to children at riskhisdgov. abbott calls for investigation of bellaire high for ‘transitioning’ studentweather forecastshouston briefly warms up, but temps may soon tumble into the 20sreal estatehome sales are rising the fastest in these 9 houston suburbshome sales are spiking in these houston-area suburbs as buyers chase affordability.look inside the most expensive homes sold in the woodlands in 2024swanky $9 million penthouse sells in off-market deal near buffalo bayouare $700 apartment rents possible in downtown houston? one study thinks so.trendingstudy ranks best cities for thrift shopping. how did houston do?texas town named u.s. lightning capital. here's why it's no shocktop newsastros'friend of mine for life': alex bregman talks about leaving astros, jose altuvein alex bregman's introductory press conference with the boston red sox, he talked about the difficulty of leaving jose altuve and the astros.trendinghow to see end of snl special after show cut short for some houston viewersa houston tv station cut off paul mccartney's performance during sunday night's saturday night live 50th anniversary special.trendingwhat's open and closed on presidents day in houstonrocketsusa vs. world? rockets' alperen şengün likes the idea for next all-star gametrendingwhat happened to lynn eusan? unsolved murder of first uh black homecoming queenlynn eusan was the university of houston’s first black homecoming queen. coronated in 1968, eusan, known widely for her civil rights activism at uh and beyond, was murdered three years later. chris tomlinsonsome budgets slashed, others boosted, where’s the money going?radical changes in government spending open the door to corruption and cronyism.astros'friend of mine for life': alex bregman talks about leaving astros, jose altuvein alex bregman's introductory press conference with the boston red sox, he talked about the difficulty of leaving jose altuve and the astros.trendinghow to see end of snl special after show cut short for some houston viewersa houston tv station cut off paul mccartney's performance during sunday night's saturday night live 50th anniversary special.trendingwhat's open and closed on presidents day in houstontrendingwhat happened to lynn eusan? unsolved murder of first uh black homecoming queenlynn eusan was the university of houston’s first black homecoming queen. coronated in 1968, eusan, known widely for her civil rights activism at uh and beyond, was murdered three years later. chris tomlinsonsome budgets slashed, others boosted, where’s the money going?radical changes in government spending open the door to corruption and cronyism.rocketsusa vs. world? rockets' alperen şengün likes the idea for next all-star gameeditor's pickslawmakers call for inquiry into $95m texas lottery jackpothow i learned to stop worrying and love the asteroidhouston zoo closing popular exhibit spacewhat astros, cubs, astros offered bregmanthe latestgeneral sportssports on tv/radio for feb. 17where to watch and/or listen to today's sporting events that will be televised or broadcast on the radio.politifactfact check: did '60 minutes' replace kamala harris' interview answers?texas sports nationtexas beats lsu, makes a case for no. 1 seed in ncaa women's tournamentastrosastros' joe espada outlines position plan for brice matthews, other prospectsastrosbennett sousa aims for role in astros bullpen after lengthy surgery recoveryyour daily puzzlesbongolay tiles onto the grid to spell the best 6 words you can.cross|wordan approachable redesign to a classic. explore our "hints."fliparta quick daily flip. finally someone cracked the code on digital jigsaw puzzles.spelltowerword search but as a strategy game. clearing the board feels really good.opinion & commentarytrump pledged to stop cartels from getting guns. here's why he may not | opiniontrump's new playbook was written in argentina | opinionfor pete hegseth, a bragg is a bragg is a brag | editorialyes, elon, the executive branch ethcis code applies to you | opinion2025 texas legislature bill tracker: follow the newest potential lawsfollow bills as they go through the legislature and attempt to reach gov. greg abbott's desk.advertisementadvertisementadvertisementadvertisementlet's playspelltowerpile-up pokertypeshiftreally bad chessflipartcross|wordwordbindcubeclearbongoreturn to top houston chronicle logoaboutour companycareersour use of aistandards and practicescontactcustomer servicefrequently asked questionsnewsroom contactsservicesarchivesadvertisingaccountsubscribee-editionnewslettersabout our company careers our use of ai standards and practicescontact customer service frequently asked questions newsroom contactsservices archives advertisingaccount subscribe e-edition newslettershearst newspapers logo© 2025 hearst newspapers, llcterms of useprivacy noticedaa industry opt outyour privacy choices (opt out of sale/targeted ads)