



intelligencecareers.com – jobs and career news













































 




intelligencecareers.com 



 








  got a resume?  



  search all jobs  



  job fairs  







jobs and careers new listings  search all jobs  



hot jobs in intelligence & national security 








				strategy, plans, exercises & policy support services, military deception (chips), tampa, fl			


ts/sci … tampa fl / rigid tactical seeks strategy, plans, exercises & policy support services / military deception (chips) … provide expertise in the synchronization of mildec planned and current operations, activities and investments with computer network operations, electronic warfare, operations security (opsec), and military information support operations in support of political and military objective


			read more »		






				senior wmd sme, charlottesville va			


ts/sci poly … caci international / us work-eligible clzuu / charlottesville, va … perform weapons of mass destruction (wmd) (e.g. chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear) analysis to develop innovative collection concepts. interface with academia, dod, national labs and the intelligence community to address wmd issues.


			read more »		






				senior strategic policy analyst, strategic planner 2, tampa fl			


ts/sci … huntington ingalls industries /  tampa fl … must have experience writing documents and briefing military general flag officers and other leadership within the department of defense. track and analyze specific united states military activities the uscentcom area of responsibility, to include submissions from component commands and external agencies


			read more »		






				information operations planner 3 (strategic planner 3), annapolis junction md			


ts/sci poly … huntington ingalls industries / md_annapolis junction  … support of an exciting new effort supporting one of our clients that is responsible for unifying the direction of cyberspace operations, strengthening dod cyberspace capabilities, and integrating and bolstering dod’s cyber expertise.


			read more »		






				summer internship, cyber security, tampa fl			


secret-clearable, enrolled as/bs program, gpa 3+ … smx /  tampa fl … will work on a meaningful target project throughout the internship, culminating in a final project presentation to leadership


			read more »		






				engineering internship 2025, multiple positions, columbia md			


security clearance-clearable … axient /  columbia, md … openings for summer internships in trajectory, signatures, systems, data analysis, software development, cad, sensors, cyber and radar systems. approximate 10-week program. all candidates must be currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree program at an accredited college or university with a cumulative gpa of 3+


			read more »		







  view more hot jobs  











 

















quick search categories 





  acquisition, dod/ic   all source   counterintelligence   cyber threat   geoint   humint   linguists   osint   sigint   special operations   threat targeters   wmd / cbrne  




 




jobs & career infocareeronestop 













 























