









harbor hills kids summer day camp morris & essex county | new jersey


























































973-895-3200
info@hhdc.com





request a tour
enroll
home
about us
programs
activities
dates & rates
camp video
current families

parent portal


virtual tour
contact us
join our team













 
 
 














discover harbor hills














discover harbor hills










why harbor hills day camp?
learn more







the moment the bus arrives at your home, you’ll know.

it’s the people, it’s the place, it’s the program.

it’s people who really care. it’s a place where kids feel comfortable instantly. it’s the program designed to understand the uniqueness of each individual camper. 










trust
we nurture, care, and support. we encourage, communicate, and listen. we partner with you and are here when you need us.








growth
we challenge limits and broaden horizons. we develop skills and inspire confidence. we offer unique experiences and new challenges.








community
we foster friendships and make memories. we see each camper as an individual, and we appreciate those differences. we forge bonds that will last long after the summer is over.










we start the summer as friends and end as family.
friends. family. camp.







watch our video
see for yourself what makes harbor hills an incredible place for children. you will see our campers’ faces light up with pure joy as they play, explore, and thrive in our supportive environment.


that’s what being a camper at harbor hills is all about!


let’s do this!












virtual tour



take a virtual tour of our camp
notice the wide variety of activities and the thought behind our physical layout. making sure our facility is impeccably maintained is a matter of pride for us. once you’ve taken our virtual tour, schedule a time to visit.


it’s even better in person!


request a real tour








distinct programs




+ activities




harbor hills







programs

distinctly different and age appropriate










junior camp
entering pre-k and kindergarten the journey begins!



learn more







main camp
entering grades 1 – 4 time to explore!



learn more







senior camp
entering grades 5 – 8 the choice is yours!



learn more







activities

lots to do. let’s get going!











sports
“sports are such a great teacher. i think of everything they’ve taught me: comradery, humility, how to resolve differences.” – kobe bryant







swim
“swimming is normal for me. i’m relaxed. i’m comfortable, and i know my surroundings. it’s my home.” – michael phelps







arts & wonder
“it took me 4 years to paint like raphael, but a lifetime to paint like a child.” – pablo picasso







adventure
“it’s not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.” – edmund hillary













boating & fishing
“anytime i can sneak in a moment to fish and ride horses, i’m a happy camper!” – george foreman







horseback riding
“there are many wonderful places in the world, but one of my favorite places is on the back of my horse.” – rolf kopfle







creative play
“play is often talked about as if it were a relief from serious learning. but for children play is serious learning. play is really the work of childhood.” – mr. rogers







special events
“do a loony-goony dance ‘cross the kitchen floor. put something silly in the world that ain’t been there before.” – shel silverstein











got questions? talk to mike!

with school, playdates, and weekend obligations, you’ve got enough on your plate. we want to make choosing the right camp an easy decision for you. as a parent, educator, and camp professional, mike has the knowledge and experience to answer all your questions.


give him a call today!


meet mike






















experienced staff that cares

when you work with children, you get to make lasting impressions. at harbor hills, we recognize that fact and our experienced team of teachers, coaches, and college students are trained with that in mind.


discover how our team can make a difference in your child’s life!


learn about our staff













experience harbor hills!


take the next step to become part of our summer family.






request a tour



enroll now



 














about us

programs

activities

dates & rates

camp video

virtual tour






address
75 doby road mendham, nj 07945






contact us
973-895-3200 info@hhdc.com



followfollow







copyright 2025 - harbor hills day camp - made by gruffygoat






 


























