


random thoughts




























	               random thoughts
	               




about me

name:  charlie 
location:  new port richey, florida, united states 
view my complete profile










issues of sexualityit hit me recently, while takin...
in defence of calvinismby c.h. spurgeonit is a gre...
something about mary....     i was speaking with m...
sinners in the hands of an angry godby john edward...
an observational study of romans: chapter 1, verse...
an observational study of romans: chapter 1, verse...
an observational study of romans: chapter 1, verse...
the sovereignty of god in conversion  "...but we p...
hey guys...i don't have a devo today..but i do hav...
the invincible word of god"heaven and earth will p...





november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
may 2006
august 2006






tuesday, august 29, 2006



issues of sexualityit hit me recently, while taking a shower (why is it that while doing this horrendously mundane things that these thoughts come? and why is it i never have a pen and paper ready??), that i realized a few things about sexual issues..so here are some of the summation of my thoughts:on sexual addiction: i think that in sexual addicition, as in many different types of sins, we find the perversion of a legitimate desire and a legitimate pursuit. for men, i know, it's a desire to win the beauty and all that, but it's also the adventure of romance. men like a challenge (whether they admit it or not) and they like an adventure. the problem comes, however, when they confuse the adventure and heady feelings of romance with sex. even further, the problem comes when they attain what they thought would bring the ultimate with whatever woman they are pursuing, and deep down they feel cheated...cheated out of a challenge, cheated out of an adventure... like everything was just too easy.this is how it was in my own failures. my relationship broke down in part, i believe, because i began to resent the person i was with, which was totally unfair on my part, but was altogether real anyways. it was like "ok...the challenge is over...the adventure is ended...now what?" and it became tedious. so, we fell further into sin, doing so over and over, thinking perhaps that the more we did these things, the more fulfilling the relationships would be, and that only fueled the resentment.for women, however, it's different. i cannot speak as one who knows so much, because obviously women are a mystery to me unlike any other, but i suspect a few things. first of all, i suspect that women become addicted to sex out of a need to feel wanted..desired. i guess that sounds cliche, but i think it really is true. i think, deep down, a woman longs to be captivating and beautiful and desired. and so, they confuse this with sex, thinking somehow that a man will think they themselves are wonderful if they give up control of themselves. one person has told me that she loves it because she longs for the connection...i don't think it's the connection she desires so much as the affirmation that she is beautiful, desirable, and a great person. it makes me sad, and makes me wonder if anyone has ever told her in a real, positive way that she is all of those things and more, and that she doesn't have to find that "connection" in sex to be all of those things.another possible reason that women could become addicted to sex is the power which it brings. a woman's sexuality and beauty are weapons, no doubt about it. just as a man very well could be addicted to sex for the rush and the power he feels, the same could be said of a woman. she may feel superior while seducing men, as if she has power over these simple creatures *chuckle*. once again, these desires are based in legitimacy, but perverted by the flesh and by satan.on homosexuality:this is a slightly trickier subject. homosexuality is a complex issue, full of variables which may or may not play into a person's confusion of sexuality and gender issues. i truly am beginning to think that homosexuality finds its roots in a man not having proper role models of the same sex, and perhaps disasterous experiences with the opposite sex. many statistics have shown that a great number of homosexual men have had overbearing mothers.i think that perhaps the mothers might be equal perpetrators here, however. a mother's desire to protect and shelter her children is legitimate, but it is not ok, nor is it right, to shelter a man from all the things that make him one. to insist that a boy never play with guns or fight or do sports out of fear of turning him violent or him getting hurt is not only leading to devastation, but it is irrational. in essence, what is really happening is the emasculation of a child from an early age. mothers, you are teaching your boys how to be women, and not how to be men.lest the mothers take all the blame, i turn now to how the fathers may hold some stake in this problem. a father's job is to teach the son to be a man. it is also to allow the boy to grow into a man by the boy's testing his strength, and by it being affirmed. a boy cannot think of himself as a man if he is never told that he is one. if a father is constantly calling his child weak, or sissy, or stupid, or a faggot, real growth can never take place.now, as this child grows, having had no real idea as to what manhood is or femininity is, he is thus confused. so to whom does he turn? friends, most likely. while this may be a good thing, this can do devastating amounts of damage. why? because the child likely has friends who are just as injured! if one wants to overcome alcohol abuse, do they go to a bar? if one wishes to learn what it means to be an adult, do they ask a child? the problem is that this child, whose logic and thought processes are so damaged that he cannot alone figure this out, then turns to someone with the exact same problem as he, thinking perhaps this person smarter or wiser. this is without realizing that the person has the same exact flaw in their thinking. so the child surrounds himself with similarly damaging people, and learns that being damaged is "ok" and that he should "express" himself. what we could possibly have is the birth of a person who is so convinced he is homosexual that it seems impossible to think otherwise.this, i believe, is why most homosexuals believe that it is a genetic flaw. it began so young and never stopped that they have no idea what it is like to be "normal," and so they assume it is genetic.another thought occured to me, however. i think that when someone looks into their own memory, they often rose color their memories. they remember things not exactly as they were. now, as for myself, i don't usually rose color, but do the opposite. in some ways, i remember things as worse than they were, and in some ways cannot even remember the good things at all! i think this is true for the homosexual who claims he has always been "gay." it is perhaps true that he has always been damaged at his core, but not necessarily that he has always been "gay."lest i write off all personal responsibility in this issue, i come to the thing that kind of seals the nail in the coffin of this young person. i truly am beginning to believe, as i ponder these things, that certainly bisexuality, and almost as certainly homosexuality, is in large part caused by an addiction to sex. the person starts off small, and thinks only of the opposite sex. however, as time goes on, things need to get more and more perverse to feed the need. this leads to bisexuality and perhaps outright homosexuality. the need to be more and more "kinky" has led to this, and not to actually honest feelings of romantic love for the same sex. (as most homosexuals would claim)this becomes more poignant for me the more i talk to people afflicted. it seems that the vast majority of people like this that i have met think very little of anything else but sex. they seem consumed by it, enslaved to it. their daily conversations, their views of life, all seem to revolve around sex. no wonder the mind is so clouded! when horomones are kicking on all the time, it can be very difficult to think!

posted by charlie | 12:57 pm
       |
         0 comments
 




wednesday, may 24, 2006



in defence of calvinismby c.h. spurgeonit is a great thing to begin the christian life by believing good solid doctrine. some people have received twenty different "gospels" in as many years; how many more they will accept before they get to their journey's end, it would be difficult to predict. i thank god that he early taught me the gospel, and i have been so perfectly satisfied with it, that i do not want to know any other. constant change of creed is sure loss. if a tree has to be taken up two or three times a year, you will not need to build a very large loft in which to store the apples. when people are always shifting their doctrinal principles, they are not likely to bring forth much fruit to the glory of god.it is good for young believers to begin with a firm hold upon those great fundamental doctrines which the lord has taught in his word. why, if i believed what some preach about the temporary, trumpery salvation which only lasts for a time, i would scarcely be at all grateful for it; but when i know that those whom god saves he saves with an everlasting salvation, when i know that he gives to them an everlasting righteousness, when i know that he settles them on an everlasting foundation of everlasting love, and that he will bring them to his everlasting kingdom, oh, then i do wonder, and i am astonished that such a blessing as this should ever have been given to me!"pause, my soul! adore, and wonder!ask, 'oh, why such love to me?'grace hath put me in the numberof the saviour's family:hallelujah!thanks, eternal thanks, to thee!"i suppose there are some persons whose minds naturally incline towards the doctrine of free-will. i can only say that mine inclines as naturally towards the doctrines of sovereign grace. sometimes, when i see some of the worst characters in the street, i feel as if my heart must burst forth in tears of gratitude that god has never let me act as they have done! i have thought, if god had left me alone, and had not touched me by his grace, what a great sinner i should have been! i should have run to the utmost lengths of sin, dived into the very depths of evil, nor should i have stopped at any vice or folly, if god had not restrained me. i feel that i should have been a very king of sinners, if god had let me alone.i cannot understand the reason why i am saved, except upon the ground that god would have it so. i cannot, if i look ever so earnestly, discover any kind of reason in myself why i should be a partaker of divine grace. if i am not at this moment without christ, it is only because christ jesus would have his will with me, and that will was that i should be with him where he is, and should share his glory. i can put the crown nowhere but upon the head of him whose mighty grace has saved me from going down into the pit. looking back on my past life, i can see that the dawning of it all was of god; of god effectively. i took no torch with which to light the sun, but the sun enlightened me. i did not commence my spiritual life—no, i rather kicked, and struggled against the things of the spirit: when he drew me, for a time i did not run after him: there was a natural hatred in my soul of everything holy and good. wooings were lost upon me—warnings were cast to the wind—thunders were despised; and as for the whispers of his love, they were rejected as being less than nothing and vanity. but, sure i am, i can say now, speaking on behalf of myself, "he only is my salvation." it was he who turned my heart, and brought me down on my knees before him. i can in very deed, say with doddridge and toplady—"grace taught my soul to pray,and made my eyes o'erflow;"and coming to this moment, i can add—"'tis grace has kept me to this day,and will not let me go."well can i remember the manner in which i learned the doctrines of grace in a single instant. born, as all of us are by nature, an arminian, i still believed the old things i had heard continually from the pulpit, and did not see the grace of god. when i was coming to christ, i thought i was doing it all myself, and though i sought the lord earnestly, i had no idea the lord was seeking me. i do not think the young convert is at first aware of this. i can recall the very day and hour when first i received those truths in my own soul—when they were, as john bunyan says, burnt into my heart as with a hot iron, and i can recollect how i felt that i had grown on a sudden from a babe into a man—that i had made progress in scriptural knowledge, through having found, once for all, the clue to the truth of god.one week-night, when i was sitting in the house of god, i was not thinking much about the preacher's sermon, for i did not believe it. the thought struck me, how did you come to be a christian? i sought the lord. but how did you come to seek the lord? the truth flashed across my mind in a moment—i should not have sought him unless there had been some previous influence in my mind to make me seek him. i prayed, thought i, but then i asked myself, how came i to pray? i was induced to pray by reading the scriptures. how came i to read the scriptures? i did read them, but what led me to do so? then, in a moment, i saw that god was at the bottom of it all, and that he was the author of my faith, and so the whole doctrine of grace opened up to me, and from that doctrine i have not departed to this day, and i desire to make this my constant confession, "i ascribe my change wholly to god." i once attended a service where the text happened to be, "he shall choose our inheritance for us;" and the good man who occupied the pulpit was more than a little of an arminian. therefore, when he commenced, he said, "this passage refers entirely to our temporal inheritance, it has nothing whatever to do with our everlasting destiny, for," said he, "we do not want christ to choose for us in the matter of heaven or hell. it is so plain and easy, that every man who has a grain of common sense will choose heaven, and any person would know better than to choose hell. we have no need of any superior intelligence, or any greater being, to choose heaven or hell for us. it is left to our own free-will, and we have enough wisdom given us, sufficiently correct means to judge for ourselves," and therefore, as he very logically inferred, there was no necessity for jesus christ, or anyone, to make a choice for us. we could choose the inheritance for ourselves without any assistance. "ah!" i thought, "but, my good brother, it may be very true that we could, but i think we should want something more than common sense before we should choose aright."first, let me ask, must we not all of us admit an over-ruling providence, and the appointment of jehovah's hand, as to the means whereby we came into this world? those men who think that, afterwards, we are left to our own free-will to choose this one or the other to direct our steps, must admit that our entrance into the world was not of our own will, but that god had then to choose for us. what circumstances were those in our power which led us to elect certain persons to be our parents? had we anything to do with it? did not god himself appoint our parents, native place, and friends? could he not have caused me to be born with the skin of the hottentot, brought forth by a filthy mother who would nurse me in her "kraal," and teach me to bow down to pagan gods, quite as easily as to have given me a pious mother, who would each morning and night bend her knee in prayer on my behalf? or, might he not, if he had pleased, have given me some profligate to have been my parent, from whose lips i might have early heard fearful, filthy, and obscene language? might he not have placed me where i should have had a drunken father, who would have immured me in a very dungeon of ignorance, and brought me up in the chains of crime? was it not god's providence that i had so happy a lot, that both my parents were his children, and endeavoured to train me up in the fear of the lord?john newton used to tell a whimsical story, and laugh at it, too, of a good woman who said, in order to prove the doctrine of election, "ah! sir, the lord must have loved me before i was born, or else he would not have seen anything in me to love afterwards." i am sure it is true in my case; i believe the doctrine of election, because i am quite certain that, if god had not chosen me, i should never have chosen him; and i am sure he chose me before i was born, or else he never would have chosen me afterwards; and he must have elected me for reasons unknown to me, for i never could find any reason in myself why he should have looked upon me with special love. so i am forced to accept that great biblical doctrine.i recollect an arminian brother telling me that he had read the scriptures through a score or more times, and could never find the doctrine of election in them. he added that he was sure he would have done so if it had been there, for he read the word on his knees. i said to him, "i think you read the bible in a very uncomfortable posture, and if you had read it in your easy chair, you would have been more likely to understand it. pray, by all means, and the more, the better, but it is a piece of superstition to think there is anything in the posture in which a man puts himself for reading: and as to reading through the bible twenty times without having found anything about the doctrine of election, the wonder is that you found anything at all: you must have galloped through it at such a rate that you were not likely to have any intelligible idea of the meaning of the scriptures."if it would be marvelous to see one river leap up from the earth full-grown, what would it be to gaze upon a vast spring from which all the rivers of the earth should at once come bubbling up, a million of them born at a birth? what a vision would it be! who can conceive it. and yet the love of god is that fountain, from which all the rivers of mercy, which have ever gladdened our race—all the rivers of grace in time, and of glory hereafter—take their rise. my soul, stand thou at that sacred fountain-head, and adore and magnify, for ever and ever, god, even our father, who hath loved us! in the very beginning, when this great universe lay in the mind of god, like unborn forests in the acorn cup; long ere the echoes awoke the solitudes; before the mountains were brought forth; and long ere the light flashed through the sky, god loved his chosen creatures. before there was any created being—when the ether was not fanned by an angel's wing, when space itself had not an existence, when there was nothing save god alone—even then, in that loneliness of deity, and in that deep quiet and profundity, his bowels moved with love for his chosen. their names were written on his heart, and then were they dear to his soul. jesus loved his people before the foundation of the world—even from eternity! and when he called me by his grace, he said to me, "i have loved thee with an everlasting love: therefore with lovingkindness have i drawn thee."then, in the fulness of time, he purchased me with his blood; he let his heart run out in one deep gaping wound for me long ere i loved him. yea, when he first came to me, did i not spurn him? when he knocked at the door, and asked for entrance, did i not drive him away, and do despite to his grace? ah, i can remember that i full often did so until, at last, by the power of his effectual grace, he said, "i must, i will come in;" and then he turned my heart, and made me love him. but even till now i should have resisted him, had it not been for his grace. well, then since he purchased me when i was dead in sins, does it not follow, as a consequence necessary and logical, that he must have loved me first? did my saviour die for me because i believed on him? no; i was not then in existence; i had then no being. could the saviour, therefore, have died because i had faith, when i myself was not yet born? could that have been possible? could that have been the origin of the saviour's love towards me? oh! no; my saviour died for me long before i believed. "but," says someone, "he foresaw that you would have faith; and, therefore, he loved you." what did he foresee about my faith? did he foresee that i should get that faith myself, and that i should believe on him of myself? no; christ could not foresee that, because no christian man will ever say that faith came of itself without the gift and without the working of the holy spirit. i have met with a great many believers, and talked with them about this matter; but i never knew one who could put his hand on his heart, and say, "i believed in jesus without the assistance of the holy spirit."i am bound to the doctrine of the depravity of the human heart, because i find myself depraved in heart, and have daily proofs that in my flesh there dwelleth no good thing. if god enters into covenant with unfallen man, man is so insignificant a creature that it must be an act of gracious condescension on the lord's part; but if god enters into covenant with sinful man, he is then so offensive a creature that it must be, on god's part, an act of pure, free, rich, sovereign grace. when the lord entered into covenant with me, i am sure that it was all of grace, nothing else but grace. when i remember what a den of unclean beasts and birds my heart was, and how strong was my unrenewed will, how obstinate and rebellious against the sovereignty of the divine rule, i always feel inclined to take the very lowest room in my father's house, and when i enter heaven, it will be to go among the less than the least of all saints, and with the chief of sinners.the late lamented mr. denham has put, at the foot of his portrait, a most admirable text, "salvation is of the lord." that is just an epitome of calvinism; it is the sum and substance of it. if anyone should ask me what i mean by a calvinist, i should reply, "he is one who says, salvation is of the lord." i cannot find in scripture any other doctrine than this. it is the essence of the bible. "he only is my rock and my salvation." tell me anything contrary to this truth, and it will be a heresy; tell me a heresy, and i shall find its essence here, that it has departed from this great, this fundamental, this rock-truth, "god is my rock and my salvation." what is the heresy of rome, but the addition of something to the perfect merits of jesus christ—the bringing in of the works of the flesh, to assist in our justification? and what is the heresy of arminianism but the addition of something to the work of the redeemer? every heresy, if brought to the touchstone, will discover itself here. i have my own private opinion that there is no such thing as preaching christ and him crucified, unless we preach what nowadays is called calvinism. it is a nickname to call it calvinism; calvinism is the gospel, and nothing else. i do not believe we can preach the gospel, if we do not preach justification by faith, without works; nor unless we preach the sovereignty of god in his dispensation of grace; nor unless we exalt the electing, unchangeable, eternal, immutable, conquering love of jehovah; nor do i think we can preach the gospel, unless we base it upon the special and particular redemption of his elect and chosen people which christ wrought out upon the cross; nor can i comprehend a gospel which lets saints fall away after they are called, and suffers the children of god to be burned in the fires of damnation after having once believed in jesus. such a gospel i abhor."if ever it should come to pass,that sheep of christ might fall away,my fickle, feeble soul, alas!would fall a thousand times a day."if one dear saint of god had perished, so might all; if one of the covenant ones be lost, so may all be; and then there is no gospel promise true, but the bible is a lie, and there is nothing in it worth my acceptance. i will be an infidel at once when i can believe that a saint of god can ever fall finally. if god hath loved me once, then he will love me for ever. god has a master-mind; he arranged everything in his gigantic intellect long before he did it; and once having settled it, he never alters it, "this shall be done," saith he, and the iron hand of destiny marks it down, and it is brought to pass. "this is my purpose," and it stands, nor can earth or hell alter it. "this is my decree," saith he, "promulgate it, ye holy angels; rend it down from the gate of heaven, ye devils, if ye can; but ye cannot alter the decree, it shall stand for ever." god altereth not his plans; why should he? he is almighty, and therefore can perform his pleasure. why should he? he is the all-wise, and therefore cannot have planned wrongly. why should he? he is the everlasting god, and therefore cannot die before his plan is accomplished. why should he change? ye worthless atoms of earth, ephemera of a day, ye creeping insects upon this bay-leaf of existence, ye may change your plans, but he shall never, never change his. has he told me that his plan is to save me? if so, i am for ever safe."my name from the palms of his handseternity will not erase;impress'd on his heart it remains,in marks of indelible grace."i do not know how some people, who believe that a christian can fall from grace, manage to be happy. it must be a very commendable thing in them to be able to get through a day without despair. if i did not believe the doctrine of the final perseverance of the saints, i think i should be of all men the most miserable, because i should lack any ground of comfort. i could not say, whatever state of heart i came into, that i should be like a well-spring of water, whose stream fails not; i should rather have to take the comparison of an intermittent spring, that might stop on a sudden, or a reservoir, which i had no reason to expect would always be full. i believe that the happiest of christians and the truest of christians are those who never dare to doubt god, but who take his word simply as it stands, and believe it, and ask no questions, just feeling assured that if god has said it, it will be so. i bear my willing testimony that i have no reason, nor even the shadow of a reason, to doubt my lord, and i challenge heaven, and earth, and hell, to bring any proof that god is untrue. from the depths of hell i call the fiends, and from this earth i call the tried and afflicted believers, and to heaven i appeal, and challenge the long experience of the blood-washed host, and there is not to be found in the three realms a single person who can bear witness to one fact which can disprove the faithfulness of god, or weaken his claim to be trusted by his servants. there are many things that may or may not happen, but this i know shall happen—"he shall present my soul,unblemish'd and complete,before the glory of his face,with joys divinely great."all the purposes of man have been defeated, but not the purposes of god. the promises of man may be broken—many of them are made to be broken—but the promises of god shall all be fulfilled. he is a promise-maker, but he never was a promise-breaker; he is a promise-keeping god, and every one of his people shall prove it to be so. this is my grateful, personal confidence, "the lord will perfect that which concerneth me"—unworthy me, lost and ruined me. he will yet save me; and—"i, among the blood-wash'd throng,shall wave the palm, and wear the crown,and shout loud victory."i go to a land which the plough of earth hath never upturned, where it is greener than earth's best pastures, and richer than her most abundant harvests ever saw. i go to a building of more gorgeous architecture than man hath ever builded; it is not of mortal design; it is "a building of god, a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens." all i shall know and enjoy in heaven, will be given to me by the lord, and i shall say, when at last i appear before him—"grace all the work shall crownthrough everlasting days;it lays in heaven the topmost stone,and well deserves the praise."i know there are some who think it necessary to their system of theology to limit the merit of the blood of jesus: if my theological system needed such a limitation, i would cast it to the winds. i cannot, i dare not allow the thought to find a lodging in my mind, it seems so near akin to blasphemy. in christ's finished work i see an ocean of merit; my plummet finds no bottom, my eye discovers no shore. there must be sufficient efficacy in the blood of christ, if god had so willed it, to have saved not only all in this world, but all in ten thousand worlds, had they transgressed their maker's law. once admit infinity into the matter, and limit is out of the question. having a divine person for an offering, it is not consistent to conceive of limited value; bound and measure are terms inapplicable to the divine sacrifice. the intent of the divine purpose fixes the application of the infinite offering, but does not change it into a finite work. think of the numbers upon whom god has bestowed his grace already. think of the countless hosts in heaven: if thou wert introduced there to-day, thou wouldst find it as easy to tell the stars, or the sands of the sea, as to count the multitudes that are before the throne even now. they have come from the east, and from the west, from the north, and from the south, and they are sitting down with abraham, and with isaac, and with jacob in the kingdom of god; and beside those in heaven, think of the saved ones on earth. blessed be god, his elect on earth are to be counted by millions, i believe, and the days are coming, brighter days than these, when there shall be multitudes upon multitudes brought to know the saviour, and to rejoice in him. the father's love is not for a few only, but for an exceeding great company. "a great multitude, which no man could number," will be found in heaven. a man can reckon up to very high figures; set to work your newtons, your mightiest calculators, and they can count great numbers, but god and god alone can tell the multitude of his redeemed.i believe there will be more in heaven than in hell. if anyone asks me why i think so, i answer, because christ, in everything, is to "have the pre-eminence," and i cannot conceive how he could have the pre-eminence if there are to be more in the dominions of satan than in paradise. moreover, i have never read that there is to be in hell a great multitude, which no man could number. i rejoice to know that the souls of all infants, as soon as they die, speed their way to paradise. think what a multitude there is of them! then there are already in heaven unnumbered myriads of the spirits of just men made perfect—the redeemed of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues up till now; and there are better times coming, when the religion of christ shall be universal; when—"he shall reign from pole to pole,with illimitable sway;"when whole kingdoms shall bow down before him, and nations shall be born in a day, and in the thousand years of the great millennial state there will be enough saved to make up all the deficiencies of the thousands of years that have gone before. christ shall be master everywhere, and his praise shall be sounded in every land. christ shall have the pre-eminence at last; his train shall be far larger than that which shall attend the chariot of the grim monarch of hell.some persons love the doctrine of universal atonement because they say, "it is so beautiful. it is a lovely idea that christ should have died for all men; it commends itself," they say, "to the instincts of humanity; there is something in it full of joy and beauty." i admit there is, but beauty may be often associated with falsehood. there is much which i might admire in the theory of universal redemption, but i will just show what the supposition necessarily involves.if christ on his cross intended to save every man, then he intended to save those who were lost before he died. if the doctrine be true, that he died for all men, then he died for some who were in hell before he came into this world, for doubtless there were even then myriads there who had been cast away because of their sins. once again, if it was christ's intention to save all men, how deplorably has he been disappointed, for we have his own testimony that there is a lake which burneth with fire and brimstone, and into that pit of woe have been cast some of the very persons who, according to the theory of universal redemption, were bought with his blood. that seems to me a conception a thousand times more repulsive than any of those consequences which are said to be associated with the calvinistic and christian doctrine of special and particular redemption. to think that my saviour died for men who were or are in hell, seems a supposition too horrible for me to entertain. to imagine for a moment that he was the substitute for all the sons of men, and that god, having first punished the substitute, afterwards punished the sinners themselves, seems to conflict with all my ideas of divine justice.that christ should offer an atonement and satisfaction for the sins of all men, and that afterwards some of those very men should be punished for the sins for which christ had already atoned, appears to me to be the most monstrous iniquity that could ever have been imputed to saturn, to janus, to the goddess of the thugs, or to the most diabolical heathen deities. god forbid that we should ever think thus of jehovah, the just and wise and good!there is no soul living who holds more firmly to the doctrines of grace than i do, and if any man asks me whether i am ashamed to be called a calvinist, i answer—i wish to be called nothing but a christian; but if you ask me, do i hold the doctrinal views which were held by john calvin, i reply, i do in the main hold them, and rejoice to avow it. but far be it from me even to imagine that zion contains none but calvinistic christians within her walls, or that there are none saved who do not hold our views. most atrocious things have been spoken about the character and spiritual condition of john wesley, the modern prince of arminians. i can only say concerning him that, while i detest many of the doctrines which he preached, yet for the man himself i have a reverence second to no wesleyan; and if there were wanted two apostles to be added to the number of the twelve, i do not believe that there could be found two men more fit to be so added than george whitefield and john wesley. the character of john wesley stands beyond all imputation for self-sacrifice, zeal, holiness, and communion with god; he lived far above the ordinary level of common christians, and was one "of whom the world was not worthy." i believe there are multitudes of men who cannot see these truths, or, at least, cannot see them in the way in which we put them, who nevertheless have received christ as their saviour, and are as dear to the heart of the god of grace as the soundest calvinist in or out of heaven.i do not think i differ from any of my hyper-calvinistic brethren in what i do believe, but i differ from them in what they do not believe. i do not hold any less than they do, but i hold a little more, and, i think, a little more of the truth revealed in the scriptures. not only are there a few cardinal doctrines, by which we can steer our ship north, south, east, or west, but as we study the word, we shall begin to learn something about the north-west and north-east, and all else that lies between the four cardinal points. the system of truth revealed in the scriptures is not simply one straight line, but two; and no man will ever get a right view of the gospel until he knows how to look at the two lines at once. for instance, i read in one book of the bible, "the spirit and the bride say, come. and let him that heareth say, come. and let him that is athirst come. and whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely." yet i am taught, in another part of the same inspired word, that "it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of god that sheweth mercy." i see, in one place, god in providence presiding over all, and yet i see, and i cannot help seeing, that man acts as he pleases, and that god has left his actions, in a great measure, to his own free-will. now, if i were to declare that man was so free to act that there was no control of god over his actions, i should be driven very near to atheism; and if, on the other hand, i should declare that god so over-rules all things that man is not free enough to be responsible, i should be driven at once into antinomianism or fatalism. that god predestines, and yet that man is responsible, are two facts that few can see clearly. they are believed to be inconsistent and contradictory to each other. if, then, i find taught in one part of the bible that everything is fore-ordained, that is true; and if i find, in another scripture, that man is responsible for all his actions, that is true; and it is only my folly that leads me to imagine that these two truths can ever contradict each other. i do not believe they can ever be welded into one upon any earthly anvil, but they certainly shall be one in eternity. they are two lines that are so nearly parallel, that the human mind which pursues them farthest will never discover that they converge, but they do converge, and they will meet somewhere in eternity, close to the throne of god, whence all truth doth spring.it is often said that the doctrines we believe have a tendency to lead us to sin. i have heard it asserted most positively, that those high doctrines which we love, and which we find in the scriptures, are licentious ones. i do not know who will have the hardihood to make that assertion, when they consider that the holiest of men have been believers in them. i ask the man who dares to say that calvinism is a licentious religion, what he thinks of the character of augustine, or calvin, or whitefield, who in successive ages were the great exponents of the system of grace; or what will he say of the puritans, whose works are full of them? had a man been an arminian in those days, he would have been accounted the vilest heretic breathing, but now we are looked upon as the heretics, and they as the orthodox. we have gone back to the old school; we can trace our descent from the apostles. it is that vein of free-grace, running through the sermonizing of baptists, which has saved us as a denomination. were it not for that, we should not stand where we are today. we can run a golden line up to jesus christ himself, through a holy succession of mighty fathers, who all held these glorious truths; and we can ask concerning them, "where will you find holier and better men in the world?" no doctrine is so calculated to preserve a man from sin as the doctrine of the grace of god. those who have called it "a licentious doctrine" did not know anything at all about it. poor ignorant things, they little knew that their own vile stuff was the most licentious doctrine under heaven. if they knew the grace of god in truth, they would soon see that there was no preservative from lying like a knowledge that we are elect of god from the foundation of the world. there is nothing like a belief in my eternal perseverance, and the immutability of my father's affection, which can keep me near to him from a motive of simple gratitude. nothing makes a man so virtuous as belief of the truth. a lying doctrine will soon beget a lying practice. a man cannot have an erroneous belief without by-and-by having an erroneous life. i believe the one thing naturally begets the other. of all men, those have the most disinterested piety, the sublimest reverence, the most ardent devotion, who believe that they are saved by grace, without works, through faith, and that not of themselves, it is the gift of god. christians should take heed, and see that it always is so, lest by any means christ should be crucified afresh, and put to an open shame.

posted by charlie | 11:10 am
       |
         0 comments
 




thursday, may 11, 2006



something about mary....     i was speaking with my associate pastor the other day, and we were discussing the catholic belief in praying to the saints, or to mary.. my pastor, ever playing the devil's advocate in such discussions, brought up some points as to why catholics feel it is ok to pray to mary.  i responded, and he said i should write something about it.  sooo.....here it is! why you should never pray to mary        firstly, we never see this in scripture.    objection:  we can't argue from silence!  answer:  true, but we can use it as evidence.          praying to mary is a form of worship  objection:  how is prayer worship?  we are merely asking her for help!  answer:  prayer was never intended to be for god's own sake, but rather for ours.  when we pray, it is for our benefit, so that we can communicate with our god.  thus, prayer is indeed a form of worship, and by ascribing it to mary, you are worshipping a false god.          praying to mary assumes that she is powerful enough to grant said requests  objection: well, she is the mother of jesus!  answer:  and as such, she is blessed of god.  does this mean she is any more inherently special than, say, ruth, perhaps?  no.  god could have chosen any woman from among the daughters of israel to be holy and to bring jesus into the world.  thus, mary has no intrinsic glory or power.            praying to mary is trying to manipulate god  by praying to mary on the assumption that jesus will definitely listen to his mom, you are not only making a false assumption, but you are trying to sneak a guarantee that your prayer will be heard.  what is so idiotic about that is that god alone can hear all prayers.  so by praying to mary, who cannot hear prayers, you are trying to accomplish that which already is accomplished.           praying to mary knocks jesus out of the "mediator" position  objection:  well, jesus is too holy to hear our sinful prayers.  if that be the case, what would the point of the cross be?  jesus died in part for that very thing; namely that sinners could come before a holy god.  do not mock his sacrifice by saying there is more to be done before we can approach him.          praying to mary leads to very false ideas  i have heard it said that some women pray to mary because mary is a woman, and would understand them better than god.  they feel more comfortable praying to mary.  this is out and out blasphemy!  they blaspheme the name of god for the sake of their comfort!  and this leads also to my next reason:         praying to mary betrays ignorance of god  if one prays to mary, who is dead, then that person already has some serious theological problems.           and most importantly:  when you pray to mary and it happens to come true....mary gets the glory, and not god, to whom all glory belongs!  think about it...if you lose your sunglasses on the beach, and you pray to saint whateverhisnameis to help you find them, and then you do....who do you thank?  to whom do you give a modicum of praise?  therefore, who gets the glory?  this is the final, but most important, nail in the coffin.       

posted by charlie | 1:19 am
       |
         1 comments
 




thursday, march 09, 2006



sinners in the hands of an angry godby john edwards  in this verse is threatened the vengeance of god on the wicked unbelieving israelites, who were god's visible people, and who lived under the means of grace; but who, notwithstanding all god's wonderful works towards them, remained (as ver. 28.) void of counsel, having no understanding in them. under all the cultivations of heaven, they brought forth bitter and poisonous fruit; as in the two verses next preceding the text. the expression i have chosen for my text, their foot shall slide in due time, seems to imply the following doings, relating to the punishment and destruction to which these wicked israelites were exposed.1. that they were always exposed to destruction; as one that stands or walks in slippery places is always exposed to fall. this is implied in the manner of their destruction coming upon them, being represented by their foot sliding. the same is expressed, psalm 73:18. "surely thou didst set them in slippery places; thou castedst them down into destruction."2. it implies, that they were always exposed to sudden unexpected destruction. as he that walks in slippery places is every moment liable to fall, he cannot foresee one moment whether he shall stand or fall the next; and when he does fall, he falls at once without warning: which is also expressed in psalm 73:18, 19. "surely thou didst set them in slippery places; thou castedst them down into destruction: how are they brought into desolation as in a moment!"3. another thing implied is, that they are liable to fall of themselves, without being thrown down by the hand of another; as he that stands or walks on slippery ground needs nothing but his own weight to throw him down.4. that the reason why they are not fallen already, and do not fall now, is only that god's appointed time is not come. for it is said, that when that due time, or appointed time comes, their foot shall slide. then they shall be left to fall, as they are inclined by their own weight. god will not hold them up in these slippery places any longer, but will let them go; and then at that very instant, they shall fall into destruction; as he that stands on such slippery declining ground, on the edge of a pit, he cannot stand alone, when he is let go he immediately falls and is lost.the observation from the words that i would now insist upon is this. "there is nothing that keeps wicked men at any one moment out of hell, but the mere pleasure of god." by the mere pleasure of god, i mean his sovereign pleasure, his arbitrary will, restrained by no obligation, hindered by no manner of difficulty, any more than if nothing else but god's mere will had in the least degree, or in any respect whatsoever, any hand in the preservation of wicked men one moment.the truth of this observation may appear by the following considerations.1. there is no want of power in god to cast wicked men into hell at any moment. men's hands cannot be strong when god rises up. the strongest have no power to resist him, nor can any deliver out of his hands.-he is not only able to cast wicked men into hell, but he can most easily do it. sometimes an earthly prince meets with a great deal of difficulty to subdue a rebel, who has found means to fortify himself, and has made himself strong by the numbers of his followers. but it is not so with god. there is no fortress that is any defense from the power of god. though hand join in hand, and vast multitudes of god's enemies combine and associate themselves, they are easily broken in pieces. they are as great heaps of light chaff before the whirlwind; or large quantities of dry stubble before devouring flames. we find it easy to tread on and crush a worm that we see crawling on the earth; so it is easy for us to cut or singe a slender thread that any thing hangs by: thus easy is it for god, when he pleases, to cast his enemies down to hell. what are we, that we should think to stand before him, at whose rebuke the earth trembles, and before whom the rocks are thrown down?2. they deserve to be cast into hell; so that divine justice never stands in the way, it makes no objection against god's using his power at any moment to destroy them. yea, on the contrary, justice calls aloud for an infinite punishment of their sins. divine justice says of the tree that brings forth such grapes of sodom, "cut it down, why cumbereth it the ground?" luke xiii. 7. the sword of divine justice is every moment brandished over their heads, and it is nothing but the hand of arbitrary mercy, and god's mere will, that holds it back.3. they are already under a sentence of condemnation to hell. they do not only justly deserve to be cast down thither, but the sentence of the law of god, that eternal and immutable rule of righteousness that god has fixed between him and mankind, is gone out against them, and stands against them; so that they are bound over already to hell. john iii. 18. "he that believeth not is condemned already." so that every unconverted man properly belongs to hell; that is his place; from thence he is, john viii. 23. "ye are from beneath." and thither be is bound; it is the place that justice, and god's word, and the sentence of his unchangeable law assign to him.4. they are now the objects of that very same anger and wrath of god, that is expressed in the torments of hell. and the reason why they do not go down to hell at each moment, is not because god, in whose power they are, is not then very angry with them; as he is with many miserable creatures now tormented in hell, who there feel and bear the fierceness of his wrath. yea, god is a great deal more angry with great numbers that are now on earth: yea, doubtless, with many that are now in this congregation, who it may be are at ease, than he is with many of those who are now in the flames of hell.so that it is not because god is unmindful of their wickedness, and does not resent it, that he does not let loose his hand and cut them off. god is not altogether such an one as themselves, though they may imagine him to be so. the wrath of god burns against them, their damnation does not slumber; the pit is prepared, the fire is made ready, the furnace is now hot, ready to receive them; the flames do now rage and glow. the glittering sword is whet, and held over them, and the pit hath opened its mouth under them.5. the devil stands ready to fall upon them, and seize them as his own, at what moment god shall permit him. they belong to him; he has their souls in his possession, and under his dominion. the scripture represents them as his goods, luke 11:12. the devils watch them; they are ever by them at their right hand; they stand waiting for them, like greedy hungry lions that see their prey, and expect to have it, but are for the present kept back. if god should withdraw his hand, by which they are restrained, they would in one moment fly upon their poor souls. the old serpent is gaping for them; hell opens its mouth wide to receive them; and if god should permit it, they would be hastily swallowed up and lost.6. there are in the souls of wicked men those hellish principles reigning, that would presently kindle and flame out into hell fire, if it were not for god's restraints. there is laid in the very nature of carnal men, a foundation for the torments of hell. there are those corrupt principles, in reigning power in them, and in full possession of them, that are seeds of hell fire. these principles are active and powerful, exceeding violent in their nature, and if it were not for the restraining hand of god upon them, they would soon break out, they would flame out after the same manner as the same corruptions, the same enmity does in the hearts of damned souls, and would beget the same torments as they do in them. the souls of the wicked are in scripture compared to the troubled sea, isa. 57:20. for the present, god restrains their wickedness by his mighty power, as he does the raging waves of the troubled sea, saying, "hitherto shalt thou come, but no further;" but if god should withdraw that restraining power, it would soon carry all before it. sin is the ruin and misery of the soul; it is destructive in its nature; and if god should leave it without restraint, there would need nothing else to make the soul perfectly miserable. the corruption of the heart of man is immoderate and boundless in its fury; and while wicked men live here, it is like fire pent up by god's restraints, whereas if it were let loose, it would set on fire the course of nature; and as the heart is now a sink of sin, so if sin was not restrained, it would immediately turn the soul into a fiery oven, or a furnace of fire and brimstone.7. it is no security to wicked men for one moment, that there are no visible means of death at hand. it is no security to a natural man, that he is now in health, and that he does not see which way he should now immediately go out of the world by any accident, and that there is no visible danger in any respect in his circumstances. the manifold and continual experience of the world in all ages, shows this is no evidence, that a man is not on the very brink of eternity, and that the next step will not be into another world. the unseen, unthought-of ways and means of persons going suddenly out of the world are innumerable and inconceivable. unconverted men walk over the pit of hell on a rotten covering, and there are innumerable places in this covering so weak that they will not bear their weight, and these places are not seen. the arrows of death fly unseen at noon-day; the sharpest sight cannot discern them. god has so many different unsearchable ways of taking wicked men out of the world and sending them to hell, that there is nothing to make it appear, that god had need to be at the expense of a miracle, or go out of the ordinary course of his providence, to destroy any wicked man, at any moment. all the means that there are of sinners going out of the world, are so in god's hands, and so universally and absolutely subject to his power and determination, that it does not depend at all the less on the mere will of god, whether sinners shall at any moment go to hell, than if means were never made use of, or at all concerned in the case.8. natural men's prudence and care to preserve their own lives, or the care of others to preserve them, do not secure them a moment. to this, divine providence and universal experience do also bear testimony. there is this clear evidence that men's own wisdom is no security to them from death; that if it were otherwise we should see some difference between the wise and politic men of the world, and others, with regard to their liableness to early and unexpected death: but how is it in fact? eccles. ii. 16. "how dieth the wise man? even as the fool."9. all wicked men's pains and contrivance which they use to escape hell, while they continue to reject christ, and so remain wicked men, do not secure them from hell one moment. almost every natural man that hears of hell, flatters himself that he shall escape it; he depends upon himself for his own security; he flatters himself in what he has done, in what he is now doing, or what he intends to do. every one lays out matters in his own mind how he shall avoid damnation, and flatters himself that he contrives well for himself, and that his schemes will not fail. they hear indeed that there are but few saved, and that the greater part of men that have died heretofore are gone to hell; but each one imagines that he lays out matters better for his own escape than others have done. he does not intend to come to that place of torment; he says within himself, that he intends to take effectual care, and to order matters so for himself as not to fail.but the foolish children of men miserably delude themselves in their own schemes, and in confidence in their own strength and wisdom; they trust to nothing but a shadow. the greater part of those who heretofore have lived under the same means of grace, and are now dead, are undoubtedly gone to hell; and it was not because they were not as wise as those who are now alive: it was not because they did not lay out matters as well for themselves to secure their own escape. if we could speak with them, and inquire of them, one by one, whether they expected, when alive, and when they used to hear about hell ever to be the subjects of that misery: we doubtless, should hear one and another reply, "no, i never intended to come here: i had laid out matters otherwise in my mind; i thought i should contrive well for myself: i thought my scheme good. i intended to take effectual care; but it came upon me unexpected; i did not look for it at that time, and in that manner; it came as a thief: death outwitted me: god's wrath was too quick for me. oh, my cursed foolishness! i was flattering myself, and pleasing myself with vain dreams of what i would do hereafter; and when i was saying, peace and safety, then suddenly destruction came upon me.10. god has laid himself under no obligation, by any promise to keep any natural man out of hell one moment. god certainly has made no promises either of eternal life, or of any deliverance or preservation from eternal death, but what are contained in the covenant of grace, the promises that are given in christ, in whom all the promises are yea and amen. but surely they have no interest in the promises of the covenant of grace who are not the children of the covenant, who do not believe in any of the promises, and have no interest in the mediator of the covenant.so that, whatever some have imagined and pretended about promises made to natural men's earnest seeking and knocking, it is plain and manifest, that whatever pains a natural man takes in religion, whatever prayers he makes, till he believes in christ, god is under no manner of obligation to keep him a moment from eternal destruction.so that, thus it is that natural men are held in the hand of god, over the pit of hell; they have deserved the fiery pit, and are already sentenced to it; and god is dreadfully provoked, his anger is as great towards them as to those that are actually suffering the executions of the fierceness of his wrath in hell, and they have done nothing in the least to appease or abate that anger, neither is god in the least bound by any promise to hold them up one moment; the devil is waiting for them, hell is gaping for them, the flames gather and flash about them, and would fain lay hold on them, and swallow them up; the fire pent up in their own hearts is struggling to break out: and they have no interest in any mediator, there are no means within reach that can be any security to them. in short, they have no refuge, nothing to take hold of, all that preserves them every moment is the mere arbitrary will, and uncovenanted, unobliged forbearance of an incensed god.applicationthe use of this awful subject may be for awakening unconverted persons in this congregation. this that you have heard is the case of every one of you that are out of christ.-that world of misery, that lake of burning brimstone, is extended abroad under you. there is the dreadful pit of the glowing flames of the wrath of god; there is hell's wide gaping mouth open; and you have nothing to stand upon, nor any thing to take hold of, there is nothing between you and hell but the air; it is only the power and mere pleasure of god that holds you up.you probably are not sensible of this; you find you are kept out of hell, but do not see the hand of god in it; but look at other things, as the good state of your bodily constitution, your care of your own life, and the means you use for your own preservation. but indeed these things are nothing; if god should withdraw his band, they would avail no more to keep you from falling, than the thin air to hold up a person that is suspended in it.your wickedness makes you as it were heavy as lead, and to tend downwards with great weight and pressure towards hell; and if god should let you go, you would immediately sink and swiftly descend and plunge into the bottomless gulf, and your healthy constitution, and your own care and prudence, and best contrivance, and all your righteousness, would have no more influence to uphold you and keep you out of hell, than a spider's web would have to stop a falling rock. were it not for the sovereign pleasure of god, the earth would not bear you one moment; for you are a burden to it; the creation groans with you; the creature is made subject to the bondage of your corruption, not willingly; the sun does not willingly shine upon you to give you light to serve sin and satan; the earth does not willingly yield her increase to satisfy your lusts; nor is it willingly a stage for your wickedness to be acted upon; the air does not willingly serve you for breath to maintain the flame of life in your vitals, while you spend your life in the service of god's enemies. god's creatures are good, and were made for men to serve god with, and do not willingly subserve to any other purpose, and groan when they are abused to purposes so directly contrary to their nature and end. and the world would spew you out, were it not for the sovereign hand of him who hath subjected it in hope. there are black clouds of god's wrath now hanging directly over your heads, full of the dreadful storm, and big with thunder; and were it not for the restraining hand of god, it would immediately burst forth upon you. the sovereign pleasure of god, for the present, stays his rough wind; otherwise it would come with fury, and your destruction would come like a whirlwind, and you would be like the chaff of the summer threshing floor.the wrath of god is like great waters that are dammed for the present; they increase more and more, and rise higher and higher, till an outlet is given; and the longer the stream is stopped, the more rapid and mighty is its course, when once it is let loose. it is true, that judgment against your evil works has not been executed hitherto; the floods of god's vengeance have been withheld; but your guilt in the mean time is constantly increasing, and you are every day treasuring up more wrath; the waters are constantly rising, and waxing more and more mighty; and there is nothing but the mere pleasure of god, that holds the waters back, that are unwilling to be stopped, and press hard to go forward. if god should only withdraw his hand from the flood-gate, it would immediately fly open, and the fiery floods of the fierceness and wrath of god, would rush forth with inconceivable fury, and would come upon you with omnipotent power; and if your strength were ten thousand times greater than it is, yea, ten thousand times greater than the strength of the stoutest, sturdiest devil in hell, it would be nothing to withstand or endure it.the bow of god's wrath is bent, and the arrow made ready on the string, and justice bends the arrow at your heart, and strains the bow, and it is nothing but the mere pleasure of god, and that of an angry god, without any promise or obligation at all, that keeps the arrow one moment from being made drunk with your blood. thus all you that never passed under a great change of heart, by the mighty power of the spirit of god upon your souls; all you that were never born again, and made new creatures, and raised from being dead in sin, to a state of new, and before altogether unexperienced light and life, are in the hands of an angry god. however you may have reformed your life in many things, and may have had religious affections, and may keep up a form of religion in your families and closets, and in the house of god, it is nothing but his mere pleasure that keeps you from being this moment swallowed up in everlasting destruction. however unconvinced you may now be of the truth of what you hear, by and by you will be fully convinced of it. those that are gone from being in the like circumstances with you, see that it was so with them; for destruction came suddenly upon most of them; when they expected nothing of it, and while they were saying, peace and safety: now they see, that those things on which they depended for peace and safety, were nothing but thin air and empty shadows.the god that holds you over the pit of hell, much as one holds a spider, or some loathsome insect over the fire, abhors you, and is dreadfully provoked: his wrath towards you burns like fire; he looks upon you as worthy of nothing else, but to be cast into the fire; he is of purer eyes than to bear to have you in his sight; you are ten thousand times more abominable in his eyes, than the most hateful venomous serpent is in ours. you have offended him infinitely more than ever a stubborn rebel did his prince; and yet it is nothing but his hand that holds you from falling into the fire every moment. it is to be ascribed to nothing else, that you did not go to hell the last night; that you was suffered to awake again in this world, after you closed your eyes to sleep. and there is no other reason to be given, why you have not dropped into hell since you arose in the morning, but that god's hand has held you up. there is no other reason to be given why you have not gone to hell, since you have sat here in the house of god, provoking his pure eyes by your sinful wicked manner of attending his solemn worship. yea, there is nothing else that is to be given as a reason why you do not this very moment drop down into hell.o sinner! consider the fearful danger you are in: it is a great furnace of wrath, a wide and bottomless pit, full of the fire of wrath, that you are held over in the hand of that god, whose wrath is provoked and incensed as much against you, as against many of the damned in hell. you hang by a slender thread, with the flames of divine wrath flashing about it, and ready every moment to singe it, and burn it asunder; and you have no interest in any mediator, and nothing to lay hold of to save yourself, nothing to keep off the flames of wrath, nothing of your own, nothing that you ever have done, nothing that you can do, to induce god to spare you one moment. and consider here more particularly1. whose wrath it is: it is the wrath of the infinite god. if it were only the wrath of man, though it were of the most potent prince, it would be comparatively little to be regarded. the wrath of kings is very much dreaded, especially of absolute monarchs, who have the possessions and lives of their subjects wholly in their power, to be disposed of at their mere will. prov. 20:2. "the fear of a king is as the roaring of a lion: whoso provoketh him to anger, sinneth against his own soul." the subject that very much enrages an arbitrary prince, is liable to suffer the most extreme torments that human art can invent, or human power can inflict. but the greatest earthly potentates in their greatest majesty and strength, and when clothed in their greatest terrors, are but feeble, despicable worms of the dust, in comparison of the great and almighty creator and king of heaven and earth. it is but little that they can do, when most enraged, and when they have exerted the utmost of their fury. all the kings of the earth, before god, are as grasshoppers; they are nothing, and less than nothing: both their love and their hatred is to be despised. the wrath of the great king of kings, is as much more terrible than theirs, as his majesty is greater. luke 12:4, 5. "and i say unto you, my friends, be not afraid of them that kill the body, and after that, have no more that they can do. but i will forewarn you whom you shall fear: fear him, which after he hath killed, hath power to cast into hell: yea, i say unto you, fear him."2. it is the fierceness of his wrath that you are exposed to. we often read of the fury of god; as in isaiah lix. 18. "according to their deeds, accordingly he will repay fury to his adversaries." so isaiah 66:15. "for behold, the lord will come with fire, and with his chariots like a whirlwind, to render his anger with fury, and his rebuke with flames of fire." and in many other places. so, rev. 19:15, we read of "the wine press of the fierceness and wrath of almighty god." the words are exceeding terrible. if it had only been said, "the wrath of god," the words would have implied that which is infinitely dreadful: but it is "the fierceness and wrath of god." the fury of god! the fierceness of jehovah! oh, how dreadful must that be! who can utter or conceive what such expressions carry in them! but it is also "the fierceness and wrath of almighty god." as though there would be a very great manifestation of his almighty power in what the fierceness of his wrath should inflict, as though omnipotence should be as it were enraged, and exerted, as men are wont to exert their strength in the fierceness of their wrath. oh! then, what will be the consequence! what will become of the poor worms that shall suffer it! whose hands can be strong? and whose heart can endure? to what a dreadful, inexpressible, inconceivable depth of misery must the poor creature be sunk who shall be the subject of this!consider this, you that are here present, that yet remain in an unregenerate state. that god will execute the fierceness of his anger, implies, that he will inflict wrath without any pity. when god beholds the ineffable extremity of your case, and sees your torment to be so vastly disproportioned to your strength, and sees how your poor soul is crushed, and sinks down, as it were, into an infinite gloom; he will have no compassion upon you, he will not forbear the executions of his wrath, or in the least lighten his hand; there shall be no moderation or mercy, nor will god then at all stay his rough wind; he will have no regard to your welfare, nor be at all careful lest you should suffer too much in any other sense, than only that you shall not suffer beyond what strict justice requires. nothing shall be withheld, because it is so hard for you to bear. ezek. viii. 18. "therefore will i also deal in fury: mine eye shall not spare, neither will i have pity; and though they cry in mine ears with a loud voice, yet i will not hear them." now god stands ready to pity you; this is a day of mercy; you may cry now with some encouragement of obtaining mercy. but when once the day of mercy is past, your most lamentable and dolorous cries and shrieks will be in vain; you will be wholly lost and thrown away of god, as to any regard to your welfare. god will have no other use to put you to, but to suffer misery; you shall be continued in being to no other end; for you will be a vessel of wrath fitted to destruction; and there will be no other use of this vessel, but to be filled full of wrath. god will be so far from pitying you when you cry to him, that it is said he will only "laugh and mock," prov. 1:25, 26, &c.how awful are those words, isa. 63:3, which are the words of the great god. "i will tread them in mine anger, and will trample them in my fury, and their blood shall be sprinkled upon my garments, and i will stain all my raiment." it is perhaps impossible to conceive of words that carry in them greater manifestations of these three things, vis. contempt, and hatred, and fierceness of indignation. if you cry to god to pity you, he will be so far from pitying you in your doleful case, or showing you the least regard or favour, that instead of that, he will only tread you under foot. and though he will know that you cannot bear the weight of omnipotence treading upon you, yet he will not regard that, but he will crush you under his feet without mercy; he will crush out your blood, and make it fly, and it shall be sprinkled on his garments, so as to stain all his raiment. he will not only hate you, but he will have you, in the utmost contempt: no place shall be thought fit for you, but under his feet to be trodden down as the mire of the streets.the misery you are exposed to is that which god will inflict to that end, that he might show what that wrath of jehovah is. god hath had it on his heart to show to angels and men, both how excellent his love is, and also how terrible his wrath is. sometimes earthly kings have a mind to show how terrible their wrath is, by the extreme punishments they would execute on those that would provoke them. nebuchadnezzar, that mighty and haughty monarch of the chaldean empire, was willing to show his wrath when enraged with shadrach, meshech, and abednego; and accordingly gave orders that the burning fiery furnace should be heated seven times hotter than it was before; doubtless, it was raised to the utmost degree of fierceness that human art could raise it. but the great god is also willing to show his wrath, and magnify his awful majesty and mighty power in the extreme sufferings of his enemies. rom. 9:22. "what if god, willing to show his wrath, and to make his power known, endure with much long-suffering the vessels of wrath fitted to destruction?" and seeing this is his design, and what he has determined, even to show how terrible the unrestrained wrath, the fury and fierceness of jehovah is, he will do it to effect. there will be something accomplished and brought to pass that will be dreadful with a witness. when the great and angry god hath risen up and executed his awful vengeance on the poor sinner, and the wretch is actually suffering the infinite weight and power of his indignation, then will god call upon the whole universe to behold that awful majesty and mighty power that is to be seen in it. isa. 33:12-14. "and the people shall be as the burnings of lime, as thorns cut up shall they be burnt in the fire. hear ye that are far off, what i have done; and ye that are near, acknowledge my might. the sinners in zion are afraid; fearfulness hath surprised the hypocrites," &c.thus it will be with you that are in an unconverted state, if you continue in it; the infinite might, and majesty, and terribleness of the omnipotent god shall be magnified upon you, in the ineffable strength of your torments. you shall be tormented in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the lamb; and when you shall be in this state of suffering, the glorious inhabitants of heaven shall go forth and look on the awful spectacle, that they may see what the wrath and fierceness of the almighty is; and when they have seen it, they will fall down and adore that great power and majesty. isa. lxvi. 23, 24. "and it shall come to pass, that from one new moon to another, and from one sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to worship before me, saith the lord. and they shall go forth and look upon the carcasses of the men that have transgressed against me; for their worm shall not die, neither shall their fire be quenched, and they shall be an abhorring unto all flesh."4. it is everlasting wrath. it would be dreadful to suffer this fierceness and wrath of almighty god one moment; but you must suffer it to all eternity. there will be no end to this exquisite horrible misery. when you look forward, you shall see a long for ever, a boundless duration before you, which will swallow up your thoughts, and amaze your soul; and you will absolutely despair of ever having any deliverance, any end, any mitigation, any rest at all. you will know certainly that you must wear out long ages, millions of millions of ages, in wrestling and conflicting with this almighty merciless vengeance; and then when you have so done, when so many ages have actually been spent by you in this manner, you will know that all is but a point to what remains. so that your punishment will indeed be infinite. oh, who can express what the state of a soul in such circumstances is! all that we can possibly say about it, gives but a very feeble, faint representation of it; it is inexpressible and inconceivable: for "who knows the power of god's anger?"how dreadful is the state of those that are daily and hourly in the danger of this great wrath and infinite misery! but this is the dismal case of every soul in this congregation that has not been born again, however moral and strict, sober and religious, they may otherwise be. oh that you would consider it, whether you be young or old! there is reason to think, that there are many in this congregation now hearing this discourse, that will actually be the subjects of this very misery to all eternity. we know not who they are, or in what seats they sit, or what thoughts they now have. it may be they are now at ease, and hear all these things without much disturbance, and are now flattering themselves that they are not the persons, promising themselves that they shall escape. if we knew that there was one person, and but one, in the whole congregation, that was to be the subject of this misery, what an awful thing would it be to think of! if we knew who it was, what an awful sight would it be to see such a person! how might all the rest of the congregation lift up a lamentable and bitter cry over him! but, alas! instead of one, how many is it likely will remember this discourse in hell? and it would be a wonder, if some that are now present should not be in hell in a very short time, even before this year is out. and it would be no wonder if some persons, that now sit here, in some seats of this meeting-house, in health, quiet and secure, should be there before to-morrow morning. those of you that finally continue in a natural condition, that shall keep out of hell longest will be there in a little time! your damnation does not slumber; it will come swiftly, and, in all probability, very suddenly upon many of you. you have reason to wonder that you are not already in hell. it is doubtless the case of some whom you have seen and known, that never deserved hell more than you, and that heretofore appeared as likely to have been now alive as you. their case is past all hope; they are crying in extreme misery and perfect despair; but here you are in the land of the living and in the house of god, and have an opportunity to obtain salvation. what would not those poor damned hopeless souls give for one day's opportunity such as you now enjoy!and now you have an extraordinary opportunity, a day wherein christ has thrown the door of mercy wide open, and stands in calling and crying with a loud voice to poor sinners; a day wherein many are flocking to him, and pressing into the kingdom of god. many are daily coming from the east, west, north and south; many that were very lately in the same miserable condition that you are in, are now in a happy state, with their hearts filled with love to him who has loved them, and washed them from their sins in his own blood, and rejoicing in hope of the glory of god. how awful is it to be left behind at such a day! to see so many others feasting, while you are pining and perishing! to see so many rejoicing and singing for joy of heart, while you have cause to mourn for sorrow of heart, and howl for vexation of spirit! how can you rest one moment in such a condition? are not your souls as precious as the souls of the people at suffield*, where they are flocking from day to day to christ?are there not many here who have lived long in the world, and are not to this day born again? and so are aliens from the commonwealth of israel, and have done nothing ever since they have lived, but treasure up wrath against the day of wrath? oh, sirs, your case, in an especial manner, is extremely dangerous. your guilt and hardness of heart is extremely great. do you not see how generally persons of your years are passed over and left, in the present remarkable and wonderful dispensation of god's mercy? you had need to consider yourselves, and awake thoroughly out of sleep. you cannot bear the fierceness and wrath of the infinite god.-and you, young men, and young women, will you neglect this precious season which you now enjoy, when so many others of your age are renouncing all youthful vanities, and flocking to christ? you especially have now an extraordinary opportunity; but if you neglect it, it will soon be with you as with those persons who spent all the precious days of youth in sin, and are now come to such a dreadful pass in blindness and hardness. and you, children, who are unconverted, do not you know that you are going down to hell, to bear the dreadful wrath of that god, who is now angry with you every day and every night? will you be content to be the children of the devil, when so many other children in the land are converted, and are become the holy and happy children of the king of kings?and let every one that is yet out of christ, and hanging over the pit of hell, whether they be old men and women, or middle aged, or young people, or little children, now harken to the loud calls of god's word and providence. this acceptable year of the lord, a day of such great favours to some, will doubtless be a day of as remarkable vengeance to others. men's hearts harden, and their guilt increases apace at such a day as this, if they neglect their souls; and never was there so great danger of such persons being given up to hardness of heart and blindness of mind. god seems now to be hastily gathering in his elect in all parts of the land; and probably the greater part of adult persons that ever shall be saved, will be brought in now in a little time, and that it will be as it was on the great out-pouring of the spirit upon the jews in the apostles' days; the election will obtain, and the rest will be blinded. if this should be the case with you, you will eternally curse this day, and will curse the day that ever you was born, to see such a season of the pouring out of god's spirit, and will wish that you had died and gone to hell before you had seen it. now undoubtedly it is, as it was in the days of john the baptist, the axe is in an extraordinary manner laid at the root of the trees, that every tree which brings not forth good fruit, may be hewn down and cast into the fire.therefore, let every one that is out of christ, now awake and fly from the wrath to come. the wrath of almighty god is now undoubtedly hanging over a great part of this congregation: let every one fly out of sodom: "haste and escape for your lives, look not behind you, escape to the mountain, lest you be consumed."

posted by charlie | 1:07 pm
       |
         4 comments
 




tuesday, march 07, 2006



an observational study of romans: chapter 1, verse 31.  "concerning his son..."  this should be, for any christian, an amazing and profound verse!  god has a son!  and what's more, this son is eternally the son.  one way one could argue the deity and eternality of the son is to ask "was the father always the father?"  if the answer be yes, then one would be forced to ask "how?  how can god eternally be father without eternally having a son?"  this same son of god is the topic and the subject of this gospel, which god had promised beforehand.  the questions following this should be something along the lines of "what has this son to do with this gospel, that it should be about him?"  and "who is this son, and what is he like?"  in other writings, we find that jesus christ, this person to whom paul is a bond-servant, is that same son of god, eternal, uncreated, almighty, begotten and not made.2.  "who was born...according to the flesh"  it is of extremely great significance to point out that jesus in the flesh was born here on earth, and not his eternal deity or sonship.  this is of huge importance, because so many in church history have blasphemed the nature of christ by saying that he was created or born in his divinity, which is absolutely mistaken.  his humanity was here on earth, was born to a woman.  his divinity always was.  how this meshing of two natures came to be is a mystery that may never be figured out, but that does not make it untrue.3.  "born of a descendant of david..." this is, once again, of great theological importance.  why is it so important that jesus be born to a descendent of david?  why did jesus have to come from the line of david?  there are several good reasons, but it is mainly prudent to look at the more predominant two.jesus was pictured in prophecy over and over as a king.  in revelation he is the king of kings.  in isaiah he is the prince of peace, as well as having the government rest on his shoulders.  to be a king, he would have to come from the line of kings, namely, david's line.  this would establish his legal right to rule.secondly, jesus' belonging to the line of david puts him in the line of the davidic promises.  some of these promises and prophecies are:isaiah 9:6isaiah 11:1-5isaiah 11:10isaiah 16:5jeremiah 23:5-6       all in all, this verse is talking about the gospel being about the son of god, who was born to the davidic line according to the flesh. 

posted by charlie | 7:17 pm
       |
         0 comments
 




monday, march 06, 2006



an observational study of romans: chapter 1, verse 2 1. "which he promised..." god promised people his gospel. the gospel of god is not a last minute fix to a problem just sprung up. it is a promised and prophecied message. we see this over and over again in genesis, isaiah, jeremiah, exodus, and in every book in which there is prophecy. it could ver well be said that all prophecy is pointing to the gospel!2. "...promised beforehand..." one might be inclined to wonder what beforehand means. what it seems to indicate is that this gospel was prepared before the foundations of the world were even laid. the fall, and thus the need for the gospel, was no surprise or accident to god.3. "...through..." god used a channel through which he promised this gospel. god didn't just make a promise quietly; he declared it somehow through a channel of sorts!4. "...his prophets..." these prophets through which god made the promises were totally sold out to god. what is a prophet? a prophet, unlike the people of today, was a man of god which is used of god to both forthtell god's message to the nation of israel and to foretell the prophecy of the messiah's coming. the modern day "prophets" who babble in tongues and make specific "prophecies" for specific individuals are nothing but charlatans and fortune tellers! prophets did not babble on, but spoke clearly and powerfully. prophets did not act as personal fortune tellers, but spoke to and about nations.  prophets did not merely foretell, but always had a call for repentence!5.  "...holy..."  this word is charged with theological significance.  the word holy means set apart; unique.  holy also tends to carry a connotation of righteousness and blamelessness.  this word is used over and over to describe god.  in isaiah 6 the angels sing "holy, holy, holy is the lord almighty."  god is supremely holy in that he is compltely different in essence and nature from any other thing.  not only this, but god calls his people to be similarly holy. 6.  "...holy scriptures..."  the scriptures are completely unique and set apart from any other writing.  no other piece of literature in all of history is as life-changing, as fluid, as composed as our scriptures are.  if one is to study the history of the books of the bible, it should be impossible to not develop an awe for these monumental works!  66 books from around 40 authors from different backgrounds covering around 3000 years of history, and yet there is amazing continuity and agreement within its pages.  and that is why these are called holy!  what this verse is now saying is that god promised this gospel through his prophets in writing.  god promised in writing to send a gospel of good news to people! 

posted by charlie | 2:02 am
       |
         0 comments
 




friday, march 03, 2006



an observational study of romans: chapter 1, verse 1 1.  "paul, ..."  first of all, see that he calls himself paul instead of saul.  this is a marked change from what he once was.  once a murderer, a pharisee, a persecutor of god's true church, he is now writing a document that has changed the world!  sixteen chapters jam-packed with theological significance comes from the pen of a wicked, rebellious sinner who was so totally changed by the grace of god that he couldn't help writing!2.  "...a bond-servant..."  right off the bat, paul introduces himself as a slave to christ.  this willingness to humble himself is a remarkable differenece from what he once was.  what can also certainly be said about paul is that he realized he was not his own.  what seems to be obvious in this verse is that he was a bond-servant to someone.  what isn't so obvious, at this point, is to whom paul belonged!  what can be seen from this verse is that paul is not the only character in this verse.  paul is not even the main character!3.  "...bond-servant of christ jesus..." in the secular mind, this is absolutely insane!  in the mind of a great number of people, jesus is dead!  dead men don't own anyone!  obviously, something happened to paul to make him to believe not only that jesus is alive, but that he is the master of paul.  whatever could convince a man of great learning such as paul should capture the attention.4.  "...called..."  once again we see that someone else , namely jesus, is lurking behind these verses.  this time, however, paul is talking about his calling.  the main questions one should be asking about this phrase are: when was paul called? to what was paul called? in what way was he called?  5.  "...called as an apostle..."  in this phrase, paul explains to what he was called, which answers the second question.  however, what is the job of an apostle?  what are the qualifications an apostle must have?  and, once again, why paul?  why would god choose such a man as paul?6.  "...set apart..."  this seems to, in part, be an explanation of the previous statement, "called as an apostle."  paul seems to have been set apart by god to do something, probably for his apostleship.  once again, one has to ask when and how paul was set apart, as well as what he was set apart from.7.  "...set apart for the gospel..."  what is this gospel for which paul is set apart?  in what way does this gospel relate to his apostleship?  it would seem to be that paul's life has been set apart as an apostle to live for this gospel.  gospel means "good news."  what is this good news, that it is so important that it takes over this man's whole life?  such a gospel must be infinitely precious to this man.8.  "...gospel of god..."  this means good news of god, literally.  what an amazing phrase!  most people say this means that the gospel is from god or about god.  while these things are most certainly true, this phrase also seems to say that the good news is god!  how powerful!  god is the gospel!  but who is this god?  why is he good news in himself?  what does he have for people that to speak of it is called "gospel?"  god is the most important word in this whole verse.  what is said about him either makes this gospel foolishness or the most marvelous news that could ever be relayed. 

posted by charlie | 10:09 pm
       |
         0 comments
 








 
		  		









