








home - fle online
























































 



 








72385 alexandre circles, emmafurt, ma 07683786.528.7430 

visit us on social networks 




 


 




book a service 


home
about fle
services
contact
blog
 








regular  maintenanceroutine maintenance, replacement of oil, pads, candles, filters
order a servicerepair of suspensionreplacement of shock absorbers, levers, ball joints, turning the brake discs
order a servicerepair of engine systemscomputer diagnostics engine, rebuild the engine, replacement of timing belts (timing chain), washing the injector
order a servicebrands we work withbecome our,customer todayquality of work: we do the work qualitatively and on time. repair and maintenance of cars according to the manufacturer’s recommendations with a 2-year warranty we really know how to repair cars and we know how to do it.
reasonable prices: optimal price-quality ratio. integrity: we only repair and replace what you really need. warranty on work and spare parts: we give a 2-year warranty on all work performed and spare parts purchased from us.
our servicesread moremaintenance car maintenance is a complex of service activities aimed at preventing possible malfunctions. read morebrake system repairthe cost is made up of the working time to be spent on troubleshooting, prices for consumables and parts. read moretransmission repairthe transmission is a fairly complex device that consists of many components. read moreengine maintenancethe stability of the engine determines the life of the vehicle. read morecar suspension repairthe safety of the driver and passengers depends on the suspension system. read moreelectrical repairstep-by-step diagnosis of electronic units, component parts and components, as well as repair of the car's electrical system as a whole.partners andsupplierswe work with reliable and proven suppliers. we work with reliable and proven suppliers, ensuring low prices and quick turnaround time. large holdings and companies trust us to service their fleets maintenance and repair computer diagnostics engine repair repair of transmissions repair starters, generators repair of electronic units injector cleaning air conditioning repair and filling 3d camber tire serviceexplore morepartners andsupplierswe work with reliable and proven suppliers. we work with reliable and proven suppliers, ensuring low prices and quick turnaround time. large holdings and companies trust us to service their fleets maintenance and repair computer diagnostics engine repair repair of transmissions repair starters, generators repair of electronic units injector cleaning air conditioning repair and filling 3d camber tire serviceexplore morecomfortableseating areaview expertisegreat client storiesvery good auto service center. 


5


servicing my car, my wife and my daughter’s car. always a respectful attitude. masters do the diagnostics professionally, always advise what work needs to be done. i recommend going to this tech center. marlee hermancar ownerthey greeted me in a very friendly way! 


5


the service is staffed by qualified specialists, friendly. wizard helped me a lot, i will be repairing my car here! made very high quality and fast, i recommend this service to everyone!!! thank you very much again! mazie nitzscheaudiour partners



the air intake ultimate guide gmbbodyforum.com will help you to improve the car engine’s airflow and find the right air intake for your vehicle.

the tonybassogm.com blog has been created to provide information about the latest jeep parts and accessories available on the market.

are you tired of fixing your car ? looking for a new ? zemotor can help you to find you a car you want.

mercteil is the perfect way to customize your mercedes-benz. we have a huge catalogue of genuine parts, including amg steering wheels, mercedes body kits, brabus exhausts and more, so you can get the perfect look and feel for your car.



best home cleaning business powered with lamborghini diesel burner, 295.psi steam pressure, detergent injection

dieseltech truck repair shops trailer service offers comprehensive truck and trailer repair services in coquitlam.

blue sky limo’s transportation to/from eagle airport provides the ultimate in luxury and convenience for travelers heading to the rocky mountain ski resorts of eagle county, colorado.



news & articles10% discount on all types of locksmith work at the initial application, or when you sign up for service on the site through the feedback form.view all newscar maintenance tips for winter driving in the mountains2024-08-30get to know the repair features of a dodge ram 15002023-03-17comprehensive installation guide for ram 1500 cold air intake2023-03-1711 tips to save money on car maintenance2023-03-13the top 10 most common car repair problems2023-03-07safe driving tips everyone should know2022-08-10why don't wetalk business?repair and maintenance of cars should be entrusted to experienced specialists, who have the necessary technical means at their disposal to implement the set tasks. an excellent car service can boast the presence of professionals in the staff.
 












your name



your email address



what you’d like to discuss?
project scopebusiness consultinghuman resourcingstartupsproject definingfinancing and crowfunding




your message





 























