







mildred elley career training in albany, ny and nyc















































 








skip to content



student portalstudent resourcesstudent servicesfaculty/staffguest servicesclosingstoggle navigationhomeacademicsadvanced paralegal studiesbusiness managementinformation technologymedical assistantmassage therapynurse aidephlebotomypractical nursingcampusesalbany, nynew york, nypittsfield, maonline programsadmissionstop reasons to choose mildred elleyarticulation agreementsfinancial aidpolicies and informationdebt managementaboutaccreditationsdisclosuresapply nowrequest info
 





homemildred elley2025-02-11t10:34:58-05:00 
mildred elley’s career trainingthe power to change your lifefind a programapply nowcareer training at mildred elleyattending mildred elley means you not only receive quality career training, but it also means you get access to the most advanced job and career training classes available.
why choose mildred elley?students enroll at mildred elley to obtain the education they need to learn marketable skills or improve existing job skills. the career education experience at mildred elley is carefully designed to help ensure students get the technical skills, education, and hands-on experience they may need to reach their dream career*.
here at mildred elley, we understand how important up-to-date technical competencies and professional skills are to a student’s professional growth. our promise to you is that we will always continue to update our career training classes to reflect current trends and make you a qualified and desirable candidate for your future employer.
in our courses, we encourage students to reach their goals in whichever career training program they choose! we offer vocational training through a variety of certificate and associates degree programs. explore the career training programs mildred elley has to offer and begin your journey towards professional development.
mildred elley’s career training optionswith the consistent advancement in healthcare, we offer the latest associates degree and certificate options in our medical assistant programs as well as a certificate option for practical nursing (lpn), giving you the career education and competitive advantage you may need to succeed in the healthcare field.
our unrivaled career training classes in business management and information technology help students like you grow their online and traditional business acumen, improve efficiencies in business processes, and enhance communications with consumers and clients. we also offer a paralegal studies program to help equip you to provide legal support to corporations or other similar business settings.
for those wishing to keep up with the ever-changing and wellness trends, exploring a career in massage therapy could be a rewarding options! you’ll never get bored helping people feel their best!
*associates degree & certificate completion times vary by program
5 reasons to choose mildred elleycareer focused vocational programs
choose from many technical and career training options that are designed to get you into your career as quickly as possible.
financial aid & scholarships available
we offer many options to help you finance your vocational school education.
*financial aid is available for those who qualify.
accredited & approved
mildred elley is institutionally accredited by the accrediting bureau of health education schools (abhes).
lifetime job placement assistance
we will help you find a career for the rest of your life — with resume help, job searches, interview skills and more.
flexible scheduling
choose convenient vocational class schedules that work for you — day, evening, weekend & online classes available.
*not all schedules are available at all campuses or for all programs.
schedule a campus tour todaytake a tour of one of our two campus locations to get the full mildred elley experience.
schedulelearn more about mildred elley nowwith many degree and certificate program options available, there’s  a lot to learn.
requestready to get started?take the next step and get started now.
apply nowthe latest news from our blogcareer building resources


 

what is an lpn? what you need to know if you are considering practical nursing as a careermildred elley|january 3rd, 2024|read more


 

what will you learn in lpn classes?mildred elley|august 8th, 2022|read more


 

how to become a certified phlebotomistmildred elley|april 7th, 2022|read more
see all blog postsget started training for your career today!ready to make a change? take the first step!
get started today!
get started today!
select a campusalbanymanhattanonlinebrooklynamsterdam  first select a campus  select a programmassage therapymedical assistantnurse aide trainingphlebotomypractical nursing  select a programmassage therapymedical assistantphlebotomypractical nursing  select a programmedical assistantpractical nursing  select a programmedical assistantpractical nursing  select a programbusiness managementinformation technologyparalegal studies  by completing and submitting this form, i understand and authorize mildred elley representatives to contact me about the school and its program offerings by phone (both landline and mobile, dialed manually or automatically), text message, email or mail.*

thank you for your message. it has been sent.×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.×get started now!



 
 
mildred elley – career training locations


mildred elley – albany, ny

855 central ave, albany, ny 12206
(518) 807-0308
admissions-albany@mildred-elley.edu



mildred elley – new york, ny 

25 broadway, floor 16, new york, ny, 10004
(646) 580-4999 admissionsnyc@mildred-elley.edu


mildred elley – online programs
(518) 807-0308admissions-online@mildred-elley.edu


mildred elley – pittsfield, ma

100 west st, pittsfield, ma 01201

(413) 358-4846
infopittsfield@mildred-elley.edu

quick links

homeacademicscampusesadmissionsfinancial aidcareersaboutblogcopyright © 2025 mildred elley. all rights reserved. • privacy policy


 
 
page load link

closings and delays

albany campus – classes are on time and in session.

nyc metro campus – classes are on time and in session.

pittsfield campus  – classes are on time and in session.








go to top




