


hypertension medications (http://www.hypertensionmeds.com)








 









 
 











our purpose is to provide 
valuable information on hypertension.  this web site is entirely supported 
by your financial donations. we are continuing to add the latest information on 
hypertension and hypertension medications.everyone is welcome to use this 
site for information. however, if you find this information useful and can 
afford to support us, please consider a one time donation.  please select 
the secure donation button below to 
donate $12 (or any amount you select) to help support this site. 










 







hypertension medications
see warranties 
and disclaimers at bottom of page
 


  brand name
listing of hypertension medications
 


  generic name
listing of hypertension medications
 


  classification name
listing of hypertension medications
(go here for links to detail information on each 
medication)



 

   

   


 

 
google and third party vendor ads & cookies privacy policy - click here
google sponsored ads
 

 








      

      



hypertension charts and models available
(click on above pictures for more information)


 


 


 





adverse effects of hypertension medications




adverse effects this link will take you to a
listing of adverse effects such as nausea, vomiting, headaches, which can occur
with individual hypertension medications. you select the specific adverse
effect and the hypertension medications associated with that adverse effect
will be listed.




 

 





international brand names of hypertension medications




international brand names use this listing to find
an international brand name of a hypertension medication. the united states
generic name will be listed next to the international brand name. this will
enable you to look up information on this site using the generic names.




 

 





hypertension medication names that look and/or sound alike




look / sound alike hypertension medication names
there are many hypertension medications that sound or look very close to other
medications. you should make sure that you receive your specific hypertension
medication and not one that has been confused with your medication. here is a
list of possible hypertension medication errors.
the hypertension medication is listed first. the medication in parenthesis is
the medication that looks and/or sounds similar.




 

 





hypertension medication that should not be crushed or chewed




hypertension medication that should not be crushed of 
chewed  always take medications as directed.  medications that are 
not on this list does not indicate that it can or should be crushed or chewed.




 

 





discontinued hypertension medication




list of discontinued hypertension medications 
by brand names.




 

 




pharmaceutical companies and their hypertension medication




list of pharmaceutical companies  
hypertension medications are grouped with their pharmaceutical companies.




 

 





mechanisms of actions  - hypertension medication




mechanisms of actions  
hypertension medications mechanisms of actions.




 

 





hypertension information




hypertension information  
information, news, books, journals, and other educational .items.




 
 


 
the 
incredible medical school
hypertension 
medications
pediatric 
critical care
online medical videos
medical educational videos
 
 

	 


back to top of page



 
©
starr vision productions, inc.
225 adams st
georgetown, tx 78628
email: 
aricks@hypertensionmeds.com

download adv rate info (5mb)
 


if you find errors on this site, please
email us the information!!
 




see privacy and cookie policy above.
warning! information on this site is for educational purposes only. it
			  should never be used for diagnosis and treatments. listings on this site may be
			  incomplete or may contain errors. please see the package insert on a specific
			  medication or consult other sources for additional or confirming information.
			  always consult your medical or health professionals.  remember, keep all 
			  medications out of the reach of children, never share your medications with 
			  others, and use medications only for the indication prescribed.
disclaimer: no guarantee is made that the information on this site is 
accurate, complete, or up to date.  the drug information on this site is 
for educational purposes only.  it should never be used for diagnosis and 
treatments.  always consult your pharmacist or doctor to confirm specific 
information about the drug you are taking.  the information on this site 
does not endorse the drugs, provide a diagnosis, or recommend treatment.  
the brand names on this site are the property of their respective trademark 
owners.  the information on this site is not a substitute for the 
expertise, skill, knowledge, and judgement of healthcare practitioners in 
patient care.  the information on this site does not cover all possible 
drug uses, directions, precautions, warnings, interactions, allergic reactions, 
or adverse effects.  the absence of a warning, drug use, direction, 
precaution, interaction, allergic reaction, or adverse effect in no way should 
be construed to indicate that the drug or drug combination does not have other 
important uses, directions, precautions, interactions, allergic reactions, or 
adverse effects, or that the drug is safe, effective or appropriate for any 
given patient.  the providers of information on this site does not assume 
any responsibility for any aspect of healthcare administered with the aid of 
information found on this site.  if you have questions about the drugs you 
are taking, consult your doctor, nurse, or pharmacist.  
disclaimer of warranties
the user of information on this site acknowledges that the information is 
provided on an "as is" basis. except for warranties which may not be disclaimed 
as a matter of law, there is no representation or warranties whatsoever, express 
or implied, including but not limited to representations or warranties regarding 
the accuracy or nature of the content of the information, warranties of title, 
noninfringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.  the user 
acknowledges that updates to the information are at the sole discretion of starr 
vision productions, inc.
assumption of risk, disclaimer of liability, indemnity
the user assumes all risk for selection and use of the information provided.  
starr vision productions shall not be responsible for any errors, misstatements, 
inaccuracies or omissions regarding any information on this site.
the user acknowledges that starr vision productions: (a) has no control of or 
responsibility for the user's use of the information provided, (b) has no 
knowledge of the specific or unique circumstances under which the information 
provided thereon may be used by the user, or (c) undertakes no obligation to 
supplement or update content of the information.
starr vision productions shall not be liable to any person (including but not 
limited to the user and persons treated by or on behalf of the user) for, and 
the user agrees to indemnify and hold starr vision productions harmless from any 
claims, lawsuits, proceedings, costs, attorney's fees, damages or other losses 
(collectively, "losses") arising out of or relating to (a) the user's use of the 
service or content provided thereon or any equipment furnished in connection 
therewith and (b) any data or information input on the service by user, in all 
case including but not limited to losses for tort, personal injury, medical 
malpractice or product liability. further, without limiting the foregoing, in no 
event shall starr vision productions be liable for any special, incidental, 
consequential, or indirect damages, including damages for loss of profits, loss 
of business, or down time, even if starr vision productions has been advised of 
the possibility of such damages.  if the information contained on this site is 
used by physicians and other healthcare professionals, they should rely on their 
clinical discretion and judgement in diagnosis and treatment, and not rely on 
the information found on this site.  the user hereby assumes full responsibility 
for insuring the appropriateness of using and relying upon the information in 
view of all attendant circumstances, indications and contradictions.
liability of starr vision productions to the user
under no circumstances shall starr vision productions be liable to the user or 
any other person for any direct, indirect, exemplary, special or consequential 
damages arising out of or relating to the user's use of or inability to use the 
information or the content of the site provided.




 high blood pressure, hypertension 
	medications, bpmeds.com, blood pressure medications, hypertension



