







cat breeders, for breeders of pedigree cats








cat breeder




























just cats - no dogs, no fish, no birds, no goats - just cats

						   hello and welcome to catbreeder, the online showcase for  pedigree cats.
               enjoy your visit and remember to bookmark us;  the site is updated weekly so there's always something new.
							 to enter the site please scroll past the news section to the category listings for cat breeder.
            

breeders, please note: when requesting changes to your entry please include breed and the county/country 
								your listing appears under. this makes things a lot easier for us! thanks!
						

						    cat breeder news
							
						

						   please scroll past the news section for entry into the site
						

						   13/02/2006 new site plan is being applied slowly as we attempt to better graphically present the information
							 contained within cat breeder. during this change all the pages will work as normal although graphics may change 
							 should you have any suggestions or wish to advertise with us please contact us.
							 all prices quoted are correct at time of going to press. any charities / rescue centres wishing to advertise 
							 or setup paypal donation buttons please contact our web company on 0845 14 000 50 and speak to carl poxon
							 project manager.
						

               11/04/05 new site design plan coming soon. any ideas as to what you would like to see please mail me
		           at info@catbreeder.co.uk. 
            

						   there are now yearly charges for entries - e-mail for further details:- 
							 adverts are available from £20 + vat. please email for further details
						

new kitten entries check out our "find
               a kitten" page



               as most of you will know, although new entries are always being
               included and updates made, i do not always have time to note them on this
               page, so, from today i will just add a " (this or that) page updated" note
               here.
						

						   use any of the cat-egory paws below as your entry point.
						
new! 
               if you have an urgent request for help, click here.



advertise



clubs



find a kitten

letters



breed advisors

kitten advice





international

market place



breeder directory







help wanted


rescues




show dates




stud directory


site news



 


 
site updates











