
      home | merchants & farmers bank
     

homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.✕merchants and farmers mobilemerchants and farmers bankfree - in google playapp storeview view we will be closed, monday, february 17th for presidents day. 
                                  we will reopen for regular business hours on tuesday, february 18th.                                            close alert 
      home | merchants & farmers bank
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government merchants & farmers bank menulogin closepersonal online bankingaccess id: password: enrollforgot password?business online bankingusername password call (870) 382-4311 to enrolllost/damaged token close

personal


checking

savings accounts

cds

iras

card services



business


checking

savings

cds

cash management services

merchant services

card services



loans


personal loans

business loans

agriculture loans

mortgage loans



trust


trust accounts

estate administration

guardianships

agency accounts

self-directed iras

real estate management

qualified retirement plan



digital services

tools


reorder checks

online education videos

security awareness

credit report

financial calculators

school lunch menu





contact us

about us

locations

careers

searchgo search site  
what does your    don't fall victim to a scam! a new qr scam is making it's way around. visit our alerts and information page to stay up to date.  alerts and information     you name the reason…we have the loan!
we have a variety of personal loans designed for you. we want to help you!  personal loans     banking that puts you in control.
check your balance, view statements, pay bills, deposit checks, transfer money among your accounts from your computer, tablet or mobile phone.  
personal online banking
 merchants & farmers bank here to solve your everyday banking challenges
whether you’re looking to make your daily banking easier or for a way to more effectively manage your savings, merchants & farmers bank offers products and services to meet your needs.  solutions built for the way you live and work.
whether you’re looking to make your daily banking easier or for a way to more effectively manage your savings.    credit cards    
equipment loans
    
uchoose rewards
     is your mobile device secure?
we've compiled a list of security tips to help make your mobile devices safer.

mobile phone security    products for everyday banking needs,delivered with our brand of personal service.  
mobile app
mobile banking and mobile deposit all at your fingertips. bank anywhere, anytime from your phone.  
digital services
from sending and receiving money to mobile banking and online bill pay, we have a full digital services to make your life easier.  
credit cards
explore a variety of credit cards including cash back, lower interest rate, travel rewards, cards to build your credit and more. find the credit card that's right for you.  
account finder
merchants & farmers bank offers several checking accounts. this quiz can help you find the account that's right for you.  
business checking
our website lets you bank online with confidence. we utilize state-of-the-art technology to ensure the complete privacy and security of your account information and transactions.  
loans
personal loans are a way to meet financial needs during an emergency. it is an unsecured loan and can be used for marriage expenses, paying the medical bills, going for your dream vacation or renovating your home.  connect with us! 
leave me blank for newsletter.

enter your name enter your email address sign up there was an error submitting the form.we value your privacy and will not spam or sell your email address.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thank you for your submission!
we will be in touch with you soon. top great locations to serve arkansasdumas500 hwy 65 southdumas, ar 71639870.382.4311bryant3512 hwy 5 northbryant, ar 72019501.847.4141benton146 w south stbenton, ar 72015501.443.6533facebookcontact us

mobile privacy notice

privacy policy

terms of use

disclosures

usa patriot act

routing #082903303

 ©  merchants & farmers bank.member fdic. equal housing lender created by bannoread more on our accessibility statement
