

home





 








sign in
sign-up




 




 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close







brandy norwood fan
about brandy
brandy news
contact page
brandy links
misc. information
pictures of brandy 1
pictures of brandy 2
never - say - never
link me
banner exchange
tv guide covers
cover girl
dkny jeans
exclusive pictures
fun stuff

 unimplemented isml tag: type= 








this website is about brandy norwood
this is my first website ever!  i have admired, and loved brandy norwoods work ever since i could remember.  she is a singer, actress, song producer, and spokesperson/model for the make-up company cover girl.  she is a great role model, and inspiration for young women around the world.written by sarah (webmaster)merry christmas!
website updates:

i have not been updating my website due to school work.  but since i'm on christmas vacation for 2weeks, i decided to make some updates!  i have updated nearly the whole section, "pictures of brandy1" with 21 new pictures.  all the new pictures should be labeled (new).  i have also updated the section, "exclusive pictures" with 2 new pictures (both are of brandy with her brother, ray j.)  those pictures are labeled (new) as well.  and i also updated the section, "covergirl" with 2 new pictures.  one picture is the most recent covergirl ad brandy has been in.  and the second is just a picture brandy was in for covergirl.  there will be more additions, and updates to come, but for now, just sit back, and enjoy!please click on the "refresh" button to update the website, and see the latest features.  below are two buttons.  the first one is a button that leads to the website www.zzn.com, and the second button leads to my personal e-mail address that anyone can sign up to.  and guess what?  its *free* once you sign up, you'll have your personal e-mail address that will look like this, user@zzn.com 
website news:  the website has reached the point of more than 2,000 visitors.  thank you to everyone for visiting my website.  keep coming to my website for additions, updates and more!  tell your friends as well by clicking on the recommend-it icon! (below) (2,038 visitors)  
  www.addme.com
fastcounter by bcentral 



brandy norwood poll's
which song on brandy's cd, "never say never" sounds the best?     
12-28-00 

tomorrowone voicethe boy is mine ft.monicaeverything i do (i do it for you)learn the hard waytop of the world ft.ma


current results


 



www.equalitynow.com
the end of rape around the world!

website search engine (enter key word):  
please tell everyone about this website!
if you would tell your friends about this website, then i would get more visitors.  so please pass the news about this website.  i would appreciate it!  i also would like to thank everyone for visiting my website!  click on the recommend-it icon above, and spread the news about my website!  "some of the pictures i have on my website i have gotten from other websites such as brandyway.com.  if i have forgotten to mention your website please contact me, and i'll straighten things out with you.

*i take no credit for the pictures of which i have gotten from other brandy websites."

this is my second e-mail



 
 



send me an e-mail

















