

































































dispatch argus | illinois quad cities | news | read the daily newspaper for the illinois quad cities of moline, east moline and rock island, and davenport and bettendorf, iowa.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















6°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



iowa



business



politics



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



guest/columnists



cartoons



editorials




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



dining



music



movies & tv



games



comics



contests



play



announcements



food & cooking



health & fitness



get healthy



home & garden



fashion & style



pets



special sections


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



coupons



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



qc auto listings



marketplace



shop local



i love a deal



public notice




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

qc autos









6°
sunny
























        
        
            orion high school teacher, venezuelan native could be deported mid-school year

ever since he was a teenager, josé burgos wanted to be a teacher — after fleeing venezuela's authoritarian government, he found that opportunity in illinois. 


















        
        
            33 photos from the first army rock nation weightlifting competition

images from the first army rock nation 500/1,000 pounds club weightlifting competition on thursday, february 13, 2025, at the rock island arsenal. 

















        
        
            new business spotlight: river drive breakfast parlor opens in moline

river drive breakfast parlor opened jan. 24 at 2900 river drive in moline. it ahs the same owners as señor julio's, which was formerly at the location.

















        
        
            editorial: keep humanitarian parole program that brings ukrainians to dewitt

the trump administration’s pause on humanitarian parole programs is threatening immigrants in dewitt who have families, jobs and mortgage payments.

















        
        
            rock island and henry county real estate transactions for feb. 16, 2025

see recent real estate transactions in rock island county and henry county.

















        
        
            expungement clinic to be held next month at tmbc lincoln resource center in davenport

the clinic aims to help with areas such as criminal record expungement and court debt. advanced registration is required.

















        
        
            kathy bates gifts award to bettendorf grad eric christian olsen after he loses house

kathy bates gifted the award to "matlock" producer and bettendorf high school grad eric christian olsen, who lost his l.a. home. "first thing for decor," she said in her speech.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            zeke's new location, a guatemalan restaurant and other business news in the quad-cities


















        
        
            orion high school teacher, venezuelan native could be deported mid-school year


















        
        
            kathy bates gifts award to bettendorf grad eric christian olsen after he loses house















                
                the latest










        
        
            brace for winds and snow in eastern iowa until sunday midday

a weather alert was issued by the national weather service on sunday at 6:53 a.m. for winds and snow until noon the alert is for quad cities area as well as jackson and clinton counties. 












        
        
            birth list for sunday, february 16, 2025

unitypoint health-trinity moline 




















        
        
            update: extreme cold watch affecting eastern iowa tuesday

an updated extreme cold watch was issued by the national weather service on sunday at 8:50 p.m. valid for tuesday between midnight and noon. the watch is for quad cities area as well as buchanan, delaware, dubuque, benton, linn, jones, jackson, iowa, johnson, cedar, clinton and muscatine counties. 




















        
        
            update: cold weather advisory for quad cities area and muscatine county until monday midday

on monday at 2:38 a.m. an updated cold weather advisory was issued by the national weather service in effect until 11 a.m. for quad cities area and muscatine county. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            ap top stories february 17 a




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            canadian flag sales soar amid trump's rhetoric












                
                sports
                
                    










        
        
            qc high school scoreboard: feb. 16

illinois boys basketball 




















        
        
            'divine intervention' helped cedar falls native get into coaching, back to iowa women's hoops

randi henderson never anticipated a future in coaching neither when she left cedar falls high school in 1997 nor when she departed iowa in 2001. it found her another way.




















        
        
            genseo wrestlers start strong in sectionals

geneseo sent seven into the semifinals at the oregon sectional on friday night.




















        
        
            qc high school scoreboard: feb. 15

friday night's high school scoreboard from qc and beyond. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    










sponsored








        
        
            simple ways to be more sustainable in 2025

with the new year in full swing, many are using this time to make new resolutions for the year. whether your goal is to hit the gym more or to try new things – a big one that many are focusing on for 2025 is to be more sustainable.  if you’re hoping to be more […]




















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            finding patterns in chaos: why we look for meaning in trends

contributor content. humanity searches for meaning and patterns in everyday life in various ways.












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.












partner








        
        
            from building glutes to shredding abs: the 4 hottest fitness trends for 2025

get healthy. here are four ways to build resistance, resilience and longevity into an exercise regimen that you’ll love.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            quad cities international airport



                                        2200 69th ave, moline, il 61265
                                    






















        
        
            hungry hobo



                                        4810 elmore ave, davenport, ia 52807
                                    






 website






















        
        
            todd atkinson grain & fertilizer



                                        none, atkinson, il 61235
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















service





        
        
            dennis garrett - ad from 2025-02-14
























finance





        
        
            dutrac community credit union - ad from 2025-02-16







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube









sites & partners


e-edition

deals

homes

jobs

calendar of events

get healthy




services


contact us

become a member

subscription services

submission forms

we are hiring!

sign up for our newsletters

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        moline dispatch & rock island argus, 500 e. 3rd st. davenport, ia 52801
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































