
















del mar, ca - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    government      city services      community      how do i...  


 

 

 

 




 














facebook








twitter








surf cam










 
 
 

 










 





 
 
 











 














agendas& minutes








watchmeetings








municipalcode








visitdel mar










 
 














eventplanning








notify me®








reporta concern








maps& zoning










 
 
 



 














news & announcements
see what’s new in del mar
 






  
 
 
















feb. 21-27: all-night bluff work to cause noise disruptions 


residents from lower 8th to 11th streets can expect loud noise from drilling. at the bottom of 9th street, 24/7 concrete pumping and truck traffic is scheduled.						read on...







update: lanes reopen on via de la valle after water main break 


city of san diego water main failure wednesday reduced busy road to one lane.						read on...







sandag studying five recommendations for rail realignment 


recommendations are tied to a value analysis study report published last week.						read on...







answers to insurance questions on state agency’s website 


recent wildfires have local homeowners asking whether they can find and renew residential policies						read on...







sandag releases final value analysis study report for rail realignment 


release of the 268-page report precedes a series of public presentations.						read on...







feb. 18: rail and fire safety presentations 


presentations from sandag and nctd to address rail realignment value analysis and rail bridge. fire chief and sheriff's captain to discuss wildfire safety.						read on...







council to pursue financing for utility undergrounding 


$17 million, 15-year loan would come from i-bank, a state government lender that finances public and private projects.						read on...







council orders release of communications by councilmember quirk 


council statement reaffirms findings of investigative report that led to quirk's censure.						read on...







removal ordered of unpermitted north beach garden 


non-native vegetation and unpermitted improvements at north beach occupy land controlled by california coastal commission.						read on...







an important public safety message from the city manager and fire chief 


coastal communities like del mar must be prepared when fire conditions are high.						read on...







city contractor is watching for pine tree disease 


residents also should watch out for pine pitch canker, which infects torrey pines and other conifers.						read on...







st. peter's church opens more parking to public 


a total of 53 spaces at the downtown church are now open to the public when they're not needed for events, up from 21.						read on...







donation to pay for powerhouse trellis replacement 


friends of the powerhouse donation will pay for wooden covering above second-story deck.						read on...







council reorganizes as community bids farewell to dave druker 


terry gaasterland is appointed to the mayor’s post, tracy martinez rotates to the deputy mayor’s seat and newly-elected councilmember john spelich takes the oath of office.						read on...







sandag releases comments received during environmental scoping 


agency is analyzing alternatives for the proposed lossan rail realignment project.						read on...







consultant to explore financing options for utility undergrounding districts 


the strategies include a “pay-as-you-go” model, with no financing, and “finance-as-you-go,” which includes strategic financing when needed.						read on...







follow-up meeting addresses military helicopter noise 


local military leaders are developing a guidebook to reinforce rules for rotary aircraft.						read on...







del mar to operate with four-member city council 


on nov. 18, the council was unable to break a 2-2 voting tie on whether to call for a special election or fill the vacancy by appointment.						read on...







powerhouse restrooms reopen 


during the upgrades, visitors are asked to use the facilities a half-block to the north at the beach safety center.						read on...







preventative treatment for torreys 


a contractor is treating 250 city-owned torrey pine trees to protect them against invasive bark beetles.						read on...







intern earns “ocean hero” accolade for del mar 


application prepared by torrey pines high school senior charlotte sach secures certification as a blue city.						read on...







does something need our attention? go online to report a concern 


for timely service the webpage includes digital forms to enter details and attach images.						read on...







sandag's next steps on lossan rail realignment 


avalue analysis study is expected to be completed by the end of this year.						read on...







del mar adopts joint resolution on rail realignment 


solana beach and the del mar fairgrounds also have adopted the joint resolution.						read on...







council adopts short term rental ordinance 


existing operators must register by dec. 31, 2024.						read on...







councilmember worden announces he will resign sept. 24 


worden has served del mar in various roles since 1977.						read on...







city council introduces objective design standards ordinance 


the measurable and verifiable criteria that would apply to “by-right” multi-unit housing development projects for which state law overrides local design review.						read on...







haul increases for 2024 fuel reduction program 


edco runs the brush collection program in cooperation with del mar's fire and public works departments.						read on...







planning commission advances short term rental regulations 


introduction of an ordinance to the city council is scheduled for sept. 23.						read on...







final approvals secured for streamlined sand replenishment 


the sand compatibility opportunistic use program, or scoup, enables del mar to readily-accept beach-quality material from infrastructure or development projects and from dredging of the san dieguito lagoon inlet.						read on...







council approves realignment response 


the 10-page letter reflects input from the public and councilmembers on where sandag’s notice of preparation is perceived to be deficient.						read on...







sheriff's captain greets city council 


capt. shane watts says: “my commitment to community engagement is what i put first.”						read on...







del mar responds to brush fire in torrey pines state reserve extension 


no injuries or structure loss were reported in 19-acre blaze that draws multi-agency response.						read on...







council discusses rail realignment; sandag hosts scoping meeting 


environmental document examines three alignments for rerouting the railway off of the del mar bluffs by 2035.						read on...







20th street driveway improvements begin 


driveway to remain open to beachgoers as it is paved to nearly double in width. project includes landscaping and irrigation.						read on...







sheriff's captain greets city council 


capt. shane watts says he looks forward to serving del mar.						read on...







measures for short term rental tax and increased council pay headed to nov. 5 ballot 


registered voters in the city of del mar to decide upon two municipal ballot measures.						read on...







how del mar is tracking sandag’s rail realignment project 


staying engaged is a top priority. here's what we're doing and how you can participate.						read on...







neighbors vote to approve assessment district 


san dieguito drive neighbors to pay for a share of the estimated $1.3 million san dieguito drive improvement project.						read on...







a busy calendar of summer events 


be prepared for big crowds and busy streets, beaches and parks.						read on...







mark rathsam celebrated for 30 years' of service 


longtime lifeguard loves where he works.						read on...







plan presented for living levees 


conceptual plan shows how living levees could protect against the san dieguito river overflowing its banks, as projected in long-term modeling tied to global climate change.						read on...







swimmer released from hospital after june 2 shark incident 


the 46-year-old male victim is recovering at home with injuries to his torso, left arm and hand.						read on...







girl scouts build succulent kiosk as gift to del mar 


bronze award project is designed for residents to take a clipping and share a clipping to promote good health and happiness.						read on...







council reaches consensus on short term rental regulations 


city council is expected to introduce regulatory ordinance in october.						read on...







sandag seawall construction continues with railway night work coming soon 


sandag's three-year del mar bluffs stabilization 5 program includes six new seawalls.						read on...







council reviews aesthetic treatments for bridge replacement 


a three-year construction project to replace the aging camino del mar bridge over the san dieguito river is expected to begin in december 2026.						read on...







tot lot wins project of the year award 


local chapter of the american public works association will present an award to city officials in july.						read on...







del mar and military leaders meet on aircraft flyovers 


marines and navy are developing guidebook and virtual navigation points to assist rotary aircraft pilots.						read on...







council approves next steps to form san dieguito drive improvement district 


some property owners on san dieguito drive and oribia road can expect to receive ballots shortly asking whether they should assess themselves to pay for a share of planned road improvements.						read on...







del mar city council censures dan quirk 


mayor dave druker issues statement on behalf of the del mar city council.						read on...







sandag sets stage for bluff stabilization project 


project begins in april with seawall construction at 11th street.						read on...







council approves required zoning amendments 


amendments allow for limited residential development in commercial and public facilities zones.						read on...







council approves flashing lights for stop signs 


flashing signs on the median at 13th and 11th streets will match the existing flashing sign in place at 22nd street.						read on...







feedback is positive at objective design standards workshop 


del mar is establishing measurable and verifiable criteria to apply to development projects where state law overrides local design review.						read on...







fire chief summarizes data for 2023 


chief josh gordon reports that response times are excellent.						read on...







participation in city meetings will be in-person only until equipment repairs are completed 


in person and written participation is encouraged.						read on...







water, wastewater, pavement and storm drain project begins 


the $1.66 million project includes 32 tasks across del mar.						read on...







sandag presents on rail realignment 


the lossan rail realignment project envisions routing the railway off of the bluffs by 2035 to an inland location which has yet to be determined.						read on...







del mar could benefit from sand replenishment projects to the north 


as soon as may, beaches to the south are likely to receive sand that washes naturally from the newly-replenished beaches to the north.						read on...







city continues to treat canary island date palms for pest 


some 43 of the city-owned trees on coast boulevard and elsewhere have shown signs of infestation by the south american palm weevil.						read on...







sheriff's captain reports on crime rates 


overall from 2022 to 2023, arrests fell from 87 to 71 and calls for service decreased from 1,676 to 1,607.						read on...







region receives $53.9m to replace railway bridge 


plans to replace the san dieguito river railway bridge include double-tracking and construction of a passenger platform to serve the del mar fairgrounds.						read on...







council responds to draft short-term rental framework 


council agrees that del mar should allow existing short-term rentals to continue operating.						read on...







maps tell the story of city parks and paths 


story maps include text and photos.						read on...







technical problems cause continuance of planning commission meeting to feb. 21 


the commission was set to recommend whether the city council should approve amendments to allow for housing in the central commercial and public facilities zones.						read on...







city is celebrated for financial reporting 


the government finance officers association's award is the highest recognition in governmental accounting and financial reporting.						read on...







staff spotlight: for finance manager, numbers are lifelong fascination 


monica molina traces her affinity for numbers to her childhood home in el monte.						read on...







council introduces adu ordinances 


policies are designed to regulate development  and create 15 low-income adus by 2029.						read on...







council approves tenth "guiding principle" for rail realignment 


the additional statement reflects input from the del mar fairgrounds.						read on...







for 26-year planner, job satisfaction comes with helping people 


in 1998, matt bator started at city hall as an intern.						read on...







free weekend and holiday parking in downtown del mar 


to welcome the holiday season, parking in downtown del mar is our treat during weekends and holidays.						read on...







sandag hosts rail realignment workshop and launches weekly office hours 


the transportation planning agency is investigating tunnel alignments beneath del mar as alternatives the existing railway on the bluffs.						read on...







report tracks progress of wetlands restoration 


uc santa barbara scientists are monitoring conditions following completion of a $100 million project in 2011.						read on...







council advances undergrounding program 


construction of stratford court north district is expected to begin early 2026.						read on...







council reaffirms local climate emergency declaration 


declaration warns of "drought, extreme heat, wildfires, species stress, dying torrey pines, shrinking kelp forest and coastal erosion, sea level rise, and flooding."						read on...







council delays action on adus 


the draft ordinances are expected to return to the city council dec. 4.						read on...







for fire department veteran, it’s all about the team 


fire engineer rob tucker has worked in del mar since 1999.						read on...







council approves framework for short-term rental regulations 


draft ordinance is expected to come before the planning commission and city council early 2024.						read on...







city of del mar and winston school statement on settlement 


after many months of negotiations the parties have reached agreement.						read on...







oct. 16: adu ordinances on city council agenda 


policies seek to create at least 15 low-income adus by 2029.						read on...







statement on investigation of councilmember conduct 


allegations include public disclosure of confidential closed session information and potential violation of city code, policies and contractual obligations.						read on...







city launches short-term rental registry 


any owner of a short-term rental operating within the past 10 years is encouraged to register.						read on...







council reviews riverpath plans, authorizes grant applications 


the half-mile-long trail would extend the existing riverpath eastward from grand avenue overlook to crest canyon.						read on...







sandag posts train tunnel report 


sandag is hosting rail realignment workshop 6 p.m. oct. 4 at the del mar civic center town hall.						read on...







planning commission advances adu policies 


recommendations will be folded into draft ordinances for the city council's consideration oct. 16.						read on...







public works veteran is certified playground safety inspector 


alex panduro: "it's important to have a good playground."						read on...







council advances planning for san dieguito drive 


improvements would conform with public standards needed to bring the road segment into del mar's streets and roadways system.						read on...







sandag hosts rail realignment workshop 


the lossan rail realignment project envisions a tunnel beneath del mar.						read on...







hilary soaks del mar but causes little damage 


on average, coastal cities receive two inches of rain.						read on...







fuel reduction program nets 10.6 tons of yard waste 


del mar runs the annual program with edco to promote fire safety.						read on...







staff spotlight: longtime lifeguard is a tip-top teacher 


sgt. scott henson masterminds the rookie training academy and popular junior lifeguard programs.						read on...







security recommendations follow report of mail theft 


if you see suspicious activity or believe your mail has been stolen, report it immediately.						read on...







del mar officials and miramar base commander discuss helicopter noise 


san diego county has some of the busiest skies in the nation because of its many general aviation airports and military airfields.						read on...







council approves guiding principles for short-term rentals 


public participation is encouraged during next round of meetings in september.						read on...







residents asked to weigh in on adus 


input to inform decisions on programs designed to create 15 low-income accessory dwelling units by 2029.						read on...







planning commission advances ordinance on manufactured homes 


to comply with state law, del mar must adopt a number of housing ordinances before the new year.						read on...







council adopts sb 9 implementation ordinance 


senate bill 9 provides for multiple units and lot splits on property zoned for a single dwelling — all without a public hearing.						read on...







council reviews data and process for short-term rentals 


setting policies and regulations for short-term rentals is a city council priority for 2023-24.						read on...







solid waste collection rates to increase july 1 


the annual adjustment reflects increases to the consumer price index.						read on...







two-year budget increases funding for streets 


the budget restores programs that had been placed on hold or reduced during the pandemic.						read on...







city statement regarding surface transportation board decision 


federal agency finds that issues related to nctd’s proposed fencing project should be addressed by the state courts.						read on...







researcher discusses bluff erosion 


presentation by dr. adam young covers scripps coastal mapping and erosion research.						read on...







state awards $100m for san dieguito rail project 


work plan includes new bridge, double-tracking and special events platform at fairgrounds.						read on...







summer prep in full swing 


city staff prepares to welcome more than 3 million people who are expected to visit beaches and parks.						read on...







council weighs in on sandag plans for pedestrian access 


coastal commission is requiring the improvements as mitigation for sandag's planned del mar bluffs stabilization project 5.						read on...







federal rail official takes up-close look at del mar bluffs 


federal railroad administration administrator amit bose says "robust funding" is available for rail projects.						read on...







del mar launches online permitting portal 


the etrakit tool allows users to apply for building permits, pay fees, upload plans and monitor the status of permits and projects in real time.						read on...







san dieguito drive reopens after repairs 


emergency construction began within hours after partial road failure on march 15.						read on...







reminder: don't store vehicles on city streets 


county and state codes allow for citations after 72 hours.						read on...







city council receives upbeat financial report, approves transfers 


council directs $1.3m to various reserve funds.						read on...







council approves tree replanting with help from del mar foundation 


the del mar foundation is planting 40 trees to celebrate its 40th anniversary.						read on...







rail, housing, undergrounding identified as top priorities 


a city council goal-setting workshop on feb. 13 initiated planning for a two-year budget for the 2023-24 and 2024-25 fiscal years.						read on...







pole removal marks milestone for utility undergrounding project 


work on tewa court and 10th street was the first in a city-wide program to bury overhead utility lines.						read on...







beware of crimes of convenience and opportunity 


sheriff's lieutenant says to lock up and install alarms and cameras.						read on...







big surf slams beachfront 


high surf and tides are predicted throughout january.						read on...







view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 


































sandag & nctd rail projects
a one-stop information repository for realignment, bluff stabilization and other projects along the railway.









committee & commission vacancies 
we need you! volunteers on advisory committees play an important role in shaping city programs. 









operating hours & remote services
del mar offers options for in-person and remote services.









del mar weekly
subscribe to our electronic newsletter to stay up to date on news and information from the city of del mar.





















						1
						coaster train on bluff in del mar




						2
						photo of del mar town hall




						3
						photo of del mar civic center courtyard




						4
						sign up for the del mar weekly newsletter








  
 





 meetings
 events




 meetings









calendar





february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1










mon, feb. 17  

holiday - city hall closed 



tue, feb. 18  

city council meeting



wed, feb. 19  

lagoon committee meeting






view all




/calendar.aspx





 events










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1







there are no published events in current month.


view all




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 













 



  
 


  
 



   
 
 



  
 







contact us







city of del mar1050 camino del mardel mar, ca 92014city hall: 858-755-9313public works: 858-755-3294after-hours emergency:  858-756-1126
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







del mar weekly



employment opportunities



operating hours & remote services



parking information



pay utility bill



public map viewer









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







helpful links







accessibility



contact us



copyright notices



photo credit



site map









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 





government websites by civicplus®


 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close

















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









