

global internet liberty campaign home page







https://pt.watchesbuy.to/ became a market share of one of the famous brand watches. luxury and fashion come with cartierreplica.ru gently. 

global
         


internet




liberty



campaign
 
         
         


news



gilc
                  actions 




presswire 




gilc
                  events




 
         
         


subscribe to 




the
gilc
                  alert




 
         
         issues



 free
                  speech 




 privacy 




 cryptography





 access




 
about
         gilc



 principles




 members 




 mail
                  gilc 






 
         
         home
         page
us
         site
european
         mirror



  latest 
        news 
         (may 5, 2003)

new gilc member: hrea. the global internet
  liberty campaign recently added a new member: human
  rights education associates (hrea). aside from running the "huridocs-tech" listserv on the use
  of information and communication technology for human rights work since 1998
  (currently a little over 800 subscribers from 90 or so countries), hrea has
  been promoting debate and training around human rights and the internet. the
  organization offers a broad range of distance learning courses via the internet
  for human rights advocates, including two annual courses on using the internet
  for human rights work (both introductory and advanced). currently, hrea is
  assisting huridocs in implementing a search engine dedicated to human rights
  information (hurisearch) and the martus project in providing training in their
  encrypted database software for human rights organizations.
2003 uk big brother awards announced. on march 25, 2003, privacy international (a gilc member organization) announced the winners of the 5th annual uk "big brother" awards to the government and private sector organisations that have done the most to invade personal privacy in britain. 
four "big brother" awards were presented to the individuals, organizations, and departments which have done most to invade personal privacy. a "lifetime menace" award was given to an invader with a long history of attacking privacy. a new award: "dog poo on a stick" was also given.
"winston" awards were also given to individuals and organisations which have made an outstanding contribution to the protection of privacy, as well as to people who have been victims of privacy invasion.

gilc welcomes new member: statewatch.
		founded in 1991, statewatch encourages the publication of investigative
journalism and critical research in the fields of the state, civil liberties
and openness in europe. it has received numerous awards for its efforts to gain public
access to european government documents, including papers regarding
telecommunications surveillance initiatives. statewatch is a non-profit
volunteer group comprised of lawyers, academics, journalists, researchers
and community activists; its european network of contributors is spread
across 12 countries.
gilc welcomes new members: effi and ael. 
          the global internet liberty campaign recently added two new members: 
          electronic frontier finland 
          and association electronique 
          libre (belgium). effi has made numerous efforts to protect computer 
          users' civil liberties; among other things, the group organized the 
          finnish big 
          brother awards to spotlight some of the country's greatest threats 
          to individual privacy. ael is dedicated to promoting fundamental rights 
          in the information society and cyberspace; towards that end, it has 
          campaigned heavily against various government data retention proposals. 
        
gilc welcomes new member: rsf. 
          the global internet liberty campaign has welcomed a new member into 
          the fold: reporters sans 
          frontières. founded in 1985, rsf has worked intensively over 
          the past several years to defend press freedom throughout the world, 
          including online journalism. they have launched several projects to 
          document attacks on the press, including "enemies of the internet," 
          which contains country-by-country descriptions of how governments in 
          many parts of the world have tried to limit free speech along the information 
          superhighway. in addition, rsf has fought against censorship of journalists 
          through such methods as sending protest letters, systematically reproducing 
          censored articles, and hosting banned newspapers.
gilc welcomes new member: stop1984. 
          the global internet liberty campaign has added a new member: stop1984. 
          this germany-based group is dedicated to supporting "informational 
          self determination, data protection and freedom of speech." towards 
          that end, it has engaged in web-based initiatives to increase public 
          awareness of various cyberliberties issues. in one such campaign, stop1984 
          garnered over 16,000 signatures for an open letter protesting the european 
          union's approval of a controversial data retention directive.
socialist mep comments on gilc letter. 
          in a letter addressed 
          to all gilc members, mrs. elena paciotti, shadow rapporteur of the party 
          of european socialists ("pes"), answered to the open 
          letter that gilc sent on may 22 to all european parliament members 
          and other important officials of the european commission, the council 
          of the european union and the european union council of ministers. her 
          letter explains why her party endorsed the council's position in favor 
          of data retention. the pes recently rallied the center-right european 
          people's party ("epp") to back up the council and eu member states' 
          governments' pro-data retention stance. gilc, 
          iris, cyber-rights 
          & cyber-liberties and statewatch 
          have issued responses to the comments.
coalition asks european parliament to vote 
          against data retention. in an open 
          letter sent to all members of the european parliament, 40 civil 
          liberties organizations from 15 countries strongly recommended that 
          members vote against general data retention of communications by law 
          enforcement authorities. the vote, scheduled for may 29 in brussels, 
          is critical, as it constitutes the major step before the final adoption 
          of the new eu telecommunications directive. it may have serious consequences 
          on the manner in which data retention is currently regulated in the 
          united states and other countries around the world. over 16,000 individual 
          endorsements were also received. view a gilc press 
          release.
gilc welcomes new member: tea (hungary). 
          technika az emberert alapitvány (tea), or "technology for 
          people foundation," is a hungarian group that successfully organized 
          the first annual hungarian 
          big brother awards last november. tea also publishes a weekly privacy 
          newsletter, "privacy hírlevél," to inform the 
          hungarian people about privacy issues. see their home 
          page for a summary of the group's other activities.
ngos request release of cybercrime protocols. 
          on february 6, several gilc members and related non-governmental organizations 
          from council of europe member and observer nations sent a letter 
          (also available in french 
          and spanish) 
          to council of europe secretary-general walter schwimmer. the letter 
          requests that the coe release the draft protocol on "racism and 
          xenophobia," which is currently under discussion to be considered 
          in connection with the council of europe cybercrime 
          treaty. update: the draft protocol and other documents are now available 
          through the coe 
          website. a french listing of documents is available here. 
          also, on february 28, ngos sent a letter 
          (also in french 
          and german) 
          to schwimmer requesting the release of a second draft protocol and preliminary 
          meeting documents.
denmark holds first big brother awards. 
          on january 21, the first danish 
          big brother awards were awarded 
          in a ceremony at the danish parliament in christiansborg. next week, 
          the second french big 
          brother awards will take place in paris. a list of nominees (in 
          french) is available at http://www.bigbrotherawards.eu.org/2001/nomines/nomines.html. 
          the netherlands will hold their awards in february, the united kingdom 
          in march, and the united states big brother awards will be held at cfp2002 
          in april. see http://www.bigbrotherawards.org/ 
          for an overview.
gilc welcomes new member: fipr. 
          based in london, the foundation 
          for information policy research (fipr) promotes public understanding 
          and dialogue between technologists and policy-makers in the uk and europe. 
          it has fought strenuously against several surveillance initiatives over 
          the past few years, including the controversial british regulation of 
          investigatory powers act (rip). it has also issued numerous policy papers 
          and analyses on such topics as digital signatures, secure e-commerce 
          and computer encryption laws. fipr was honored at the uk 
          big brother awards 2000 for its outstanding contributions to the 
          protection of privacy.
australian internet censorship bill stalls. 
          although new internet censorship laws under consideration by new south 
          wales (nsw) parliament in australia cleared both houses of parliament, 
          the proposal has not passed into law. nsw attorney general bob debus 
          referred the legislation to a committee for review yesterday after writing 
          a letter 
          illustrating his decision that the legislation needed further consideration. 
          the decision was made largely due to the large number of concerned citizens 
          and groups that contacted debus. electronic frontiers australia had 
          warned on november 17 that the laws, which would criminalize internet 
          material unsuitable for children, were too restrictive, and suggested 
          that the bill be suspended pending the addressing of its full ramifications. 
          see efa's comprehensive reference source on the nsw bill, including 
          links to the bill and a detailed analysis, here. 
          the standing committee on social issues has been asked to report on 
          the legislation by june 2002.
international coalition urges eu to safeguard 
          privacy. on november 12, an international coalition of consumer 
          and privacy organizations wrote a letter (available in both english 
          and french) 
          to guy verhofstadt, president of the european union council of ministers, 
          expressing their concerns about president bush's recent letter requesting 
          that the proposed eu directive on the protection of privacy in the electronic 
          communications sector be altered to allow for data retention of telephone 
          calls and internet messages. eu lawmakers voted on the issue the next 
          day, and chose not to act on president bush's requests. more information 
          on the vote is available here 
          (in french. choose strasbourg, "november 13"), and new york times coverage 
          of the issue is available here.
council of europe approves cyber-crime convention. 
          on november 8, the council of europe approved the 
          convention on cyber-crime, an international treaty designed to harmonize 
          laws against crimes committed via the internet. the convention was drafted 
          as an attempt to set some level of legal and ethical standards for online 
          activity. the treaty will go into effect when five countries have ratified 
          it. the convention will be open for signature at an international conference 
          on cyber-crime in budapest on november 23rd. for more information, see 
          brian krebs, "council 
          of europe adopts global cyber-crime treaty," newsbytes, 
          nov. 8, 2001.

civil society meeting at icann. 
          on november 13, the internet 
          democracy project will host a special civil 
          society meeting in los angeles, ca. this coincides with the weeklong 
          meetings of 
          the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers (icann). topics 
          to be discussed include the future of .org, recent events concerning 
          civil liberties in cyberspace (with a special focus on privacy issues), 
          a dialog with icann at-large directors, network privatization, and a 
          roundtable on icann at-large membership. no pre-registration is required 
          for this meeting, and attendance is free.
web restrictions for singapore election. 
          in light of the upcoming snap elections on november 3, singapore's electoral 
          office warned political parties to follow strict web-posting rules. 
          for example, non-party political websites registered with the industry 
          regulator, the singapore broadcast authority, cannot post items that 
          constitute campaigning for any political party or candidate. breaches 
          of the law carry a fines and the possibility of a year in jail. see 
          gag 
          on web for elections, australian it, october 30, 2001. 
cyberliberties groups lobby
            for privacy protection. seven cyberliberties
            groups have issued a joint letter
            urging the european council "to refrain from new and
            extended communications interception and lawful access
            powers for police forces and intelligences services." the
            organizations also urged leaders not to implement
            legislation mandating that internet and telecommunication
            service providers retain traffic data for law enforcement
            purposes. gilc members participating in this effort
            include bits of freedom, digital rights (denmark),
            quintessenz, fitug, the chaos computer club, and privacy
            international. civil society groups in several other
            countries, including france, have issued similar letters.
            
            
        fitug urges political leaders to defend freedom. 
          in wake of the recent terrorist attacks on the united states, förderverein 
          informationstechnik und gesellschaft (fitug) , a gilc member, has released 
          a statement 
          urging the leaders of all open societies to protect the freedoms enjoyed 
          by their citizens, as well as a similar statement dealing specifically 
          with recommendations 
          for cryptography policy (also available in pdf). 
        european parliament rejects
            data retention requirement. the european
            parliament rejected an eu directive that would have
            allowed irish and member-state law enforcement agencies
            to retain personal communications information. the
            decision was called "a victory for the protection of
            civil liberties and the right to privacy." had the
            directive passed, law enforcement agencies would have
            been able to access private email and website addresses;
            the location of internet newsgroups accessed, and the
            times and duration of land and mobile phone calls. see
            parliament
            rejects use of personal communications, irish
            times, september 7, 2001.
            
            
        court forces new round in dvd weblinks case. 
          matthew pavlovich, one of the defendants in a high profile copyright 
          case centering around decss (a computer program that unscrambles the 
          copy protection scheme used in dvds) had posted decss on a dvd player 
          development mailing list that he operated. he has now suffered a serious 
          court setback: after the initial lawsuit was filed, a court ruled that 
          pavlovich can be forced to answer charges in california, largely because 
          "california is commonly known as the center of the motion picture industry" 
          and that he somehow should have known that posting decss was "injuriously 
          affecting the motion picture and computer industries in california." 
          see the text 
          of the ruling and an eff 
          press release on the ruling. 
        russian hacker
            indicted. dmitry sklyarov, who helped create
            software that permits adobe ebook owners to translate
            from adobe's secure ebook format into portable document
            format (pdf), has been indicted on five counts of
            trafficking and conspiracy to traffic in a copyright
            circumvention device. sklyarov faces over $2 million usd
            in fines and up to 25 years in jail. see freesklyarov.org
            and eff.org
            for details.
            
        protest excessive copyright
            protection. the free trade area of the
            americas (ftaa) nation-signatories are negotiating
            language for an international treaty
            between 34 countries in the western hemisphere, including
            the u.s., that would make nations pass anti-circumvention
            provisions similar to the digital millennium copyright
            act (dmca), except it would grant even greater control to
            publishers. to express disapproval and work to correct
            this trend in copyright law, contact the u.s. trade
            representative (or your country's representative) and
            urge the removal of the anti-circumvention measures from
            incorporation into the final ftaa treaty. comments, to be
            received by the ftaa organization by august 20, should be
            submitted to:
            
        gloria blue, executive secretary, trade policy staff
            committee
            attn: ftaa draft text release
            office of the u.s. trade representative
            1724 f. st., nw, fifth floor
            washington dc 20508 usa
            
        non-us writers should also send a copy to their own
            country's intellectual property government officials. a
            list is available at http://www.sice.oas.org/int_prop/ip_dir.asp.
            
        opposition to south african
            internet censorship bill. privacy
            international has submitted comments
            to the south african parliament in opposition to the
            internet censorship and monitoring act. the bill would
            allow for increased surveillance to protect national
            security, monitoring of web browsing without a court
            order, and requires communications technologies to be
            wiretap-capable.
            
        fight online censorship in
            korea. recent changes to korean law will
            result in mandatory internet content rating and
            restrictions on online organizing. help support
            the efforts of korean activists.
            
        coalition releases statement
            against stealth blocking. the
            global internet liberty campaign (gilc) and
            the internet
            free expression alliance (ifea) have released a
            statement
            opposing stealth blocking. stealth blocking is the
            practice of some internet service providers (isps) to
            block internet access to particular hosts without the
            knowledge of end users.
            
        study identifies enemies of
            the internet. reporters
            sans frontiers and transfert.net
            have released "enemies
            of the internet: obstacles to the free flow of
            information on the internet" [fr],
            a report examining threats to freedom on the internet.
            the study looks at fifty-nine democractic and
            non-democratic countries and possible threats to
            cyber-liberties.
            
        public voice releases report
            on digital divide. the
            public voice, a project of epic
            that facilitates public participation in the development
            of internet policy, has submitted a report to the
            digital
            opportunities task force - a g-8 digital divide
            initiative. "the
            public voice and the digital divide: a report to the dot
            force" (pdf)
            assembles comments and proposals from the public and
            urges the g-8 to incorporate more public participation in
            future consultations.
            
        journalism group releases
            report on free speech in china. the committee
            to protect journalists has published a report
            on the state of free speech in china. entitled the "great
            firewall", the study examines the impact of the internet
            on the future of free speech and access to information.
            
        gilc members maintain
            opposition to cyber-crime treaty. responding
            to the latest version of the council of europe's
            convention on cyber-crime, twenty-one gilc member
            organizations have drafted a new
            letter arguing that the treaty's current provisions
            will continue to violate the rights of internet users.
            the letter from the groups also points out the lack of
            public input in the drafting process.
            
        gilc members release letter
            opposing cyber-crime convention. twenty-eight
            gilc member organizations from around the world have
            urged the council of europe to reject the current version
            of its convention on cyber-crime. the letter
            from the organizations states that provisions of the
            treaty runs contrary to internationally accepted human
            rights norms and would infringe on the free speech and
            privacy rights of all internet users.
            
        declaration of internet
            actors. several gilc member organizations have
            joined french organizations in opposing the liberty of
            communication act pending in the french parliament. the
            bill would have a detrimental impact on the free speech
            and privacy of internet users. see the statement
            and background materials produced by imaginons
            un réseau internet solidaire (iris).
            
        g-8 cyber-crime meeting ends
            without significant progress. the group of 8
            (g-8), the eight largest economies in the world, met in
            paris to discuss a possible resolution on cyber-crime.
            industry and governments agreed to cooperate more to
            fight cybercrime. controversial suggestions to mandate
            that isps gather and keep more information about users
            were opposed. see privacy international's new cyber-crime
            page for more information.
            
        new report on internet
            access in central and eastern europe.
            "bridging the digital divide: internet access in central
            & eastern europe" has been released in updated and
            expanded version. the report,
            while offering a snapshot of the state of the net in a
            single region, addresses one of the most fundamental
            internet policy issues worldwide -- the challenge of
            affordable access -- and includes a discussion of the
            universal service principle and policies that promote
            wider internet access.
            
        gilc releases statement
            opposing dvd suit. twenty-three gilc member
            organizations have signed onto a statement
            opposing the dvd copy control association's (cca) suit
            against people who have posted information about the dvd
            content scrambling system (css). the suit claims to
            protect trade secrets surrounding dvd css, but the letter
            points out that the controversial decss software is legal
            reverse-engineering needed to provide interoperability of
            dvds on different computer systems. the statement also
            explains that decss does not enable the practical
            duplication dvds and that dvds can already be copied
            through other available means.
            
        public interest policy forum
            releases internet recommendations. two years
            in a row, representatives from a number of "groups,
            associations, and trade unions" have met in paris under
            iris
            to discuss policies that would create and preserve an
            "internet that promotes non-commercial interests and
            solidarity." the final motion passed by the second forum,
            which took place on november 27, 1999, approved the
            document "85
            recommendations for a democratic internet in the year
            2000." this document should interest people around
            the world who are concerned with access to information
            for all, even though a few of the statements touch on
            particular french laws. supplementary
            statements are available in french.
            
        epic sues for nsa
            interception documents. on december 3, epic
            asked a federal court to order the release of
            controversial documents concerning potential government
            surveillance of american citizens. epic's lawsuit
            (pdf) seeks the public disclosure of internal national
            security agency (nsa) documents discussing the legality
            of the agency's intelligence activities. see the
            press
            release for more details, and epic's former
            secrets page for examples of other government
            documents obtained under the freedom of information act.
            
        no licensing of isps in
            bulgaria. on november 18, the bulgarian
            government announced that it would not require internet
            services providers (isps) to obtain licenses. by avoiding
            a governmental role in internet access, bulgaria managed
            to avoid a potential obstacle in the availability of
            online information. for more information, see the
            internet society
            (isoc) bulgaria.
            
        website on echelon launched.
            echelon
            watch, a new website
            administered by the american
            civil liberties union
            (aclu) along with the omega foundation and the
            electronic
            privacy information center (epic),
            provides news and materials on project echelon. echelon
            is a worldwide surveillance system run by the u.s.
            national security agency (nsa) with the cooperation of
            intelligence agencies in the uk, canada, australia and
            new zealand. while the existence of echelon has remained
            largely unknown to the general public, recent proceedings
            by the european parliament and an upcoming hearing in the
            u.s. congress will shed light on the scope of the
            project.
 
for other current news
            stories, see the gilc
      presswire
for other gilc actions, see
         the gilc
         activities page






