


loving god holy























    
	loving god holy
	
  








wednesday, may 10, 2006



	 
	 to comment, go to my new site
	 
    


"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life." john 3:16i have shut down the comment section due to the fact that perverts find it hilarious to put comments on my comments. i do not appreciate nor approve of this practice. please understand. you must come to my new site to comment. this way, i can delete the perverts right away without any extra work. thank you.



posted by rosemary welch @ 5/10/2006 07:42:00 am  
    	
 





saturday, april 29, 2006




please use the link i have provided, because i only come back here to delete commercials. for you who leave commercials, please don't. they will be deleted.i am at loving god holy. i hope to see you there. thank you, and have a blessed day.



posted by rosemary welch @ 4/29/2006 01:21:00 pm  
    	
 





friday, april 28, 2006



	 
	 i have moved
	 
    


"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life." john 3:16i am no longer at this site. i have moved successfully over to loving god holy. please visit me there. thank you, and god be with you.



posted by rosemary welch @ 4/28/2006 06:57:00 pm  
    	
 





friday, april 21, 2006



	 
	 justic carr says ten commandments can stay
	 
    


"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life." john 3:16it has always been somewhat disturbing to me that the only way we can have the 10 commandments is if they mean nothing. why bother? well, anyway...last june, the scotus (supreme court of the us) declared that the motives for having the 10 commandments would determine whether or not they could remain. the supreme court in june allowed a 6-foot granite monument to remain at the texas capitol. justices said ten commandments exhibits would be upheld if their main purpose was to honor the nation's legal, rather than religious, traditions, and if they didn't promote one religious sect over another.(i am so glad sandra o'connor is gone.) this is a very confusing message. in toledo, ohio, there was a federal case to bring down a 50 year old monument of the ten commandments given by the fraternal order of the eagles as part of an effort to combat juvenile delinquency. u.s. district judge james carr said tuesday [april 18, 2006] that the monument can stay because the motives for placing it outside the lucas county courthouse were secular and not an endorsement of a specific belief.motives??? are you going to tell me that our constitution is not valid because at the time of its signing, many had the abolishion of slavery as a motive? what do you mean motives? are we not allowed in this free society? why bother having any commandments if they mean nothing at all? please forgive my outburst. i was going to write another victory article for the church but as you can see, this is no victory at all. not if you have to exclude god. no, i want no part of that freedom.



posted by rosemary welch @ 4/21/2006 03:20:00 am  
    	
 





thursday, april 20, 2006



	 
	 i will be moving
	 
    


"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life." john 3:16good morning. i have decided to move, but i am keeping the name, 'loving god holy.' i am going to keep this site open so the people who would like to visit me may do so.my name is rosemary. i have been trying to do this anonymously, but i felt as if i was not being sincere somehow. i have nothing to hide. i just wanted you to concentrate more on god than on me.i am moving because i got into a little bit of a problem. ya see, i have a homepage but in order to get to it, i have to login at a different place. it caused many difficulties, because i have several sites, and i manage a few. this is why i decided to write the bible in the first place! lol. i am sincerely grateful for all the comments, helpful hints, and encouragement i have received from everyone. may god bless you all, and i look forward to see you over at the other site.



posted by rosemary welch @ 4/20/2006 04:22:00 am  
    	
 





sunday, april 16, 2006




	 he is risen! hallelujah!
	 



"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16
i have not really done this before, so please bear with me. if you are of a different religion, please do not insult mine by leaving a rude comment.tomorrow is easter. the holiest day of my year. my lord jesus christ has risen from the grips of death. "where, o death, is your victory?
where, o death, is your sting?"
1 corinthians 15:55jesus has conquered even death. my lord and my saviour lives even til this day, and you may know him as well.i understand some people do not want to believe. they are weak minded and scared. that is quite alright. i understand this dilemna. curiousity v. desire. curiousity killed the cat, as the saying goes, and desire killed the man. hmm.cats are beautiful creatures, but they lack the ability to reason. humans are a whole different ball of wax! i was refering to samson. when delilah found his weakness as samson had revealed it, she used it against him to enslave him. his desire for her got in the way of his curiousity.enough of that. i just want to say that jesus loves you. no matter what you've done, where you've been, how many times you stumble and fall, he is with you. no matter whether you can feel him or not. he is with you. no matter if you believe in him or not, he is with you.may god bless you this easter day, and may your relationship became born anew. may your life be filled with his peace, his love, his mercy, and his justice. happy easter.hat tip for the picture: e-mail from mike at one year bible blog. also, there are very good reads over at bible.org. bob has written this one for today entitled, "the significance of the resurrection. j. hampton keathley, iii, th.m has written, "the resurrection of jesus christ." if you go to the homepage, you will find many more. happy easter!



posted by rosemary welch @ 4/16/2006 07:42:00 am  
    	
 





wednesday, april 12, 2006




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."john 3:16mr. paul m. kingery, phd, mph is my 1000th visitor. i would like to say, "thank you." i would also like to say, "thank you" to all my friends and new friends who have taken the time to stop by. i appeciate all of you. i have a special heart for pebblepie. i pray you are well. i pray you are all well. :)



posted by rosemary welch @ 4/12/2006 03:26:00 am  
    	
 





tuesday, april 11, 2006




	 i beg your pardon
	 



"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life." john 3:16i am terribly upset with myself that i have not been keeping up here. i have been oh so busy! please forgive me. i shall return soon.we will finish genesis' last two chapters, and we will start the new testament. does that sound like a good plan to you? it is almost easter…i wonder…he works all things together for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose!i am in no one laying claim that 'god' made me do it! (take the time off.) god bless everyone of you, and i shall be back soon.



posted by rosemary welch @ 4/11/2006 11:00:00 am  
    	
 





sunday, april 02, 2006




	 hello 4/2/2006
	 



"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life." john 3:16
good day. how are you? if you haven't noticed, i've been too preoccupied with the news. it seems no one in our press department is, so i have been tracking down articles. 

i have many other sites, but that is a different story. i am writing to let you know that i will be writing loving god holy at wordpress. it was too time consuming writing the same thing twice. lol. if you have any difficulty leaving comments, please let me know by e-mailling me. 

i pray all is well with you. please continue to visit. if you really decide you like this site better, i will switch back. hey, what's a little inconvience? :)

god bless us all.



posted by rosemary welch @ 4/02/2006 09:40:00 pm  
    	
 





thursday, march 02, 2006




	 gen. 48:1-22 "manasseh and ephraim"




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16today's lesson is genesis 48. i did not realize the depths of this chapter until i read the lesson in bible.org named the view from the graveyard. it is good for us to consider our lives from the end of them, looking back. we will see what is actually of concern, rather than the things we hold on to as of value. have a blessed day. manasseh and ephraimsome time later joseph was told, "your father is ill." so he took his two sons manasseh and ephraim along with him. 2when jacob was told, "your son joseph has come to you," israel rallied strength and sat up on the bed. 3jacob said to joseph, "god almighty appeared to me at luz in the land of canaan, and there he blessed me 4and said to me, 'i am going to make you fruitful and will increase your numbers. i will make you a commmunity of peoples, and i will give this land as an everlasting possession to your descendants after you.' 5"now then, your two sons born to you in egypt before i came to you here will be reckoned as mine; ephraim and manasseh will be mine, just as reuben and simeon are mine. 6any children born to you after them will be yours; in the territory they inherit they will be reckoned under the names of their brothers. 7as i was returning from paddan, to my sorrow rachel died in the land of canaan while we were still on the way, a little distance from ephrath. so i buried her there beside the road to ephrath" (that is, bethlehem). 8when israel saw the sons of joseph, he asked, "who are these?" 9"they are the sons god has given me here," joseph said to his father. 10now israel's eyes were failing because of old age, and he could hardly see. so joseph brought his sons close to him, and his father kissed them and embraced them. 11israel said to joseph, "i never expected to see your face again, and now god has allowed me to see your children too." 12then joseph removed them from israel's knees and bowed down with his face to the ground. 13and joseph took both of them, ephraim on his right toward israel's left hand and manasseh on his left toward israel's right hand, and brought them close to him. 14but israel reached out his right hand and put it on ephraim's head, though he was the younger, and crossing his arms, he put his left hand on manasseh's head, even though manasseh was the firstborn.15then he blessed joseph and said,"may the god before whom my fathersabraham and isaac walked,the god who had been my shepherdall my life to this day,16the angel who has delivered me from all harm--may he bless these boys.may they be called by my nameand the names of my fathersabraham and isaac,and may they increase greatlyupon the earth."17when joseph saw his father placing his right hand on ephraim's head he was displeased; so he took hold of his father's hand to move it from ephraim's head to manasseh's head. 18joseph said to him, "no, my father, this one is the firstborn; put your right hand on his head."19but his father refused and said, "i know, my son, i know. he too will become a people, and he too will become great. nevertheless, his yournger brother will be greater than he, and his descendants will become a group of nations."20he blessed them that day and said,"in your name will israel pronouncethis blessing:'may god make you like ephraimand manasseh.' "so he put ephraim ahead of manasseh. 21then israel said to joseph, "i am about to die, but god will be with you and take you back to the land of your fathers. 22and to you, as one who is over your brothers, i give the rigde of land i took from the amorites with my sword and my bow."



posted by rosemary welch @ 3/02/2006 07:02:00 pm  
    	
 





wednesday, march 01, 2006




	 gen. 47:13-31 "joseph and the famine"




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."john 3:16today's lesson is titled, "a proper perspective of poverty and prosperity." have a blessed day.13there was no food, however, in the whole region because the famine was severe; both egypt and canaan wasted away because of the famine. 14joseph collected all the money that was to be found in egypt and canaan in payment for the grain they were buying, and he brought it to pharaoh's palace. 15when the money of the people of egypt and canaan was gone, all egypt came to joseph and said, "give us food. why should we die before your eyes? our money is used up." 16"then bring your livestock, said joseph. "i will sell you food in exchange for your livestock, since your money is gone." 17so they brought their livestock to joseph, and he gave them food in exchange for their horses, their sheep and goats, their cattle and donkeys. and he brought them through that year with food in exchange for all their livestock. 18when that year was over, they came to him the following year and said, "we cannot hide from our lord the fact that since our money is gone and our livestock belongs you, there is nothing left for our lord except our bodies and our land. 19why should we perish before your eyes--we and our land as well? buy us and our land in exchange for food, and we with our land will be in bondage to pharaoh. give us seed so that we may live and not die, and that the land may not become desolate." 20so joseph bought all the land in egypt for pharaoh. the egyptians, one and all, sold their fields, because the famine was too severe for them. the land became pharaoh's, 21and joseph reduced the people to servitude, from one end of egypt to the other. 22however, he did not buy the land of the priests, because they received a regular allotment from pharaoh and had food enough from the allotment pharaoh gave them. that is why they did not sell their land.23joseph said to the people, "now that i have bought you and your land today for pharaoh, here is seed for you so you can plant the ground. 24but when the crop comes in, give a fifth of it to pharaoh. the other four-fifths you may keep for the fields and as food for yourselves and your households and your children."25"you have saved our lives," they said. "may we find favor in the eyes of our lord; we will be in bondage to pharaoh."26so joseph established it as a law concerning land in egypt--still in force today--that a fifth of the produce belongs to pharaoh. it was only the land of the priests that did not become pharaoh's.27now the israelites settled in egypt in the region of goshen. they acquired property there and were fruitful and increased greatly in number.28jacob lived in egypt seventeen years, and the years of his life were a hundred and forty-seven. 29when the time drew near for israel to die, he called for his son joseph and said to him, "if i have found favor in your eyes, put your hand under my thigh and promise that you will show me kindness and faithfulness. do not bury me in egypt, 30but when i rest with my fathers, carry me out of egypt and bury me where they are buried.""i will do as you say," he said.31"swear to me," he said. then joseph swore to him, and israel worshiped as he leaned on the top of his staff.



posted by rosemary welch @ 3/01/2006 02:36:00 pm  
    	
 





tuesday, february 28, 2006




	 gen. 46:1--47:12 jacob goes to egypt




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."john 3:16today we will be reading about jacob's journey to egypt. bible.org's lesson for today is matthew 46 life begins at 130, (genesis 46:1-47:12). have a blessed day.jacob goes to egyptso israel set out with all that was his, and when he reached beersheba, he offered sacrifices to the god of his father isaac.2and god spoke to israel in a vision at night and said, "jacob! jacob!" "here i am," he replied.  3"i am god, the god of your father," he said. "do not be afraid to go down to egypt, for i will make you into a great nation there. 4i will go down to egypt with you, and i will surely bring you back again. and joseph's own hand will close your eyes." 5then jacob left beersheba, and israel's sons took their father jacob and their children and their wives in the carts that pharaoh had sent to transport him. 6they also took with them their livestock and the possessions they had acquired in canaan, and jacob and all his offspring went to egypt. 7he took with him to egypt his sons and grandsons and his daughters and granddaughters--all his offspring.  8these are the names of the sons of israel (jacob and his descendants) who went to egypt: reuben the firstborn of jacob.9the sons of reuben:hanoch, pallu, hezron and carmi.10the sons of simeon:jemuel, jamin, ohad, jakin, zohar and shaul the son of a canaanite woman.11the sons of levi:gershon, kohath and merari12the sons of judah:er, onan, shelah, perez and zerah (but er and onan had died in the land of canaan).the sons of perez:hezron and hamul.13the sons of issachar:tola, puah, jashub and shimron.14the sons of zebulun:sered, elon and jahleel.15these were the sons leah bore to jacob in paddan aram, besides his daughter dinah. these sons and daughters of his were thirty-three in all. 16the sons of gad:zephon, haggi, shuni, ezbon, eri, arodi and areli. 17the sons of asher:imnah, ishvah, ishvi and beriah.their sister was serah.the sons of beriah:heber and malkiel.18these were the children born to jacob by zilpah, whom laban had given to his daughter leah--sixteen in all. 19the sons of jacob's wife rachel:joseph and benjamin. 20in egypt, manasseh and ephraim were born to joseph by asenath daughter of potiphera, priest of on.21the sons of benjamin:bela, beker, ashbel, gera, naaman,ehl, rosh, muppim, and ard.22these were the sons of rachel who were born to jacob--fourteen in all.23the sons of dan:hushim.24the sons of naphtali:jahziel, guni, jezer and shillem.25these were the sons born to jacob by bilhah, whom laban had given to his daughter rachel--seven in all.26all those who went to egypt with jacob--those who were his direct descendants, not counting his sons wives--numbered sixty-six persons. 27with the two sons who had been born to joseph in egypt, the members of jacob's family, which went to egypt, were seventy in all.28now jacob sent judah ahead of him to joseph to get directions to goshen. when they arrived in the region of goshen, 29joseph had his chariot made ready and went to goshen to meet his father israel. as soon as joseph appeared before him, he threw his arms around his father and wept for a long time.30israel said to joseph, "now i am ready to die, since i have seen for myself that you are still alive."31then joseph said to his brothers and to his father's household, "i will go up and speak to pharaoh and will say to him, 'my brothers and my father's household, who were living in the land of canaan, have come to me. 32the men are shepherds; they tend livestock, and they have brought along their flocks and herds and everything they own.' 33when pharaoh calls you in and asks, 'what is your occupation?' 34you should answer, 'your sevants have tended livestock from our boyhood on, just as our fathers did.' then you will be allowed to settle in the region of goshen, for all shepherds are detestable to the egyptians."47...1joseph went and told pharaoh, "my father and brothers, with their flocks and herds and everything they own, have come from the land of canaan and are now in goshen." 2he chose five of his brothers and presented them before pharaoh. 3pharaoh asked the brothers, "what is your occupation?""your sevants are shephards," they replied to pharaoh, "just as our fathers were." 4they also said to him, "we have come to live here awhile, because the famine is severe in canaan and your servants flocks have no pasture. so now, please let your servants settle in goshen."5pharaoh said to joseph, "your father and your brothers have come to you, 6and the land of egypt is before you; settle your father and brothers in the best part of the land. let them live in goshen. and if you know of any among them with special ability, put them in charge of my own livestock."7then joseph brought his father jacob in and presented him before pharaoh. after jacob blessed pharaoh, 8pharaoh asked him, "how old are you?"9and jacob said to pharaoh, "the years of my pilgrimage are a hundred and thirty. my years have been few and difficult, and they do not equal the years of the pilgrimage of my fathers. 10then jacob blessed pharaoh and went out from his presence.11so joseph settled his father and his brothers in egypt and gave them property in the best part of the land, the district of rameses, as pharaoh directed. 12joseph also provided his father and his brothers and all his father's household with food, according to the number of their children.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/28/2006 05:58:00 pm  
    	
 





sunday, february 26, 2006




	 gen. 45:1-28 "joseph makes himself known"




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."john 3:16today we will are finally going to witness the reunion of joseph and his family. get a tissue. the title of this study is the fundamentals of forgiveness, (genesis 45:1-28). have a wonderfully blessed day.joseph makes himself knownthen joseph could no longer control himself before all his attendants, and he cried out, "have everyone leave my presence!" so there was no one with joseph when he made himself known to his brothers. 2and he wept so loudly that the egyptians heard him, and pharaoh's household heard about it. 3joseph said to his brothers, "i am joseph! is my father still living?" but his brothers were not able to answer him, because they were terrified at his presence. 4then joseph said to his brothers, "come close to me." when they had done so, he said, "i am your brother joseph, the one you sold into egypt! 5and now, do not be distressed and do not be angry with yourselves for selling me here, because it was to save lives that god sent me ahead of you. 6for two years now there has been famine in the land, and for the next five years there will not be plowing and reaping. 7but god sent me ahead of you to preserve for you a remnant on earth and to save your lives by a great deliverance. 8"so then, it was not you who sent me here, but god. he made me father to pharaoh, lord of his entire household and ruler of all egypt. 9now hurry back to my father and say to him, 'this is what your son joseph says: god has made me lord of all egypt. come down to me; don't delay. 10you shall live in the region of goshen and be near me--you, your children and grandchildren, your flocks and herds, and all you have. 11i will povide for you there, because five years of famine are still to come. otherwise you and your household and all who belong to you will become destitute.' 12"you can see for yourselves, and so can my brother benjamin, that it is really i who am speaking to you. 13tell my father about all the honor accorded me in egypt and about everything you have seen. and bring my father down here quickly." 14then he threw his arms around his brother benjamin and wept, and benjamin embraced him, weeping. 15and he kissed all his brothers and wept over them. afterward his brothers talked with him. 16when the news reached pharaoh's palace that joseph's brothers had come, pharaoh and all his officials were pleased. 17pharaoh said to joseph, "tell your brothers, 'do this: load your animals and return to the land of canaan, 18and bring your father and your families back to me. i will give you the best of the land of egypt and you can enjoy the fat of the land.' 19"you are also directed to tell them, 'do this: take some carts from egypt for your children and your wives, and get your father and come. 20never mind about your belongings, because the best of all egypt will be yours.' " 21so the sons of israel did this. joseph gave them carts, as pharaoh had commanded, and he also gave them provisions for their journey. 22to each of them he gave new clothing, but to benjamin he gave three hundred shekels of silver and five sets of clothes. 23and this is what he sent to his father: ten donkeys loaded with the best things of egypt, and ten female donkeys loaded with grain and bread and other provisions for his journey. 24then he sent his brothers away and as they were leaving he said to them, "don't quarrel on the way!" 25so they went up out of egypt and came to their father jacob in the land of canaan. 26they told him, "joseph is still alive! in fact, he is ruler of all egypt." jacob was stunned; he did not believe them. 27but when they told him everything joseph had said to them, and when he saw the carts joseph had sent to carry him back, the spirit of their father jacob revived. 28and israel said, "i'm convinced! my son joseph is still alive. i will go and see him before i die." to my amazement, i did not cry. maybe that is because i knew what would happen, maybe it is because i cried in an earlier chapter. either way, everything is wonderful. is it not amazing that joseph was asking them not be angry with themselves? he had forgiven them. imagine if we could find that kind of forgiveness within ourselves?! i know, he had enough time to get over any anger, but still... did you catch the part at the end where he tells them not to quarrel? he may have forgiven, but he certainly did not forget. lol. 



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/26/2006 07:44:00 pm  
    	
 





saturday, february 25, 2006




	 nigerian muslims take note, or else...
	 



"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."john 3:16reaction of the president of the christian association of nigeria, the most revd peter akinola on recent events in nigeriahaving watched with sadness and dismay the recent development in  some  states in the northern part of this country where many christian churches and other property have been wantonly destroyed by some islamic fundamentalists, the christian association of nigeria is compelled to issue the following statements:a. from all indications, it is very clear now that the sacrifices of the christians in this country for peaceful co-existence with people of other faiths has been sadly misunderstood to be weakness.b. we have for a long time now watched helplessly the killing, maiming and destruction of christians and their property by muslim fanatics and fundamentalists at the slightest or no provocation at all. we are not unaware of the fact that these religious extremists have the full backup and support of some influential muslims who are yet to appreciate the value of peaceful co-existence.c. that an incident in far away denmark which does not claim to be representing christianity could elicit such an unfortunate reaction here in nigeria, leading to the destruction of christian churches, is not only embarrassing, but also disturbing and unfortunate. d. it is no longer a hidden fact that a  long standing agenda to make this nigeria an islamic nation is being surreptitiously pursued. the willingness of muslim youth to descend with violence on the innocent christians from time to time is from all intents and purposes a design to actualize their dream. 2. a. it is sad to note that all acts of hostility meted against christians by muslims in the past have remained unaddressed with nobody paying compensations or the culprits brought to justice.b. we do appreciate the fact that at this stage of our national development, peace is absolutely necessary for realizing our dreams and aspirations. it is in view of this that christians in nigeria agreed to participate in the forthcoming national census as sacrifice for the peace and progress of this nation, in spite of our protest over the non-inclusion of religion and ethnicity as necessary demographic data.c. may we at this stage remind our muslim brothers that they do not have the monopoly of violence in this nation.  nigeria belongs to all of us – christians, muslims and members of other faiths. no amount of intimidation can change this time-honoured arrangement in this nation.  c.a.n. may no longer be able to contain our restive youths should this ugly trend continue.3. a. we now demand that further destruction of christian churches and property in this nation be permanently put to an end. b. all levels of government in this country should take adequate steps to protect the lives and property of christians everywhere in this land as no further destructions will be tolerated or ignored. c. the federal government and those states where christian churches have been destroyed are hereby urged to take urgent steps at rebuilding those structures and paying adequate compensation while assuring christians of adequate protection in this country.  these governments should now show in practical terms that nigeria belongs to all of us by going beyond mere promises of rebuilding destroyed churches and property as in the past to actual reconstruction, which will help the victims to quickly put this unfortunate incident behind them. a stitch in time saves nine. signedmost revd. peter j. akinola (con, dd.)president, christian association of nigeriai have taken the liberty to copy this because i want you to be able to understand what is happening across the world. the christians in nigeria did not sit back and take it this time. after this letter was printed (date), the christians stood up to the muslims and the muslims fled. my, oh my. how brave we are when they fight back!



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/25/2006 05:58:00 pm  
    	
 









	 mt. 6:1-4 giving to the needysermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."john 3:16we shall now return to the sermon on the mount. bible.org also has a sermon with explainations on matthew 6: the practice of righteousness. we shall look at each section as an individual lesson. have a blessed day!givng to the needy"be careful not to do your 'acts of righteousness' before men, to be seen by them. if you do, you will have no reward from your father in heaven. 2"so when you give to the needy, do not announce it with trumpets, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and on the streets, to be honored by men. i tell you the truth, they have received their reward in full. 3but when you give to the needy, do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing, 4so that your giving may be in secret. then your father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you. this one troubles me some. these days, most things are done by check or credit card. it is very difficult not to let others know. besides that, doesn't the government want to know also? hmm. i must study this one some more. 



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/25/2006 12:18:00 pm  
    	
 









	 mt. 6:5-15 prayersermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16this section of mt. 6 pertains to prayer. bible.org has a bible study called the fatal failures of religion: #3 externalism, (matthew 6:1-18) and jesus on prayermatthew, 6:5-15. the first one is very good. it is an admonision on those of us whom really do not understand the meaning of this chapter, while the second one is instructional. they are both very good. have a blessed day.prayer
6:9-13--lk 11:2-45"and when you pray, do not be like the hypocrites, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by men. i tell you the truth, they have received their reward in full. 6but when you pray, go into your room, close the door and pray to your father, who is unseen. then your father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you. 7and when you pray, do not keep on babbling like pagans, for they think they will be heard because of their many words. 8do not be like them, for your father knows what you need before you ask him. 9this, then, is how you should pray:*"our father, who art in heaven, hallowed by thy name,10thy kingdom come,thy will be done,on earth as it is in heaven.11give us this day our daily bread, and 12forgive us our trespasses,as we forgive thosewho trespass against us.and lead us not into temptation,but deliver us from evil.[for thine is kingdom and the powerand the gloryforever and ever. amen!] 14for if you forgive men when they sin against you, your heavenly father will also forgive you. 15but if you do not forgive men their sins, your father will not forgive your sins.the prayer you see here is not the prayer in this bible. this is the prayer i remember. how arrogant of me, right? well, i've heard a lot of talk about making the bible gender-nuetral. tell me, is that any less arrogant?! i just believe the way i learned it is beautiful. that is all.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/25/2006 12:09:00 pm  
    	
 









	 mt. 6:16-18 fasting sermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16this section of matthew discusses fasting, as you could easily discern from the title. bible.org has an article named grrrr. ohhh!matthew, 6:16-18. lol. recommended reading, for sure.fasting16"when you fast, do not look somber as the hypocrites do, for they disfigure their faces to show men they are fasting. i tell you the truth, they have received their reward in full. 17but when you fast, put oil on your head and wash your face, 18so that it will not be obious to men that you are fasting, but only to your father, who is unseen; and your father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/25/2006 11:54:00 am  
    	
 









	 mt. 6:19-24 treasures in heaven sermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."john 3:16ah, the treasures in heaven! this is such a deep passage. bible.org has a study for these vv. named "where is your treasure?" matthew 6:19-24. have a blessed day.treasures in heaven6:22,23--lk 11:34-3619"do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy, and where thieves break in and steal. 20but store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moth and rust do not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal. 21for where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.22"the eye is the lamp of the body. if your eyes are good, your whole body will be full of light. 23but if your eyes are bad, your whole body will be full of darkness. if then the light within you is darkness, how great is that darkness!24"no one can serve two masters. either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. you cannot serve both god and money.i do not understand this. i have poor eyesight, but that was due to a stroke. i cannot see from my right side out of both of my eyes. does this mean i am full of darkness? i surely hope not. i need to ask someone who knows. quickly!



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/25/2006 11:39:00 am  
    	
 









	 mt. 6:25-34 do not worry sermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life." john 3:16we have come to the end of matthew 6! i love "do not worry." i hope you will, too. it set me free.the bible.org has a great sermon named your own personal "heart-guard". i highly recommend it, even if you are not anxious. it may come in handy if you ever become so.do not worry6:25-33--lk 12:22-3125"therefore i tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. is not life more important than food, and the body more important than clothes? 26look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly father feeds them. are you not much more valuable than they? 27who of you by worrying can add a single hour to his life?28"and why do you worry about clothes? see how the lilies of the field grow. they do not labor or spin. 29yet i tell you that not even solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. 30if that is how god clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you, o you of little faith? 31so do not worry, saying, 'what shall we eat?' or 'what shall we drink?' or 'what shall we wear?' 32for the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly father knows that you need them. 33but seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. 34therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. each day has enough trouble of its own.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/25/2006 11:09:00 am  
    	
 









	 gen. 44:1-34 a silver cup in a sack




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16today's lesson on genesis is chapter 44. bible.org has a study named, the final test: dothan relived, (genesis 44:1-34). you may also want to check out mike's one year bible blog. it is good to see how different people read the same thing. in this way, you may even come up with another! just as long as it does not stray from the principles of christianity (christ was born of the virgin mary, he lived, he was cruxified for all our sins, he took the sins of the world upon himself, if we repent of our sins and believe in him-we are saved, jesus lives within us using the holy spirit, and jesus is god.) i hope i did not leave or add anything. if so, someone please let me know. thank you, and have a blessed day.a silver cup in a sacknow joseph gave these instructions to the steward of his house: "fill the men's sacks with as much food as they can carry, and put each man's silver in the mouth of his sack. 2then put my cup, the silver one, in the mouth of the youngest one's sack, along with the silver for his grain." and he did as joseph said. 3as morning dawned, the men were sent on their way with their donkeys. 4they had not gone far from the city when joseph said to his steward, "go after those men at once, and when you catch up with them, say to them, 'why have you repaid good with evil? 5isn't this the cup my master drinks from and also uses for divination? this is a wicked thing you have done.' " 6when he caught up with them, he repeated these words to them. 7but they said to him, "why does my lord say such things? far be it from your servants to do anything like that! 8we even brought back to you from the land of canaan the silver we found inside the mouths of our sacks. so why would we steal silver or gold from your master's house? 9if any of your servants is found to have it, he will die; and the rest of us will become my lord's slaves." 10"very well, then," he said, "let it be as you say. whoever is found to have it will become my slave; the rest of you will be free from blame." 11each of them quickly lowered his sack to the ground and opened it. 12then the steward proceeded to search, beginning with the oldest and ending with the youngest. and the cup was found in benjamin's sack. 13at this, they tore their clothes. then they all loaded their donkeys and returned to the city. 14joseph was still in the house when judah and his brothers came in, and they threw themselves to the ground before him. 15joseph said to them, "what is this you have done? don't you know that a man like me can find things out by divination?" 16"what can we say to my lord?" judah replied. "what can we say? how can we prove our innocence? god has uncovered your servants guilt. we are now my lord's slaves--we ourselves and the one who was found to have the cup." 17but joseph said, "far be it from me to do such a thing! only the man who was found to have the cup will become my slave. the rest of you, go back to your father in peace." 18then judah went up to him and said: "please, my lord, let your servant speak a word to my lord. do not be angry with your servant, though you are equal to pharaoh himself. 19my lord asked his servants, 'do you have a father or a brother?' 20and we answered, 'we have an aged father, and there is a young son born to him in his old age. his brother is dead, and he is the only one of his mother's sons left, and his father loves him.' 21"then you said to your servants, 'bring him down to me so i can see him for myself.' 22and we said to my lord, 'the boy cannot leave his father; if he leaves him, his father will die.' 23but you told your servants, 'unless your youngest brother comes down with you, you will not see my face again.' 24when we went back to your servant my father, we told him what my lord had said. 25"then our father said, 'go back and buy a little more food.' 26but we said, 'we cannot go down. only if our youngest brother is with us will we go. we cannot see the man's face unless our youngest brother is with us.' 27"your servant my father said to us, 'you know that my wife bore me two sons. 28one of them went away from me, and i said, "he has surely been torn to pieces" and i have not seen him since. 29if you take this one from me too and harm comes to him, you will bring my gray head down to the grave in misery.' 30"so now, if the boy is not with us when i go back to your servant my father and if my father, whose life is closely bound up with the boy's life, 31sees that the boy isn't there, he will die. your servants will bring the gray head of our father down to the grave in sorrow. 32your servant guaranteed the boy's safety to my father. i said, 'if i do not bring him back to you, i will bear the blame before you, my father, all my life!' 33"now then, please let your servant remain here as my lord's slave in place of the boy, and let the boy return with his brothers. 34how can i go back to my father if the boy is not with me? no! do not let me see the misery that would come upon my father." this is what i consider phileo (sp?) love. brotherly love. judah is ready to become a slave to save his youngest brother. if you will remember, it was reuben who went back to the pit to rescue joseph, but he was already gone. he assumes he was torn to pieces by a wild animal. judah, on the other hand, had the idea of selling him instead killing him. it is quite ironic that now he is willing to become a slave to the brother he sold (although he does not know this) to save the lives of his father and the youngest brother. we can always find our way back. god makes it possible. never look at hardships as 'no way out.' maybe they are just ways we can right a wrong, help another, or do god's will. we may actually never know, but god does. :)



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/25/2006 08:34:00 am  
    	
 





friday, february 24, 2006




	 gen. 43:1-34 "the second journey to egypt




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16today we will study genesis 43. bible.org has a wonderful study on this titled, "the fears of jacob and the tears of joseph," (genesis 43:1-34). please read it. have a blessed day.the second journey to egyptnow the famine was still severe in the land. 2so when they had eaten all the grain they had brought from egypt, their father said to them, "go back and buy us a little more food." 3but judah said to him, "the man warned us solemnly, 'you will not see my face again unless your brother is with you.' 4if you will send our brother along with us, we will go down and buy food for you. 5but if you will not send him, we will not go down, because the man said to us, 'you will not see my face again unless your brother is with you.' " 6israel asked, "why did you bring this trouble on me by telling the man you had another brother?" 7they replied, "the man questioned us closely about ourselves and our family. 'is your father still living?' he asked us. 'do you have another brother?' we simply answered his questions. how were we to know he would say, 'bring your brother down here'?" 8then judah said to israel his father, "send the boy along with me and we will go at once, so that we and you and our children may live and not die. 9i myself will guarantee his safety; you can hold me personally responsible for him. if i do not bring him back to you and set him here before you, i will bear the blame before you all my life. 10as it is, if we had not delayed, we could have gone and returned twice." 11then their father israel said to them, "if it must be, then do this: put some of the best products of the land in your bags and take them down to the man as a gift--a little balm and a little honey, some spices and myrrh, some pistachio nuts and almonds. 12take double the amount of silver with you, for you must return the silver that was put back into the mouths of your sacks. perhaps it was a mistake. 13take your brother also and go back to the man at once. 14and may god almighty grant you mercy before the man so that he will let your other brother and benjamin come back with you. as for me, if i am bereaved, i am bereaved." 15so the men took the gifts and double the amount of silver, and benjamin also. they hurried down to egypt and presented t hemselves to joseph. 16when joseph saw benjamin with them, he said to the steward of his house, "take these men to my house, slaughter an animal and prepare dinner; they are to eat with me at noon." 17the man did as joseph told him and took the men to joseph's house. 18now the men were frightened when they were taken to his house. they thought, "we were brought here because of the silver that was put back into our sacks the first time. he wants to attack us and overpower us and seize us as slaves and take our donkeys." 19so they went up to joseph's steward and spoke to him at the entrance to the house. 20"please, sir," they said, "we came down here the first time to buy food. 21but at the place where we stopped for the night we opened our sacks and each of us found his silver--the exact weight--in the mouth of his sack. so we have brought it back with us. 22we have also brought additional silver with us to buy food. we don't know who put our silver in our sacks." 23"it's all right," he said. "don't be afraid. your god, the god of your father, has given you treasure in your sacks; i received your silver." then he brought simeon out to them. 24the steward took the men into joseph's house, gave them water to wash their feet and provided fodder for their donkeys. 25they prepared their gifts for joseph's arrival at noon, because they had heard that they were to eat there. 26when joseph came home, they presented to him the gifts they had brought into the house, and they bowed down before him to the ground. 27he asked them how they were, and then he said, "how is your aged father you told me about? is he still living?" 28they replied, "your servant our father is still alive and well." and they bowed low to pay him honor. 29as he looked about and saw his brother benjamin, his own mother's son, he asked, "is this your youngest brother, the one you told me about?" and he said, "god be gracious to you, my son." 30deeply moved at the sight of his brother, joseph hurried out and looked for a place to weep. he went into his private room and wept there. 31after he had washed his face, he came out and, controlling himself, said, "serve the food." 32they served him by himself, the brothers by themselves, and the egyptians who ate with him by themselves, because egyptians could not eat with hebrews, for that is detestable to egyptians. 33the men had been seated before him in the order of their ages, from the firstborn to the youngest, and they looked at each other in astonishment. 34when portions were served to them from joseph's table, benjamin's portion was five times as much as anyone else's. so they feasted and drank freely with him.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/24/2006 02:07:00 pm  
    	
 





thursday, february 23, 2006




	 gen. 42:1-38 "joseph's brothers go to egypt"




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16in gen. 42, i have always had an urge to take those brothers and wring their necks! but alas, that would not do. have you ever wondered why everyone else seems to get away with everything, but you cannot? do not despair. the lord is aware. the proper use of power, (genesis 42:1-38) is also today's study reference. it is a good read. have a blessed day.joseph's brothers go to egyptwhen jacob learned that there was grain in egypt, he said to his sons, "why do you just keep looking at each other?" 2he continued, "i have heard that there is grain in egypt. go down there and buy some for us, so that we may live and not die." 3then ten of joseph's brothers went down to buy grain from egypt. 4but jacob did not send benjamin, joseph's brother, with the others, because he was afraid that harm might come to him. 5so israel's sons were among those who went to buy grain, for the famine was in the land of canaan also. 6now joseph was the governor of the land, the one who sold grain to all its people. so when joseph's brothers arrived, they bowed down to him with their faces to the ground. 7as soon as joseph saw his brothers, he recognized them, but he pretended to be a stranger and spoke harshly to them. "where do you come from?" he asked. "from the land of canaan," they replied, "to buy food." 8although joseph recognized his brothers, they did not recognize him. 9then he remembered his dreams about them and said to them, "you are spies! you have come to see where our land is unprotected." 10"no, my lord," they answered. "your servants have come to buy food. 11we are all the sons of one man. your servants are honest men, not spies." 12"no!" he said to them. "you have come to see where our land is unprotected." 13but they replied, "your servants were twelve brothers, the sons of one man, who lives in the land of canaan. the youngest is now with our father, and one is no more." 14joseph said to them, "it is just as i told: you are spies! 15and this is how you will be tested: as surely as pharaoh lives, you will not leave this place unless your youngest brother comes here. 16send one of your number to get your brother; the rest of you will be kept in prison, so that your words may be tested to see if you are telling the truth. if you are not, then as surely as pharaoh lives, you are spies! 17and he put them all in custody for three days. 18on the third day, joseph said to them, "do this and you will live, for i fear god: 19if you are honest men, let one of your brothers stay here in prison, while the rest of you go and take grain back for your starving households. 20but you must bring your youngest brother to me, so that your words may be verified and that you may not die." this they proceeded to do. 21they said one another, "surely we are being punished because of our brother. we saw how distressed he was when he pleaded with us for his life, but we would not listen; that's why this distress has come upon us." 22reuben replied, "didn't i tell you not to sin against the boy? but you wouldn't listen! now we must give an accounting for his blood." 23they did not realize that joseph could understand them, since he was using an interpreter. 24he turned away from them and began to weep, but then turned back and spoke to them again. he had simeon taken from them and bound before their eyes. 25joseph gave orders to fill their bags with grain, to put each man's silver back in his sack, and to give them provisions for their journey. after this was done for them, 26they loaded their grain on their donkeys and left. 27at the place where they stopped for the night one of them opened his sack to get feed for his donkey, and he saw his silver in the mouth of his sack. 28"my silver has been returned," he said to his brothers. "here it is in my sack." their hearts sank and they turned to each other trembling and said, "what is this that god has done to us?" 29when they came to their father jacob in the land of canaan, they told him all that had happened to them. they said, 30"the man who is lord over the land spoke harshly to us and treated us as though we were spying on the land. 31but we said to his, 'we are honest men, we are not spies. 32we were twelve brothers, sons of one father. one is no more, and the youngest is now with our father in canaan.' 33"then the man who is lord over the land said to us, 'this is how i will know whether you are honest men: leave one of your brothers here with me, and take food for your starving households and go. 34but bring your youngest brother to me so i will know that you are not spies but honest men. then i will give your brother back to you, and can trade in the land.' " 35as they were emptying their sacks, there in each man's sack was his pouch of silver! when they and their father saw the money pouches, they were frightened. 36their father jacob said to them, "you have deprived me of my children. joseph is no more and simeon is no more, and now you want to take benjamin. everything is against me!" 37then reuben said to his father, "you may put both of my sons to death if i do not bring him back to you. entrust him to my care, and i will bring him back." 38but jacob said, "my son will not go down there with you; his brother is dead and he is the only one left. if harm comes to him on the journey you are taking, you will bring my gray head down to the grave in sorrow." wow. it has been a long time since i read this particular passage, but wow. the emotion, the suspense (if you do not the ending--even if you do!), and the feeling of wanting to just hold them all and tell them it will be alright. wow. have a great day.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/23/2006 10:56:00 am  
    	
 









	 gen. 41:41-57 "joseph in charge of egypt"
	 



"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16today we will finish genesis 41. this will also conclude the study of from the pit to the palace, (genesis 41:1-57). joseph is such a delight to me. he is a humble, intelligent, wise man; and he loves the lord with all of his heart, strength, mind, and soul. all the things i would want in a husband. why don't they make them like that anymore? oh well. let me stop. lol. have a blessed day, and to all of you men out there who fit that description--i know you are already married, so you don't count. lol.41so pharaoh said to joseph, "i hereby put you in charge of the whole land of egypt." 42then pharaoh took his signet ring from his finger and put it on joseph's finger. he dressed him in robes of fine linen and put a gold chain around his neck. 43he had him ride in a chariot as his second-in-command, and men shouted before him, "make way!" thus he put him in charge of the whole land of egypt. 44then pharaoh said to joseph, "i am pharaoh, but without your word no one will lift hand or foot in all egypt." 45pharaoh gave joseph the name zaphenath-paneah and gave him asenath daughter of potiphera, priest of on, to be his wife. and joseph went throughout the land of egypt. 46joseph was thirty years old when he entered the service of pharaoh king of egypt. and joseph went out from pharaoh's presence and traveled throughout egypt. 47during the seven years of abundance the land produced plentifully. 48joseph collected all the food produced in those seven years of abundance in egypt and stored it in the cities. in each city he put the food grown in the fields surrounding it. 49joseph stored up huge quantities of grain, like the sand of the sea; it was so much that he stopped keeping records because it was beyond measure. 50before the years of famine came, two sons were born to joseph by asenath daughter of potiphera, priest of on. 51joseph named his firstborn manasseh and said, "it is because god has made me forget all my trouble and all my father's household." 52the second son he named ephraim and said, "it is because god has made me fruitful in the land of my suffering." 53the seven years of abundance in egypt came to an end, 54and the seven years of famine began, just as joseph had said. there was famine in all the other lands, but in the whole land of egypt there was food. 55when all egypt began to feel the famine, the people cried to pharaoh for food. then pharaoh told all the egyptians, "go to joseph and do what he tells you." 56when the famine had spread over the whole country, joseph opened the store-houses and sold grain to the egyptians, for the famine was severe throughout egypt. 57and all the country came to egypt to buy grain from joseph, because the famine was severe in all the world.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/23/2006 09:54:00 am  
    	
 





wednesday, february 22, 2006




	 gen. 41:1-40 "pharaoh's dreams"
	 



"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16today we will be reading about pharaoh's dreams. this is a sermon from bible.org/. sorry it took so long to get started. i had to transfer about 10 pages i could not do yesterday. there was something wrong with my other site. have a blessed day.pharaoh's dreamswhen two full years had passed, pharaoh had a dream: he was standing by the nile, 2when out of the river there came up seven cows, sleek and fat, and they grazed among the reeds. 3after them, seven other cows, ugly and gaunt, came up out of the nile and stood beside those on the riverbank. 4and the cows that were ugly and gaunt ate up the seven sleek, fat cows. then pharaoh woke up. 5he fell asleep again and had a second dream: seven heads of grain, healthy and good, were growing on a single stalk. 6after them, seven other heads of grain sprouted--thin and scorched by the east wind. 7the thin heads of grain swallowed up the seven healthy, full heads. then pharaoh woke up; it had been a dream. 8in the morning his mind was troubled, so he sent for all the magicians and wise men of egypt. pharaoh told them his dreams, but no one could interpret them for him. 9then the chief cupbearer said to pharaoh, "today i am reminded of my shortcomings. 10pharaoh was once angry with his servants, and he imprisoned me and the chief baker in the house of the captain of the guard. 11each of us had a dream the same night, and each dream had a meaning of its own. 12now a young hebrew was there with us, a servant of the captain of the guard. we told him our dreams, and he interpreted them for us, giving each man the interpretation of his dream. 13and things turned out exactly as he interpreted them to us: i was restored to my position, and the other man was hanged." 14so pharaoh sent for joseph, and he was quickly brought from the dungeon. when he had shaved and changed his clothes, he came before pharaoh. 15pharaoh said to joseph, "i had a dream and no one can interpret it. but i have heard it said of you that when you hear a dream you can interpret it." 16"i cannot do it," joseph replied to pharaoh, "but god will give pharaoh the answer he desires." 17then pharaoh said to joseph, "in my dream i was standing on the bank of the nile, 18when out of the river there came up seven cows, fat and sleek, and they grazed among the reeds. 19after them, seven other cows came up--scrawny and very ugly and lean. i had never seen such ugly cows in all the land of egypt. 20the lean, ugly cows ate up the seven fat cows that came up first. 21but even after they ate them, no one could tell that they had done so; they looked just as ugly as before. then i woke up. 22"in my dreams i also saw seven heads of grain, full and good, growing on a single stalk. 23after them, seven other heads sprouted--withered and thin and scorched by the east wind. 24the thin heads of grain swallowed up the seven good heads. i told this to the magicians, but none could explain it to me." 25then joseph said to pharaoh, "the dreams of pharaoh are one and the same. god has revealed to pharaoh what he is about to do. 26the seven good cows are seven years, and the seven good heads of grain are seven years; it is one and the same dream. 27the seven lean, ugly cows that came up afterward are seven years, and so are the seven worthless heads of grain scorched by the east wind: they are seven years of famine. 28"it is just as i said to pharaoh: god has shown pharaoh what he is about to do. 29seven years of great abundance are coming throughout the land of egypt, 30but seven years of famine will follow them. then all the abundance in egypt will be forgotten, and famine will ravage the land. 31the abundance in the land will not be remembered, because the famine that follows it will be so severe. 32the reason the dream was given to pharaoh in two forms is that the matter has been fimly decided by god, and god will do it soon. 33"and now let pharaoh look for a discerning and wise man and put him in charge of the land of egypt. 34let pharaoh appoint commissioners over the land to take a fifth of the harvest of egypt during the seven years of abundance. 35they should collect all the food of these good years that are coming and store up the grain under the authority pharaoh, to be kept in the cities for food. 36this food should be held in reserve for the country, to be used during the seven years of famine that will come upon egypt, so that the country may no t be ruined by the famine.37the plan seemed good pharaoh and to all his officials. 38so pharaoh asked them, "can we find anyone like this man, one in whom is the spirit of god?"39then pharaoh said to joseph, ""since god has made all this known to you, there is no one so discerning and wise as you. 40you shall be in charge of my palace, and all my people are to submit to your orders. only with respect to the throne will i be greater than you."



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/22/2006 05:40:00 am  
    	
 





tuesday, february 21, 2006




	 mt. 5:1-12 "the beatitudes"sermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16in the next two chapters we will encounter several sections (nine in chapter 5 alone!). i will try to cover all of them today. i would like to put each one in it's own page, because someone may need to see a particular scripture and only remember the title of the passage. it would be easier for them to find. i would also like to let people know where to find the sermon on the mount. this way they can find how much was actually in that sermon! if the outline is too long for some of you, there is also “blessed are the poor in spirit”matthew 5:1-13. thank you for your patience. :)the beatitudes
5:3-12--lk 6:20-23now when he saw the crowds, he went up on a mountainside and sat down. his disciples came to him, 2and he began to teach them, saying: 3"blessed are the poor in sprit,for theirs is the kinggdom of heaven.4blessed are those who mourn,for they will be comforted.5blessed are the meek,for they will inherit the earth.6blessed are those who hunger and thirst,for righteousness, for they will be filled.7blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy.8blessed are the pure in heart,for they will see god.9blessed are the peacemakers,for the will be called sons of god.10blessed are those who are persecutedbecause of righteousness,for theirs is the kngdom of heaven.11blessed are you when people insult you, persecute you and falsely say all kinds of evil against you because of me. 12rejoice and be glad, because great is your reward in heaven, for in the same way they persecuted the prophets who were before you.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/21/2006 11:12:00 am  
    	
 









	 mt. 5:13-16 "salt and light"sermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."john 3:16this is second of nine sections in chapter five. the title of this lesson at bible.org is "a pinch of salt in the recipe for persecution," matthew 5:13-16. if anyone would like the url for the first section, it is the sermon on the mount. i do this so you have more than just me to seek help. lol. have a blessed day.salt and light13"you are the salt of the earth. but if the salt loses its saltiness, how can it be made salty again? it is no longer good for anything, except to be thrown out and trampled by men."14"you are the light of the world. a city on a hill cannot be hidden. 15neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl. instead they put it on its stand, and it gives light to everyone in the house. 16in the same way, let your light shine before men, that they may see your good deeds and praise your father in heaven.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/21/2006 11:00:00 am  
    	
 









	 mt. 5:17-20 "the fulfillment of the law"sermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life." john 3:16this is section three of the sermon on the mount. this one pertains to the fulfillment of the law. have a blessed day. the fulfillment of the law17"do not think that i have come to abolish the law or the prophets; i have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them. 18i tell you the truth, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest letter, not the least stroke of a pen, will by any means disappear from the law until everything is accomplished. 19anyone who breaks one of the least of these commandments and teaches others to do the same will be called least in the kingdom of heaven, but whoever practices and teaches these commands will be called great in the kingdom of heaven. 20for i tell you that unless your righteousness surpasses that of the pharisees and the teachers of the law, you will certainly not enter thekingdom of heaven.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/21/2006 10:50:00 am  
    	
 









	 mt. 5:21-26 "murder"sermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16this is section four in the sermon on the mount. we will cover murder in this section. everyone ready? okay, let's go. murder
5:25,26--lk 12:58,5921"you have heard that it was said to the people long ago, 'do not murder, and anyone who murders will be subject to judgment.' 22but i tell you that anyone who is angry with his brother will be subject to judgment. again, anyone who says to his brother, 'raca,' is answerable to the sanhedrin. but anyone who says, 'you fool!' will be in danger of the fire of hell.23"therefore, if you are offering your gift at the altar and there remember that your brother has something against you, 24leave and be reconciled to your brother; then come and offer your gift.25"settle matters quickly with your adversary who is taking you to court. do it while you are still with him on the way, or he may hand you over to the judge, and the judge may hand you over to the officer, and you may be thrown into prison. 26i tell you the truth, you will not get out until you have paid the last penny.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/21/2006 10:31:00 am  
    	
 









	 mt. 5:27-30 "adultery"sermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."john 3:16this is the fifth section in the sermon on the mount. it will be on adultery. i know none of us have to know about this, because this would never cross our minds, right? hmm... read it anyway. have a blessed day.adultry27"you have heard that it was said, 'do not commit adultery.' 28but i tell you that anyone who looks at a woman lustfully has already committed adultery with her in his heart. 29if your right eye causes you to sin, gouge it out and throw it away. it is better for you to lose one part of your body than for your whole body to be thrown into hell. 30and if your right hand causes you to sin, cut it off and throw it away. it is better for you to lose one part of your body than for your whole body to go into hell.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/21/2006 10:28:00 am  
    	
 









	 mt. 5:31-32 "divorce"sermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life." john 3:16this is section six of sermon on the mount. the name of this section is divorce. no matter how good or bad your marriage is at this time, please pay attention to notes provided above. i have been through this, and it is never what you were hoping it would be when it is over. that is because it is never over...divorce31"it has been said, 'anyone who divorces his wife must give her a certificate of divorce.' 32but i tell you that anyone who divorces his wife, except for marital unfaithfulness, causes her to become an adultress, and anyone who marries the divorced woman commits adultry.yes. that was the reason. i would rather not discuss it, however. see? i really recommend you read notes on divorce, before you get married!



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/21/2006 10:25:00 am  
    	
 









	 mt. 5:32-37 "oaths"sermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16this is the seventh section of the sermon on the mount. the title of this section is oaths. if only the world lived true to their word...have a blessed day.oaths33"again, you have heard that it was said to the people long ago, 'do not break your oath, but keep the oaths you have made to the lord.' 34but i tell you, do not swear at all: either by heaven , for it is god's throne; 35or by the earth, for it is his footstool; or by jerusalem, for it is the city of the great king. 36and do not swear by your head, for you cannot make even one hair white or black. 37simply let your 'yes' be 'yes,' and your 'no,' 'no'; anything beyond this comes from the evil one.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/21/2006 10:17:00 am  
    	
 









	 mt. 5:38-42 "an eye for an eye"sermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16this is the eighth section of the sermon on the mount. the title of this section is an eye for an eye. i need to read this one more often. (lol) have a blessed day.an eye for an eye38"you have heard that it was said, 'eye for eye, and tooth for tooth.' 39but i tell you, do not resist an evil person. if someone strikes you on the right cheek, turn to him the other also. 40and if someone wants to sue you and take your tunic, let him have your cloak as well. 41if someone forces you to go one mile, go with him two miles. 42give to the one who asks you, and do not turn away from the one wants to borrow from you. i must be honest. i have a hard time applying this one here and now! i have been through the eye for eye, turning the other cheek, and it did not work. it only escalated the abuse. i'm sorry, but i cannot. please forgive me, jesus. i cannot.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/21/2006 10:04:00 am  
    	
 









	 mt. 5:43-48 "love for enemies"sermon on the mount




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16this is section nine (the last in chapter 5) of the sermon on the mount. the title of this one is i love him...i love him not, (matthew 5:43-48). oops! that is the title of the sermon i just linked to. lol. oh well. have a blessed day.love for enemies43"you have heard that it was said, 'love your neighbor and hate your enemy.' 44but i tell you: love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, 45that you may be sons of your father in heaven. he causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous. 46if you love those who love you, what reward will you get? are not even the tax collectors doing that? 47and if you greet only your brothers, what are you doing more than others? do not even pagans do that? 48be perfect, therefore, as your heavenly father is perfect. just a note: there is more of the sermon on the mount, but this is the end of chapter 5. the sermon goes up to mt. 6:24.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/21/2006 09:34:00 am  
    	
 









	 gen. 40:1-23 "the cupbearer and the baker"
	 



"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16this is a moving chapter. i think sometimes i may read more into into it than i should, so i am just going to let you read what bob deffinbaugh , th.m. has written. he is from bible.org as well, and he has written, "how to get out of the pits, (genesis 40:1-23). have a blessing filled day!the cupbearer and the bakersome time later, the cupbearer and the baker of the king of egypt offended their master, the king of egypt. 2pharaoh was angry with his two officials, the chief cupbearer and the chief baker, 3and put them in custody in the house of the captain of the guard, in the same prison where joseph was confined. 4the captain of the guard assigned them to joseph, and he attended them. after they had been in custody for some time, 5each of the two men--the cupbearer and the baker of the king of egypt, who were being held in prison--had a dream the same night, and each dream had a meaning of its own.  6when joseph came to them the next morning, he saw that they were dejected. 7so he asked pharaoh's officials who were in custody with him in his master's house, "why are your faces so sad today?"  8"we both had dreams," they answered, "but there is no one to interpret them."  then joseph said to them, "do not interpretations belong to god? tell me your dreams."  9so the chief cupbearer told joseph his dream. he said to him, "in my dream i saw a vine in front of me, 10and on the vine were three branches. as soon as it budded, it blossomed, and its clusters rippened into grapes. 11pharaoh's cup was in my hand, and i took the grapes, squeezed them into pharaoh's cup and put the cup in his hand."  12"this is what it means," joseph said to him. "the three branches are three days. 13within three days pharaoh will lift up our head and restore you to your position, and you will  put pharaoh's cup in his hand, just as you used to do when you were his cupbearer. 14but when all goes well with you, remember me and show me kindness; mention me to pharaoh and get me out of this prison. 15for i was forcibly carried off from the land of the hebrews, and even here i have done nothing to deserve being put in a dungeon." 16when the chief baker saw that joseph had given a favorable interpretation, he said to joseph, "i too had a dream: on my head were three baskets of bread. 17in the top basket were all kinds of baked goods for pharaoh, but the birds were eating them out of the basket on my head."  18"this is what it means," joseph said. "the three baskets are threee days. and the birds will eat away your flesh. 19within three days pharaoh will lift off your head and hang you on a tree. and the birds will eat away your flesh." 20now the third day was pharaoh's birthday, and he gave a feast for all his officials. he lifted up the heads of the chief cupbearer and the chief baker in the presence of his officials: 21he restored the chief cupbearer to his positiion, so that he once again put the cup into pharaoh's hand, 22but he hanged the chief baker, just as joseph had said to them in his interpretation.  23the chief cupbearer, however, did not remember joseph; he forgot him.isn't that just the way it seems sometimes? it seems as though god has forgotten us, but alas! he never does. we must learn patience, for he answeres our prayers in his time not ours. shucks! lol



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/21/2006 06:31:00 am  
    	
 





monday, february 20, 2006




	 mt. 4:12-17 "jesus begins to preach"
	 



"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."john 3:16this chapter covers three main themes: verses 12-17 jesus withdraws to galilee, verses 18-22 jesus chooses four disciples, and verses 23-25 jesus teaches, preaches, and heals. it is encompassed in the title, "the commencement of jesus’ ministry," matthew 4:12-25. we will cover the first section in jesus begins to preach today.jesus begins to preach12when jesus heard that john had been put in prison, he returned to galilee. 13leaving nazareth, he went and lived in capernaum, which was by the lake in the area of zebulun and naphtali-- 14to fulfill what was said through the prophet isaiah: 15"land of zebulun and land of naphtali,
the way to the sea, along the jordan,
galilee of the gentiles--
16the people living in darness
have seen a great light;
on those living in the land of the
shadow of death
a light has dawned."17from that time on jesus began to preach, "repent, for the kingdom of heaven is near."



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/20/2006 07:39:00 am  
    	
 









	 mt. 4:18-22 "the calling of the first disciples"
	 



"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16"verses 18-22 jesus chooses four disciples" is section 2 of the 3 sections of the commencement of jesus’ ministry, matthew 4:12-25.the calling of the first disciples
4:18-22--mt 1:16-20; lk 5:2-11; jn 1:35-4218as jesus was walking beside the sea of galilee, he saw two brothers, simon called peter and his brother andrew. they were casting a net into the lake, for they were fishermen. 19"come, follow me," jesus said, "and i will make you fishers of men." 20at once they left their nets and followed him. 21going on from there, he saw two other brothers, james, son of zebedee and his brother john. they were in a boat with their father zebedee, preparing their nets. jesus called them, 22and immediately they left the boat and their father and followed him. wow. imagine if we all had that immediacy? how do you follow jesus? when you feel like it, or because you love him and desire to all the time? hmm...



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/20/2006 07:27:00 am  
    	
 









	 mt. 4:23-25 "jesus heals the sick"
	 



"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life." john 3:16"verses 23-25 jesus teaches, preaches, and heals" is the final section of this service in bible.org. have a wonderful day!jesus heals the sick23jesus went throughout galilee, teaching in their synagogues, preaching the good news of the kingdom, and healing every disease and sickness among the people. 24news about him spread all over syria, and people brought to him all who were ill with various diseases, those suffering severe pain, the demon possessed, those having seizures, and the paralyzed, and he healed them. 25large crowds from galilee, the decapolis, jerusalem, judea and the region across the jordon followed him.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/20/2006 07:09:00 am  
    	
 









	 gen. 39:1-23 ""joseph and potiphar's wife"
	 



"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."john 3:16this is a chapter that makes me angry at eve. not that i blame everything on her, maybe (?), but our innocence is gone. why do women feel the need to be like men? why lower ourselves? we are special, too! anyway, in this chapter, bible.org has a very good introduction as well as a good study of joseph's character. please read it. while some things may not seem fair, in the end it will brighten your day. have a blessing filled day. share his word.now joseph had been taken down to egypt. potiphar, an egyptian who was one of pharaoh's officials, the captain of the guard, bought him from the ishmaelites who had taken him there.  2the lord was with joseph and he prospered and he lived in the house of his egyptian master. 3when his master saw that the lord was with him and that the lord gave him success in everything he did, 4joseph found favor in his eyes and became his attendant. potiphar put him in charge of his household, and he entrusted to his care everything he owned. 5from the time he put him in charge of his household and of all that he owned, the lord blessed the household of the egyptian because of joseph. the blessing of the lord was on everything potiphar had, both in the house and in the field. 6so he left in joseph's care everything he had; with joseph in charge, he did not concern himself with anything except the food he ate. now joseph was well-built and handsome, 7and after a while his master's wife took notice of joseph and said, "come to bed with me!"  8but he refused. "with me in charge," he told her, "my master does not concern himself with anything in the house; everything he owns he has entrusted to my care. 9no one is greater in this house than i am. my master has withheld nothing from me except you, because you are his wife. how then could i do such a wicked thing and sin against god?" 10and though she spoke to joseph day after day, he refused to go to bed with her or even be with her.  11one day he went into the house to attend to his duties, and none of the household servants was inside. 12she caught him by his cloak and said, "come to bed with me!" but he left his cloak in her hand and ran out of the house.  13when she saw that he had left his cloak in her hand and had run out of the house, 14she called her household servants. "look," she said to them, "this hebrew has been brought to us to make sport of us! he came in here to sleep with me, but i screamed. 15when he heard me scream for help, he left his cloak beside me and ran out of the house."  16she kept his cloak beside her until his master came home. 17then she told him this story: "that hebrew slave you brought us came to me to make sport of me. 18but as soon as i screamed for help, he left his cloak beside me and ran out of the house."  19when his master heard the story his wife told him, saying, "this is how your slave treated me," he burned with anger. 20joseph's master took him and put him in prison, the place where the king's prisoners were confined.  but while joseph was there in the prison, 21the lord was with him; he showed him kindness and granted him favor in the eyes of the prison warden. 22so the warden put joseph in charge of all those held in the prison and he was made responsible for all that was done there. 23the warden paid no attention to anything under joseph's care, because the lord was with joseph and gave him success in whatever he did.can you imagine if we all presented ourselves to the world as servants as the lord, how much more good could be accomplished? this is the message i receive from these verses. also, no matter what our circumstance, trust in him and do our best. yes, this is a very valuable lesson. have a blessed day.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/20/2006 05:24:00 am  
    	
 





sunday, february 19, 2006




	 gen. 38 judah and tamar




"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."john 3:16today we shall study chapter 38. bible.org has written a wonderful study on "the skeleton in judah’s closet," (genesis 38:1-30). i implore you to read this extra material. it is of great help and understanding. especially in this chapter.judah and tamarat that time, judah left his brothers and went down to stay with a man of adullam named hirah. 2there judah met the daughter of a canaanite man named shua. he married her and lay with her; 3she became pregnant and gave birth to a son, who was named er. 4she conceived again and gave birth to a son and named him onan. 5she gave birth to still another son and named him shelah. it was at kezib that she gave birth to him. 6judah got a wife for er, his firstborn, and her name was tamar. 7but er, judah's firstborn, was wicked in the lord's sight; so the lord put him to death. 8then judah said to onan, "lie with your brother's wife and fulfill your duty to her as a brother-in-law to produce offspring for your brother." 9but onan knew that the offspring would not be his; so whenever he lay with his brother's wife, he spilled his semen on the ground to keep from producing offspring for his brother.10what he did was wicked in the lord's sight; so he put him to death also. 11judah then said to his daughter-in-law tamar, "live as a widow in your father's house until my son shelah grows up." for he thought, "he may die too, just like his brothers." so tamar went to live in her father's house. 12after a long time judah's wife, the daughter of shua, died. when judah had recovered from his grief, he went up to timnah, to the men who were shearing his sheep, and his friend hirah the adullamite went with him. 13when tamar was told, "your father-in-law is on his way to timnah to shear his sheep," 14she took off her widow's clothers, covered herself with a veil to disguise herself, and then sat down at the entrance to enaim, which is on the road to timnah. for she saw that, though shelah had now grown up, she had not been given to him as his wife. 15when judah saw her, he thought she was a prostitute, for she had covered her face. 16not realizing that she was his daughter-in-law, he went over to her by the roadside and said, "come now, let me sleep with you." "and what will you give me to sleep with you?" she asked. 17"i'll send you a young goat from my flock," he said. "will you give me something as a pledge until you send it?" she asked. 18he said, "what pledge should i give you?" "your seal and its cord, and the staff in your hand," she answered. so he gave them to her and slept with her, and she became pregnant by him. 19after she left, she took off her veil and put on her widow's clothes again. 20meanwhile judah sent the young goat by his friend the adullamite in order to get his pledge back from the woman, but he did not find her. 21he asked the men who lived there, "where is the shrine prostitute who was beside the road at enaim?" "there hasn't been any shrine prostitute here," they said. 22so he went back to judah and said, "i didn't find her. besides, the men who lived there said, 'there hasn't been any shrine prostitute here.' " 23then judah said, "let her keep what she has, or we will become a laughing stock. after all, i did send her this young goat, but you didn't find her." 24about three months later judah was told, "your daughter-in-law tamar is guilty of prostitution, and as a result she is now pregnant." judah said, "bring her out and have her burned to death!" 25as she was being brought out, she sent a message to her father-in-law. "i am pregnant by the man who owns these, she said. and she added, "see if you recognize whose seal and cord and staff these are." 26judah recognized them and said, "she is more righteous than i, since i wouldn't give her to my son shelah." and he did not sleep with her again. 27when the time came for her to give birth, there were twin boys in her womb. 28as she was giving birth, one of them put out his hand, so the midwife took a scarlet thread and tied it on his wrist and said, "this one came out first." 29but when he drew back his hand, his brother came out, and she said,"so this is how you have broken out!" and he was named perez. 30then his brother, who had the scarlet thread on his wrist, came out and he was given the name zerah.



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/19/2006 11:46:00 am  
    	
 








	 
	 jerusalem prayer team 2/19/2006
	 
    


"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
john 3:16new mi chief to knesset: iran aims to destroy israel

iran's goal is to eliminate the state of israel, major general amos yadlin, the new head of military intelligence, told the knesset foreign affairs and defense committee.
read more

no negotiations with hamas-led pa

speaking before the conference of presidents of major american jewish organizations in jerusalem on tuesday, acting prime minister olmert said, "the day abbas will appoint a hamas representative to head a government, we will review all contacts" with the authority. "we will not negotiate and we will not deal with a pa that will be dominated wholly or partly by a terrorist organization," he said. (ha'aretz) read more

ahmadinejad: israel "will be removed"

iranian president ahmadinejad said on saturday that the palestinians and "other nations" will eventually remove israel from the region. (dpa/bangkok post)
read more
iraqi general: wmd went to syria

ali ibrahim al-tikriti, a personal friend of saddam hussein, commanded units that dealt with chemical and biological weapons.

in a recent interview, tikriti said: "i know saddam's weapons are in syria due to certain military deals that were made going as far back as the late 1980s that dealt with the event that either [of the] capitals were threatened with being overrun by an enemy nation." (global politician) read more

prayer priorities

pray for president bush. pray that god will give him wisdom in the choices he makes, and the advisors to whom he listens. pray for our members of congress, supreme court justices, and state and local officials. (i timothy 2:1-2)

please continue to pray acting prime minister ehud olmert. pray the god will give him wise advisors. pray for the peace of jerusalem according to psalm 122:6.

pray for the families of those killed in iraq and afghanistan this week. pray that the holy spirit will comfort them, and give supernatural peace. (philippians 4:7)

pray for the safety of our troops in iraq, afghanistan, and around the world. pray that god will protect and guide them daily. (psalm 5:11)

pray for revival worldwide according to ii chronicles 7:14. (i thessalonians 5:17)

pray for the victims of anti-semitism worldwide who have been touched by the hatred of bigotry. pray that god will heal the wounds, both physical and psychological. only god can heal the hurting hearts. (psalm 140:6)

may you be blessed by the lord, the maker of heaven and earth. the highest heavens belong to the lord, but the earth he has given to man. it is not the dead who praise the lord, those who go down to silence; it is we who extol the lord, both now and forevermore. praise the lord. (psalm 115:15-18)



posted by rosemary welch @ 2/19/2006 12:51:00 am  
    	
 














about me

name:  rosemary welch 
location:  riverside county, ca, united states 
i am a christian conservative woman who is pretty straight-forward. do i ever get upset? yes. just give me a minute or two, then try again. ;)

may you walk in his peace and joy, and always be free because of the men and women who care enough to defend this country. god bless them, their families, and you.
view my complete profile

links

abc news
bible history
bible.org
bible.org, genesis
bible writing, pebblepie
blackfive
centcom homepage
christian apologetics and research ministry
dod daily news
cnn
elmer's brothers
fox news
ha'artz
iraq the model
jorge letona, guatemala, c.a.
life after children
loving god holy at wordpress
locusts and honey
mudville gazette
pebblepie
two jews, three opinions
google news

previous posts

to comment, go to my new site
please use the link i have provided, because i onl...
i have moved
justic carr says ten commandments can stay
i will be moving
he is risen! hallelujah!
"for god so loved the world that he gave his one a...
i beg your pardon
hello 4/2/2006
gen. 48:1-22 "manasseh and ephraim"

archives

january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006














 



 




