












home - the reminder











































































we are hometown news.





search for:





















local news





 


agawamamherstchicopeeeast longmeadoweasthamptonenfieldfranklin hilltownsgranby 


hadleyhampdenhampshire hilltownshilltownsholyokelongmeadownorthampton 


somerssouth hadleysouthwickspringfieldwest springfieldwestfieldwilbraham 
 

print editions





 


agawam / west springfield reminderchicopee heraldeast longmeadow reminder 


hampshire reminderholyoke reminderludlow / monson reminder 


springfield reminderthe original pennysaver 
 

magazines





 


primego local 


bring it homesavvy after 55 
 

special sections





 


puzzle corner 


honor roll 
 

special sections





 


all things springhello summer!all that's fall! 


holiday gift guideimpact 


community guides 
 

opinioncirculation





 


request newspaper deliveryagawam / west springfield reminder

agawam, ma 01001west springfield, ma 01089 
chicopee herald

chicopee, ma 01013chicopee, ma 01020 
east longmeadow reminder

east longmeadow, ma 01028enfield, ct 06082hampden, ma 01036longmeadow, ma 01106somers, ct 06071wilbraham, ma 01095 
 


hampshire reminder

amherst 01002easthampton, ma 01027florence, ma 01062hadley, ma 01035hatfield, ma 01038leeds, ma 01053leverett, ma 01054northampton, ma 01060north amherst, ma 01059shutesbury, ma 01072southampton, ma 01073sunderland, ma 01375whately, ma 01093 
holyoke reminder

holyoke, ma 01040granby, ma 01033south hadley, ma 01075 
 


ludlow / monson reminder

belchertown, ma 01007brimfield, ma 01010ludlow, ma 01056monson, ma 01057palmer, ma 01069three rivers, ma 01080ware, ma 01082 
the pennysaver

westfield, ma 01085southwick, ma 01077huntington, ma 01050granville, ma 01034blandford, ma 01008russell, ma 01071 
springfield reminder

springfield, ma 01103springfield, ma 01104springfield, ma 01108springfield, ma 01109springfield, ma 01129 
 
 

our podcastadvertisingabout





 


our historyfrequently asked questionscontact 


our staff

administrative staffcirculation staffgraphics staffnews staffsales staff 
 
 




















local news

agawam
amherst
belchertown
chicopee
east longmeadow
easthampton
enfield
franklin hilltowns
granby
hadley
hampden
hampshire hilltowns
hilltowns
holyoke
longmeadow
ludlow
monson
northampton
palmer
somers
south hadley
southwick
springfield
ware
west springfield
westfield
wilbraham


magazines

prime
go local
bring it home


special sections

puzzle corner
honor roll


opinion
circulation
our podcast
advertising
about

our history
frequently asked questions
our staff

administrative staff
circulation staff
graphics staff
news staff
sales staff


contact














 















 feb 14, 2025  |  easthampton, hampshire county, local headlines, local news tenants association shines light on spike to renteasthampton — an easthampton apartment complex recently saw its owners implement a 40% plus rent increase — with only 10 days notice for residents to sign the new lease with the new rate effective starting feb. 1 — causing the tenants of the building and advocates for affordable housing to speak out and shine a light on the situation.
read more   feb 14, 2025  |  hampden county, local headlines, local news, springfield springfield city council extends residency requirement for municipal employees to two yearsspringfield — the city council approved an ordinance that gives most newly hired municipal employees two years to relocate to springfield instead of the one year that was previously set in place.
read more   feb 14, 2025  |  hampden county, local headlines, local news, springfield curran asks sarno administration to initiate public safety complex feasibility studyspringfield — springfield city councilor sean curran believes now is the right time for the city to initiate a feasibility study for a new public safety complex.
read more   
 


view more











 springfield city council approves funding for new police technology

springfield — in an attempt to bring the police department’s technology into the 21st century, the city council approved a funding package of $7.2 million to upgrade the department’s technology.
 
 read more 








 springfield city council passes resolution in support of all liberians living in u.s.

springfield — the city council unanimously passed a resolution during its feb. 10 meeting that supports the inclusion of all liberians living in the united states facing mass deportation and an emergency injunctive relief lawsuit.
 
 read more 








 springfield st. patrick’s committee names dziedzic colleen

springfield — on saturday, feb. 8, the springfield st. patrick’s parade committee announced that ayslin dziedzic of longmeadow, would be this year’s colleen.
 
 read more 








 95-year-old retires from lps after 50 years in the district

longmeadow — it is not every day that state legislators praise and celebrate someone for doing their job. then again, most people do not spend 50 years working for the same school department.
 
 read more 








 hwrsd, towns plead case for more ed funding

wilbraham — each year, when putting together a budget, the hampden-wilbraham regional school committee invites leadership from both towns and the state legislators who represent them to a budget roundtable.
 
 read more 








 chicopee’s battle of the badges returns for ninth year

chicopee — the chicopee police and fire departments will lace up their skates to compete in the ninth annual battle of the badges charity hockey game.
 
 read more 








 holyoke, chicopee get ready to name their respective colleen

with about a month to go until st. patrick’s day festivities in holyoke, chicopee and holyoke will both be hosting events where they will name a colleen and court to represent their city.
 
 read more 








 agawam colleen all smiles as childhood dream comes true

agawam — when julia nicosia realized she had been selected as agawam’s 2025 colleen, she broke into a huge smile. it was a dream come true.
 
 read more 








 new agawam police station takes shape with upgrades

agawam — although it may not look like much now, the building at 1070 suffield st. in agawam is well on its way to becoming a modern police station, capable of providing for the town’s public safety needs now, and in the years to come.
 
 read more 








 town halts berkshire avenue land donation process

southwick — when the town was conducting a survey on a small parcel of land on middle pond that its owner wanted to donate to the town, it found the property’s deed was “convoluted” and has now stopped the process of trying to accept it.
 
 read more 







trent levakisnorthampton appoints new division of community care headnorthampton — the city of northampton has announced the appointment of donaven “don” gibbs as the new director of the division of community care within the city’s department of health and human services.
 ryan feyrespringfield city council backs resolution in support of school bus camera billspringfield — the springfield city council unanimously approved a resolution in support of a bill signed by gov. maura healey in early january that aims to enhance the safety of school children who ride the bus daily.
 tyler garnetchicopee school committee discusses time change and potential repairschicopee — at the feb. 5 school committee meeting, the committee discussed a potential time change for its regular meetings going forward and the massachusetts school building authority accelerated repair program.
 amy porterplan for fort meadow preschool move presented to westfield school committeewestfield — as promised, superintendent stefan czaporowski and members of the central administration team gave an update to the school committee on feb. 3 about the plan to move the fort meadow program into munger hill and highland avenue elementary schools and reconfigure the department’s preschool program.
 ryan feyregonzalez announces bid for ward 1 council seatspringfield — election season is officially underway in springfield as current school committee member joesiah gonzalez announced that he is running for the ward 1 city council seat, which will be up for grabs later this november.
 trent levakishampshire hope’s new coordinator ‘grateful’ for opportunitynorthampton — reminder publishing connected with new hampshire hope coordinator lauren kelly who is continuing to settle into her role for the northampton department of health and human services after taking over in january.
      




local headlines



tenants association shines light on spike to rent  springfield city council extends residency requirement for municipal employees to two years  curran asks sarno administration to initiate public safety complex feasibility study  residents frustrated over l project easements, communication  safe streets for all grant money to be used in chicopee after delay   
 















 trent levakisstate rep. sabadosa looks ahead to 2025 and beyondnorthampton — in following up with local state legislators, reminder publishing spoke with state rep. lindsay sabadosa (d-northampton) to discuss the year ahead, after her reelection to the role last november.
  tyler garnetholyoke city council approves resolution decrying comedian’s puerto rico jokeholyoke — during the jan. 21 city council meeting, the city council unanimously approved a resolution presented by city councilor juan anderson-burgos condemning the statement made by comedian tony hinchcliffe at a donald trump political rally in october 2024.
  tyler garnetchicopee city hall access plan changes with renovationschicopee — chicopee announced the beginning of construction on the second phase of improvements to chicopee city hall and city hall annex are set to begin and construction activities will cause for a temporary access plan.
  sarah heinonenlocal memorializes travel in exhibit at west springfield librarywest springfield — whether it is far flung locales or the hidden gems of the northeast, travel encourages people to preserve memories by photographing their experiences. the west springfield library has put the travel photographs and memories of resident branden bruso on display throughout the month of february.
  mike lydickagawam piloting boston hospital school health programagawam — a new partnership between agawam schools and boston children’s hospital will help increase access to support services and improve behavioral health outcomes for the district’s students.
  tyler garnetwingstop officially opens its next location in chicopeechicopee — the city of chicopee hosted a ribbon cutting ceremony on jan. 31 to officially welcome wingstop so its community.
      























magazines














    
















dining & entertainment


miasha leelocal theater celebrates 40 years of curtain callsludlow — on march 22, exit 7 theater will have its 40th celebration gala at the ludlow country club from 6-10 p.m. the gala will include a red-carpet event. guests must be 18 and up to attend. tickets are $60 per person. there will be a dinner buffet, dancing, photo booth and multiple raffles.
  ryan feyrefat tuesday jazz night to capture mardi gras spiritspringfield — people seeking a taste of the mardi gras spirit can find it at 52 sumner ave. on feb. 22.
  ryan feyrewhat i’m eating: sweet, savory and succulent chicken and waffleswilbraham — if my increasingly fragile stomach allowed, i could have chicken and waffles every other day for the rest of my life. when done right, the meal is that good.
 matt conwaywhat i’m watching: a romantic comedy extravaganzamy girlfriend and i recently embarked on an epic quest — a binge-watching voyage through the schmaltzy romantic comedy world. many may jeer at the thought of rom-coms; they are labeled as disposable, artificial and contrived by countless detractors.
  trent levakissuffield players to present ‘a few good men’suffield — starting in february the suffield players will present a production of aaron sorkin’s acclaimed court room drama “a few good men” at mapleton hall.
 provisionsprovisions picks: two big california reds from bedrockas we enter the cold, dark days of winter, it is time to talk about a category that has become somewhat unfashionable lately: big california reds.
      








opinion






lauren lebelnew role, new area, new beginnings for me at the remindersince starting at the reminder, i dreamed of one day having my own opinion column in the paper. well, it looks like that day is finally here and i could not be more excited!
 chris mazasenator is right — it’s time for legislature to reassess prioritiesfood, housing (both cost and inventory) and heating costs are among basic living expenses putting a squeeze on middle class families. meanwhile, school districts and departments are threatening significant reductions and  funding for roads has remained stagnant while inflation has not.
 letters to the editorlaurel street massdot projecti am writing this letter to bring community awareness to the massdot/longmeadow project. i am one of the few residents...
 letters to the editorquestions about zeller’s resignationthe recent resignation of longmeadow board of assessors chairperson michael zeller in his letter to the reminder raises...
 letters to the editorvote of no confidencemr. michael zeller recently posted a letter explaining why he resigned from the longmeadow board of assessors after...
 dennis hackettchange is hard but i’m trying to embrace it this timefor me, this move really represents a homecoming, as my entire life has been spent between springfield, hampden and wilbraham.
 g. michael dobbsafter nearly 25 years, i will shut up — well, sort ofback in november of 1999, i applied and was hired to be the principal reporter and editor of the chicopee herald. the buendo brothers, then owner of reminder publications, had bought the herald in 1998 and there was a job opening when the initial editor left.
 letters to the editorconcerns over safety of ‘clean energy’ battery storage facilitiesmassachusetts should be proactive as new concerns over the safety and environmental impacts of “clean energy” battery storage facilities after numerous fires at these facilities have led governors in california and new york to call for investigations into the safety and risks associated with this new technology.
      




 













followfollowfollowfollow



proudly covering
agawam, amherst, blandford, chester, chesterfield, chicopee, cummington, east longmeadow, easthampton, enfield, goshen, granby, granville, hadley, hampden, hatfield, holyoke, huntington, leverett, longmeadow, montgomery, northampton, otis, pelham, russell, shutesbury, somers, south hadley, southampton, southwick, springfield, sunderland, tolland, west springfield, westfield, westhampton, whately, williamsburg, wilbraham, and worthington







copyright © 2025 reminder publishing, llc. all rights reserved. 

privacy policy

website by envision marketing group



 












































