







sugarland women's health center - sugar land & sw houston premier ob gyn








 
 




home
obstetrics
gynecology
ultrasound
about us





our site

office hours
directions
patient forms
fee schedule
frequently asked questions


links





 
 
 
 
 


patient letters








 


welcome!
    thank you for visiting our web site.  we are a small medical practice in sugar land, texas (sw houston) specializing in women's health care.   from routine annual exam to complex gynecologic condition; from normal non-interventional pregnancy to high risk obstetrics, our  mission is to provide the best quality ob/gyn care in a comfortable and friendly family oriented environment.   we believe that in order to achieve that quality of care, we must have the time to establish a trusting relationship with our patients.  our position in a small practice with a limited number of patients affords us that time.   the five minute visits with a waiting room packed full of patients are not conducive to good patient-physician communication, much less good health care.   
    we make it a priority to establish a personal relationship with each of our patients. our philosophy is that medical decisions regarding your health should be made by the patient-physician team. our goal is to provide you with the information and education to make informed decisions.  our job is to apply our medical training, technical expertise, and the latest medical technology available to carry out those decisions.
    whether it is your birthing experience, women's health maintenance, or gynecologic conditions, we strive to provide you with the best care possible - the care that can only come from unrushed personal contact with your own obstetrician/ gynecologist.   we believe that in taking the time to develop a long term trusting relationships, we can better achieve our goal of optimum patient satisfaction as well as physicians' and staff's job satisfaction. 
    you should not have to see only the nurse when you visit your doctor.  you should not have to wait hours in a double or triple booked waiting room for your appointment.  and, you do not have to wait months for your next appointment. we want to treat you the way we want to be treated.  of course this means that we will not be able to take more new patients during certain months, but that is the only way we can be sure that we are giving our current patients adequate attention. 
    additionally, we believe that to achieve good quality care, we must not only have sufficient time to spend with our patients, but we must also be current with the latest medical literature, and have at our disposal the latest available medical technology.  to that end, our new state of the art facility is equipped with the most advanced equipments available in obstetrics and gynecology today:

electronic medical record
live 3d/4d ultrasound
screening 2d ultrasound - to screen for congenital fetal anomaly
color doppler ultrasound - for the evaluation of fetal distress    
fetal non-stress test - for the evaluation of fetal wellbeing
sonohysterography/ hysterosonography - for the evaluation of uterine pathology
colposcopy - for diagnosing cervical dysplasia and cervical cancer
leep - loop electrical excisional procedure - for the treatment of precancerous cervical dysplasia
complex urodynamics - for the evaluation of urinary incontinence
thermachoice balloon endometrial ablation - for the reduction of heavy, irregular, or painful menses
essure tubal ligation - for in office permanent sterilization

    and of course, we also provide comprehensive women's health care maintenance and preventive medicine from annual exam, to birth control, to postmenopausal care.
    in summary, the most advanced technology backed by caring physicians with good medical expertise, sufficient time for thoroughness, and well educated patients make for good medicine.  we have no desire to become the biggest, the busiest, or even the most profitable practice in sugar land.  we want to build a comfortable place where our physicians and staffs can derive daily satisfaction in caring for our patients. 
    we hope that in the following pages, you will find the information you need to know a little more about us and about the services we provide.  do feel free to call our office or email us with any additional questions.
    hope to hear from you soon,
    dr. cuong m. nguyen, diplomat of the american board of obstetrics and gynecology

 
 
 



sugarland women's health center
14090 sw freeway, suite 101,
    sugar land, tx 77478
281-313-1193
 



