














	prophecy code | amazing facts










































about us













about pastor doug

bio
speaking schedule
ministry newsletter
books written by pastor doug
pastor doug's facebook page











about amazing facts

history of amazing facts
belief statement
mission statement
employment opportunities
why i give











contact us

   6615 sierra college blvd, granite bay, ca, 95746
   (916) 434-3880
email us
share your testimony
share a prayer request
ask a bible question








news & features








articles



news
the source for everything happening at amazing facts.








af blog
understanding the latest news through a biblical lens.








changed lives
heart-touching stories of lives impacted by the ministry. 








pastor doug's newsletter
special insight and inspiration straight from the president’s desk.








inside report magazine
amazing facts’ quarterly guide featuring news, articles, bible answers, and more.








events



prophecy seminars
understand bible prophecy and more at these local events in your area.








evangelism training
featuring courses and local seminars on how to be a better witness in your community.








pastor doug speaking
the latest information on all of pastor doug’s upcoming events.








live church events
join pastor doug’s church for special music, inspiring sermons, and empowering church training.








resources



af i-tools
spread the word using these free digital resources from the ministry, including plug-ins, banners, and more.








our other websites
fast access to all of amazing facts’ english and foreign-language bible-based websites.










bible study













get daily bread





daily devotional
sign up for your daily dose of spiritual insight and encouragement from amazing facts.








verse of the day
an inspiring passage from scripture delivered to your inbox every day!








bible reading plan
a guide for walking through all of scripture in just a year—with catch-up days built in.













deepen your walk


get to know jesus
god's promises
scripture picture gallery
scripture pictures by books of the bible


are you grieving?
are your burdens heavy?
are you lonely?
are you struggling with guilt?










study tools




free online bible school

															the world-renowned amazing facts bible school will help you know god’s word better than ever.
															
enroll in online course
enroll in correspondence course








bible study guides
all 27 lessons of our popular bible lesson series available at the click of your mouse.








free book library
access dozens of amazing facts topical scripture books from pastor doug and others.










media library








watch



   aftv
amazing facts 24/7 television station featuring the best in bible study streamed lived and on-demand.








sabbath school study hour
helping you get the most out of your sabbath school quarterly every week.








amazing facts with doug batchelor
our flagship program features the most informative and inspiring messages from pastor doug and more.








pastor doug's weekly message
worship with pastor doug’s church each week, featuring beautiful music and life-changing bible study.








listen



   amazing facts radio


															listen to all of amazing facts audio programming whenever and wherever you go. 
															
download af radio app for iphone or android








bible answers live
pastor doug’s worldwide radio program will help you find answers to your biggest bible questions.








podcasts & rss feeds
on-demand amazing facts audio featuring a wealth of spiritual guidance and inspiration.









more options



   all archived programs
access to our entire media library in one easy-to-use and easy-to-search location.





aftv program schedule
ways to watch
free offers
station locator
broadcast in your area!
programs by scripture
programs by topic
programs by language







donate  













ways to give

 donate now! - our greatest need
latest opportunities
donate by project
donate monthly












gift impact





changed lives (videos)
see how your gifts changed another life.








seasons of opportunity (videos)
in every time and season, there is an opportunity to share hope in christ.








partners in evangelism
see how your gifts made a lasting difference recently.








your annual impact
learn how your faithful giving helped thousands know christ this last year.








year-end review video review 













partnership choices

give through a will or trust
charitable gift annuities
give stocks and bonds
give real estate
give a vehicle









store





visit afbookstore.com




pastor doug's books
discover all the informative and inspiring books from the speaker and president of amazing facts.








sharing materials
witness to friends and family with these powerhouse resources on a wide variety of biblical topics.










kids products
products that will appeal to the young and young at heart.








devotionals
strengthen your walk with christ with these life-changing devotionals from your friends at amazing facts.










bibles
dig into the word and become a bible expert with amazing facts line of study bibles and more.








clearance items
these deals on incredible witnessing and bible resources don’t last long! get yours before supplies run out.










special events
af latino


















  watchlistenreadsearch media by »collectionscripturetopiclanguagesearch








prophecy code
get a bible-based perspective about revelation, the rapture, the last days, the antichrist, and the end of the world. are you ready for the future? you can be with the prophecy code: bible secrets unlocked!
- download bible numbers pdf
- download bible symbols pdfduration: 60 minutes




media library  |  prophecy code  |  find us in your area using our station locator

program documents for the prophecy code
keys to bible symbols    |   
keys to bible numbers program listings for prophecy code




title
description





					
						1.
					
					
prophecy's final countdown


this introductory program to the "prophecy code" seminar lays out the importance of prophecy and pri...



					
						2.
					
					
revelation's rapture


what does the bible say about christ's second coming? when and how will it happen? will it be a secr...



					
						3.
					
					
the dragon’s egg


how did evil originate? where did sin come from? did god create a devil? who is lucifer and where di...



					
						4.
					
					
blood on the throne


revelation 5 speaks about a scroll that only the lamb of god can open. this gospel message is repeat...



					
						6.
					
					
the two witnesses


who are the two witnesses in revelation? there are lots of interpretations. which is right? this ser...



					
						7.
					
					
the richest caveman


this is the personal testimony of pastor doug batchelor called "the richest caveman." born to wealth...



					
						8.
					
					
history's greatest hoax


an issue at the end of time will focus on worship. the beast of revelation 13 seeks to force all to ...



					
						9.
					
					
revelation reveals the antichrist


who is the antichrist? revelation 13 actually speaks of two beasts, not one. antichrist is a power t...



					
						10.
					
					
666 and the mark of the beast


is 666 the mark of the beast? what or who is the beast? what does the prophecy in revelation 13 mean...



					
						11.
					
					
usa in bible prophecy


this seminar speaks about babylon spoken of in revelation 13, 14 and 17. who is the woman in who sit...



					
						12.
					
					
drowning the old man


don't save the drowning man! wait, what? it's true. there is a bible verse—in fact, many—about this ...



					
						13.
					
					
deadly delusions


what does the bible teach about what happens when we die? do we go straight to heaven, hell, or some...



					
						14.
					
					
the lake of fire


what does the bible teach about hell? is the devil in charge of hell? the bible gives us solemn warn...



					
						15.
					
					
the devil chained


what does the bible teach about the millennium? when does this 1,000 years of peace begin? where wil...



					
						16.
					
					
god's health plan


does the bible talk about health? is it something important for christians to consider? there is a c...



					
						17.
					
					
clothed with light


who is the woman described in revelation 12 who is clothed in light? we are to be the bride of chris...



					
						18.
					
					
the truth about israel's 144,000


who are the 144,000? are they a literal group of people or a representative group? what the 12 apost...



					
						19.
					
					
above the crowd


this lesson focuses on helping people see the importance of making a total commitment to god, steppi...



					
						20.
					
					
the lion and the lamb


is there a heaven? is there life out there? can we live forever and is jesus really preparing a plac...























featured pages

  media library 
  daily devotional 
  free book library 
  bible study guides 
  god's promises 
  donate 
  employment opportunities 
  planned giving 





recent articles







opening blind eyes


 






aviation disasters: finding faith in tragedy













©
amazing facts international6615 sierra college blvdgranite bay, ca 95746


				amazing facts is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization
				phone #(916) 434-3880  |  tax id# 82-2966470
terms of use
  |  privacy statement
  |  info@amazingfacts.org



facebook
whatsapp
telegram
email
print
copy










































