

































































winston-salem journal | breaking news | | read winston-salem news, sports, entertainment, politics, classifieds





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















35°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists




sports


high school



college



asu



wssu



wfu



professional



betting



north carolina betting



lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



dining & drinks



contests



comics



games & puzzles



play



announcements



people



travel



religion calendar



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



faith



sponsored content



magazines


winston-salem monthly



carolina weddings magazine




join the community


news tip



share a video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



weekly ads



special sections



archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



today's deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



amazon echo / alexa



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

homes









35°
clear
























        
        
            top seeds advance to championship games of cpc 4-a tournament

the no. 1 davie county girls will take on no. 2 east forsyth for the girls championship, and the no. 1 west forsyth boys will take on no. 2 mount tabor in boys championship. both games are scheduled for friday at reagan.

















        
        
            winter weather advisory issued for forsyth, guilford counties

gov. josh stein declares state of emergency in north carolina as its residents brace for wednesday's winter storm that will produce snow, ice and cold temperatures.

















        
        
            'threat actors' identified as cause of lee enterprises' newspaper disruptions

lee enterprises inc. said in tuesday's regulatory filing a preliminary investigation determined that among affected operations "are encrypted critical applications and certain files." lee said it "anticipates a phased recovery over the next several weeks."

















        
        
            ws/fcs will move to remote learning on wednesday rather than miss another day

school will be in session for students in winston-salem/forsyth county schools on wednesday, but the buildings will be empty. 

















        
        
            two things: fed up crystal towers residents pled for overdue repairs; protestors make themselves heard

residents of crystal towers ask city council for help with long overdue plumbing repairs.maintenance issues have been plaguing the 50-year-old public housing high rise apartments for years.

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            ws/fcs breaks ground on new brunson elementary school

the new brunson will be the first public school in the state to be built on a brownfield.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                the latest


















        
        
            novant takes interim title off forsyth medical center president, creates triad president position

novant health inc. said tuesday it is fleshing out its expansion strategy from a regional management perspective that will include a new triad president, as well as taking the interim title off forsyth medical center's top executive.




















        
        
            novant boldly presents plan to become leading southeast healthcare system

novant health inc. pitch to investors features two ambitious initiatives: the first: tripling annual revenue from $10 billion to $30 billion; the second: becoming the "southeast's leading regional health system" beyond the carolinas to include alabama, florida, georgia, mississippi and tennessee.




















        
        
            winston-salem man was beaten before being kidnapped and shot to death. state lawmaker's grandson among those charged in killing

the robbers' also kidnapped the victim's son and left him on the side of a road.




















        
        
            two winston-salem women wounded in shooting on dalton street

two winston-salem women were shot and wounded sunday in the city's northwestern section.





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            trump admin cuts fda staff, targeting food, medical device reviewers




















        
        
            ukraine rejects us-russia talks as moscow says no nato peacekeepers




















        
        
            russia-ukraine war: zelensky pleads for 'fair' ukraine talks involving europe




















        
        
            us authorities continuing investigation into passenger jet and army helicopter crash, ap explains












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: highlights from 3a and 4a state indoor track and field championships



















        
        
            parker friedrichsen helps lead wake forest to big road win at smu on saturday night

he played major minutes after cam hildreth was out with a foot injury




















        
        
            alley hart, a former wake forest basketball star, has died

the guard from kinston helped the demon deacons to the acc regular-season championship in 1961 and an elite eight appearance 





















        
        
            photos: wake forest falls to florida state, 72-70, in men's basketball












                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            transforming challenges into opportunities: business insights from norman cooling

contributor content. the ability to embrace change depends on clear decision-making and a willingness to take calculated risks. by balancing agility with preparation, companies can set themselves up for success in unpredictable environments.












partner








        
        
            where are you getting your information from?

provided content. you can use google, ai-powered tools, social media platforms, or a combination that benefits from the strengths of each; the key is using these tools thoughtfully, staying curious and skeptical, and ultimately prioritizing accuracy over convenience.












contributor








        
        
            crush your fitness resolutions with these 14 tools

contributor content. if you’re ready to crush your fitness resolutions, explore these game-changing products that can make your routine easier and set you up for long-term success.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            bailey



                                        5041 windsbury ridge road, clemmons, nc 27012
                                    






















        
        
            secca



                                        750 marguerite drive, winston salem, nc 27106
                                    






















        
        
            office evolution



                                        806 green valley road, greensboro, nc 27408
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















banking financial





        
        
            bank ozk - winston salem






































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


carolina weddings magazine

winston-salem magazine

contests

newsletters

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

media kit

join our team

become a carrier

licensing

curated commerce

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        winston-salem journal, 418 n. marshall street winston-salem, nc 27101
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























