




the soft parade-tribute to the doors


















































































 


























home
about us
events

past events


media

photo gallery
videos


booking/contact
testimonials
 
































home
about us
events

past events


media

photo gallery
videos


booking/contact
testimonials







 





the world-famous, authentic doors tribute show 

 joe russo 

 

featuring 










no. it's an amazing simulation." 

- ny daily news


"...is it really the doors? 







 

"the soft parade is excellent.  yeah, joe russo - terrific.  the soft parade's great - i think they do an excellent job of recreating 'the doors experience'.  it's great, man...the soft parade is real cool." 

-ray manzarek (co-founder/keyboardist of the doors) wnew-ny 3/16/2000 














 




upcoming shows
the soft parade tour dates






03
july
2025


the soft parade: a tribute to the doors – jim morrison memorial show							

235 w 46th st new york, ny 10036 - sony hall							

buy tickets 






if you missed the doors... don't miss the soft parade




“the soft parade is excellent. yeah, joe russo – terrific. the soft parade’s great .i think they do an excellent job of recreating ‘the doors experience’. it’s great, man…the soft parade is real cool.” – ray manzarek (keyboardist of the doors) wnew-ny 3/16/2000
“…the soft parade’s show is eerily convincing, causing the audience to temporarily suspend it’s disbelief…” – the new york times (sunday may 15, 1994)
“close your eyes and you can hear the doors. open your eyes and you can see them. the soft parade does the doors justice. joe russo’s voice and stage antics and movements are a ghost of morrison’s former glory.” – good times magazine
“for years, people have sized the soft parade up against the legend and come away impressed.” – guitar world magazine
“the soft parade is the most faithful, most dynamic, spiritual, true tribute band since the doors’ demise.” -vince treanor-doors road manager/sound technician (1967-1972)
“they’re an exact replica…it’s scary” -frank lisciandro-jim morrison’s friend/biographer




our third decade! stronger than dirt!


more images

featured video










worldwide press


more images
like us on facebook
 

â© 2000 - 2020 the soft parade - tribute to the doors
is a registered trademark. all rights reserved. no part of this website may be reproduced without written permission.


















  

 



















 sign up for our newsletter

stay up-to-date on tour dates
stay up-to-date on new features
and more...

enter your email and stay on top of things,



subscribe!


