



pbnation | paintball's home page































							trending
						


pbnation has the most active facebook in paintball. like our page for daily awesome.want to find the most recent posts on pbnation? click here...





sign in
join




username



password




 remember me
										


sign in

















forum
news
reviews
pursuit
field & store finder
shop
advertise















pro paintball - off season moves

neweraballer76
november 25th, 2024



				the off-season has already proven exciting with major moves from edmonton impact and multiple departures from houston heat - the two highest-paid rosters in pro paintball. impact took a close 2nd place to pbfit at world cup in a game they were clearly winning, but they are still completely revamping their squad by picking up 4 world-class players and releasing several of their players that helped them earn that 2nd place.
			





253





nova paintball sentinal nx1 review

evilpoptart
november 19th, 2024



				i watched a lot of nova’s videos from youtube and checked out reviews from folks that i would best describe as online autococker influencers. nova didn’t just regurgitate the same formula that everyone else has done. in my mind, they really separated themselves because they tried a few new things on their design. regardless of some of the initial negative publicity, i was really interested in seeing them in person and possibly shooting one.
			





7











nxl chicago photo thread

dhawk032005
october 6th, 2023



				dane hawkins has been shooting pro paintball on and off for pbnation for years. when we heard he was available to shoot the national xball league's chicago stop, we jumped at the chance to get some of his favorite images on the site. he captured the mud, mess and fun like no one else. enjoy!
			





12





damage wins chicago nxl

john
september 18th, 2023



				tampa bay damage won every single match they played this weekend at the chicago nxl to once again claim 1st place in the brutal pro division. they overcame muddy conditions and were even missing their star player from last event, chad busiere.


paintball fit continued their semi-pro dominance by taking their 4th consecutive 1st place (and 7th consecutive podium) and blast camp continued their run with a 4th consecutive 2nd place.
			





47





midwest adventure park grand opening

**gp**
august 30th, 2023



				midwest adventure park in council bluffs ia grand opening sept 2&3, 2023. ross and josh have put a ton of work into this park and it is super cool.

mounds, hyperball, nxl xball field, 2 woods fields and a 50 cal field coming soon. come out this saturday or sunday and experience the new premier paintball park in western iowa and eastern nebraska.

			





10





nxl texas photos - crux photography

fedo
may 29th, 2023



				it has been one month since the nxl lonestar major. you can relive the action of nxl's second event of 2023 hosted in round rock, texas through this photo thread. the gallery features photos of divisional and professional-level players battling it out in the thick texas mud. thank you to the staff, refs, and behind-the-scenes crew of the largest paintball league for their work in putting the event together. photos captured by crux photography.






10





bfpgear sponsors dynasty

blackfridaypaintball
january 30th, 2023



				junior brown said of the sponsorship “this was an easy decision for us. san diego dynasty is not only one of the most accomplished and longest running paintball franchises of all time, but their passion for the sport and their fans is unmatched. they make themselves so accessible to the paintball community and their creation of the dynasty champs club is truly inspiring. we are super excited to be heading into 2023 together”
			





4





new freeflow "trix"

effect_12
january 4th, 2023



				there is more than just milling for those asking. it is based on the dsr+ platform as freeflow wanted something that had mechanical ability. we are very grateful for dye partnering with us on this. it feels like a long road to get to this point but are very grateful and the guys over there have been nothing short of amazing to work with.
 for those of you that are familiar with the way we release markers, this will follow that protocol and you will all be able to customize.
			





39





new jt proflex ice goggles

john
december 27th, 2022



				the brand-new semi-translucent ice goggles are now in stock at jt dealers while supplies last! these are the goggles aftermath and some of dynasty wore at world cup! these are reminiscent of the very collectible classic ize goggles sold in the late 90's and ealy 2000's. available only in red and black. no other colors are being made at this time.
			





11





jt zebra proflex

john
december 21st, 2022



				the jt proflex is easily the most iconic paintball mask ever made and 2022 was an amazing year for it. we saw more proflex releases than ever. some limited editions (so they'll never be made again) and some special edition (so you might see some parts again someday but not regularly or soon). we saw so many partially because covid delayed 2020 and 2021 masks so much. is the zebra the last proflex of 2022 or does jt have one more surprise for us before 2023?
			





2






show more











about
advertise
contact us


top










 











terms of use
copyright
privacy policy
your privacy choices
manage consent




























