











bryanna clarkgrogan - freelance writer specialising in cryptocurrencies












bryanna clarkgrogan
writer specialised in crypto-assets

recruitme@bryannaclarkgrogan.com
161 123 4567





github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin
codepen.io/ludovicgiuly/
bryannaclarkgrogan.com








crypto assets and me

i'm a web entrepreneur with a passion for blockchain technology. i have created my own cryptocurrency and nft, as well as being a freelance writer for various websites on the subject of crypto assets and sports betting. i am bilingual english-french and finished my studies in 2014. armed with my experiences, i am a versatile professional and motivated to contribute to the development of blockchain-related projects.
                        





professional experience





co-founder and ceo
cryptokud

2017 to present


cryptokud is an entrepreneurial venture that brings together several activities around blockchain. the aim is to experiment with several business models based on cryptocurrencies and related web services.
achievements:

design and implementation of a marketing strategy to promote these digital assets
management of a team of developers to ensure the continued development of blockchain
developed partnerships with companies to promote the use of my cryptocurrency

technologies used:

blockchain
btc
nft
seo
sport matrix
rng






freelance writer
btc-betting.com & cryptonews.com

2016 to present


writing articles on the latest trends in crypto assets, sports betting and blockchain technology. analysing markets and emerging trends to provide valuable insights to the investment community. creating quality content to increase website traffic and visibility.





blockchain consultant
ao (arnest & old) 

2015-2017


advising clients on the potential applications of blockchain in their business. assessing the technical and economic feasibility of blockchain projects. training clients on the advantages and disadvantages of using blockchain.
skills:

blockchain
finance
defi
seo
communication
presentation






blockchain developer (internship)
ikm

2014 - 2015


developing blockchain applications for clients in the banking sector. programming using languages such as java, python and solidity. solving technical problems to ensure the stability of the blockchain.








skills




blockchain





crypto currencies





defi





finance





snct







other

nft
ai
rng
ptt
python
siasta
git
sketch





diplomas



master in mathematics
university of mt kazezau
2012 - 2013


bsa digital & web
tarantula university
2000 - 2013








languages


english (native)
french (professional)
spanish (professional)




interests


cinema
gambling
petanque









