



admissions - longwood university



































































there are active notices and/or alerts. visit the alerts site for details >>














academics
admissions
lancer life
about us




visit
apply
give










lancer dashboard







lancer dashboard
today is monday, february 17, 2025



services
mylongwoodlive mailcanvasdegreeworks advisinglancer web card centerstudent housing gateway (rms)lancer link (clubs & orgs)tk20otp applicationswatermark - studentshandshake
change my password



dining
dining locations, hours & menuschange meal plan
dining services website



information
help desklancercard career successgreenwood libraryrecreation / fitness centercenter for academic successbookstore
academic departments & programs
all offices & services



resources
course searchstudent handbookfarmville area bus (fab)academic calendarexam schedulehow do i... ?suggestions/complaints
more academic resources












homeadmissions








admissions


 




















welcome to longwood! the magic of our university is in its people—friends meeting on brock commons, professors who actually teach classes and are motivated by your success, and students who rally around each other to reach new heights—like our historic ncaa tournament runs in 2022 and 2024 propelled by the energy of our student section. here you’ll find the most classes of any virginia public university taught by full-time faculty members and a vibrant residential campus community where you can make lifelong friends and pursue your interests with nearly 200 clubs and organizations.
as you plan your visit to explore our campus and start to dream about life as a lancer, i hope you’ll reach out to us!
w. taylor reveley iv
president










 


what is longwood university?















a public university located in the heart of virginia, only one hour from richmond and less than three hours from northern virginia and virginia beach.











a home for ~4,500 students with 18 students per class, on average, and only 2 classes with more than 50 students.

















































 


best in virginia for…

internships during college
students majoring in high-growth fields

whether it’s discussing career plans or important ideas, national survey data shows longwood students’ experiences with faculty eclipse their peers at other schools.
read more in longwood by the numbers



 













experience life as a lancer
get to know us by visiting campus
we’d love to meet you! we offer general information sessions, immersion days focused on majors, large open houses and more.
explore visit options








affordability
longwood is committed to keeping a college education affordable for many, rather than a luxury for few. we offer merit scholarships and other types of aid to support our students.

$14,948 in-state, residential
average undergraduate semester cost


$21,068 out-of-state, residential
average undergraduate semester cost


scholarships financial aid & cost of attendance










what are you interested in studying? 
anchored by our civitae core curriculum, longwood’s academic programs are rooted in the liberal arts while preparing students for the skills employers say they value most--critical thinking, writing and speaking, and creative problem-solving. with more than 100 majors, minors, and concentrations, students can explore a wide variety of career paths while becoming a citizen leader prepared to work toward the common good. 



undergraduate areas of studygraduate programscivitae core curriculumchoosing a major










ready to apply?
our application for fall 2025 is now available.
procedures & deadlinesadmission requirementsapply now


 









                applying to longwood
              



















												
												
												
												longwood traditions
												
												
												
												


at the center of every longwood student’s experience are the vast array of traditions that touch everyone who walks onto campus.












												
												
												
												day in the life at longwood
												
												
												
												


from sunrise to sunset, take a look at a typical spring day on longwood’s beautiful campus.












												
												
												
												a glimpse of campus & longwood life
												
												
												
												


longwood’s picturesque campus in the heart of virginia is home to a thriving community of citizen leaders who take part in time-honored and unique traditions during their time on campus.
















































                i’m accepted… what’s next?
              







congratulations!
welcome to the lancer family! we know you're excited about the next steps. whether you’re still deciding or ready to make it official, we’re here to help!
get started


 









information for...
transfer students


information for...international students
information for...graduate students
information for...readmit students
information for...parents and families




 


have questions or want to talk? we’re here.
meet your counselor »
admissionstext 434.207.6514phone 434.395.2060admissions@longwood.edu310 buffalo streetfarmville, va 23909
financial aidphone 434.395.2077finaid@longwood.edu
 

















about us
admissions
academics
lancer life


academic calendar
bookstore
careers at longwood
library
a-z index
offices & services
solomon (faculty & staff)






longwood university201 high street farmville, va 23909(434) 395-2000maps & directions


privacy statement
foia
student consumer information
non-discrimination statement
freedom of expression
policies
alerts & notices

© all rights reserved.




 
 





