








inece | home

























become an inece member!
							|
							login









l










²

about
news
programs
events
library
topics
regions
membership














how can citizen and community science contribute to environmental compliance and enforcement? join us for our ongoing webinar series exploring this topic.
–
click here to learn more 










learn more about the recent inece-idb webinar series discussing how environmental licensing and enforcement programs are adapting to covid-19 and what we can carry forward out of this time of crisis.
–
find out more here










contribute to the inece bibliography! the inece academic committee is developing a comprehensive bibliography of important academic resources on environmental compliance and enforcement. 
–
learn how to contribute here! 










inece had a highly successful joint conference with aelert in adelaide, australia this march. our conference summary report highlights outcomes and important next steps to be pursued by the network. 
–
read the report here! 










inece develops and supports regional and topical networks for enforcement and compliance cooperation. cooperation among government officials can help create a level playing field.
–
become a member!







about inece


				the international network for environmental compliance and enforcement (inece) is a partnership of government and non-government enforcement and compliance practitioners from more than 150 countries.inece's goals are: raising awareness to compliance and enforcement; developing networks for enforcement cooperation; and strengthening capacity to implement and enforce environmental requirements.inece is dedicated using regulatory and non-regulatory approaches to guide compliance with and enforcement of environmental laws and regulations that promote the sustainable use of natural resources and the protection of ecosystem integrity at the global, regional, and national levels.
				
					learn more »


 


upcoming events

nepa updates and implementation: current developments in environmental review

						20 february 2025
						
						join this discussion of current national environmental policy act (nepa) developments and implementation. this virtual panel will explore recent changes and emerging trends in environmental...




the environmental information association 2025 national conference & exhibition

						9 march 2025
						jacksonville, fl, usa
						the environmental information association is proud to announce the 2025 national conference & exhibition will be held march 9 - 12, 2025, at the hyatt...




siting and permitting conference: built to power 

						14 april 2025
						seattle, wa
						getting projects off the ground is becoming more and more challenging. at acp’s expanded siting & permitting conference, previously known as the siting & environmental...



latest news

nearly 20,000 live animals seized, 365 suspects arrested in largest-ever wildlife and forestry operation 

					4 february 2025
					operation thunder 2024 brought together police, customs, border control, forestry and wildlife officials from 138 countries and regions, marking the widest participation since the first...




amazon states lead rebellion on environmental enforcement 

					3 february 2025
					in july, rondônia state approved a law punishing its members by withdrawing their fiscal tax incentives. the biggest strike came in october, when a similar...




liberia: investigation uncovers timber smugglers in caldwell  

					21 january 2025
					a daylight investigation has uncovered an illegal timber trafficking company in the caldwell neighborhood of riverview. libfor forest corporation coordinates illegal logging activities in and...


 


recent library additions

constitutional and legislative frameworks for green and sustainable environmental governance in uganda 

					4 february 2025
					this study examines uganda’s constitutional and legislative approaches to achieving environmental sustainability, focusing on their strengths, limitations, and potential improvements. adopting a doctrinal research methodology,...




policing wildlife trafficking in northeastern mexico: the case of tamaulipas in 2023-2024 

					26 january 2025
					illegal wildlife trade is an environmental, economic, and social problem that threatens global public health and the security of countries. it is one of the...




quantifying illegal rosewood trade, seizures and forestry law enforcement in indonesia 

					22 january 2025
					patterns of illicit trafficking networks can be explained by economic, geographic and environmental factors, and has clear implications for forest management. rosewood is one of...


 










				inece secretariat
				1730 m street nw, suite 700

				washington, dc 20036

				usa
				(202) 939-3879
info@inece.org | http://www.inece.org
 
				© 2025 inece secretariat. all rights reserved. items on the inece website represent the views of the authors only, and are not endorsed by inece, its members, or its partners.
			








