







wood violins – electric violin crafters

































































































welcome
about us

history of wood violins
(r)evolution of the viper
about mark wood


products


violins

viper
the nashville
katana
concert series acoustic/electric
stingray svx and svx pro


cellos

cobra and king cobra cello


custom finishes

custom finish gallery
annie haslam signature series
chris compston artist series


options

options
accessories





videos
artists
endeavors
dealers
support

contact
faq
tech tips
warranty
wv facebook community
for dealers only


store





menu


menu

 






welcome“through these instruments, i hope to share my vision
for a more adventurous and musically satisfying experience on the violin.
i hope they provide the same level of excitement for you.”
mark wood
“thanks to mark wood for his design
of the viper and his contribution to the violin…”
kat chang
“my sabre is by far the most impressive
  electric violin i have ever played.”
jesse spencer
house/chicago fire
“…this was the first time i had ever
played a viper, let alone an electric.
it was a blast!”
judy kang
lady gaga
rachel barton pine
jimmy herman
carrie underwood
previousnext1234567891011testimonials


whether i’m on stage or in studio [the cobra] never disappoints – it’s solid, comfortable, incredibly responsive and just so sexy!
caitlin white (cobra cellist)



my viper is the gateway to the career i’ve dreamt of my whole life.
alissa jackman



you guys make some of the nicest violins i have ever heard and … you are also some of the nicest people in the business.
christopher hallomon



the viper has revolutionized the violinist’s role in the music world forever, and i’m proud to be a part of this new era!
alyson montez



three cheers to everyone involved with the viper–it is, quite simply, the best.toy.ever. and my neck and shoulders agree. love it, love it, love it.
catherine chandra watkins (viper player)



i see [mark wood’s] spirit and dedication in the videos i’ve seen on the wood website, the today show piece, etc. therefore, i prefer to buy a wood violin in support of [his] efforts to promote music in youth.
wayne deczynksi (parent)



although there are other brands to choose from, i have a strong preference for wood instruments in large part for the commitment i see from mark to promote music to young kids and spark their enthusiasm for an instrument that can seem dull and old-fashioned.
wayne deczynksi (parent)



welcome to wood violins – designed and built by artists
whether you’re looking to expand your playing into new horizons of limitless musical sound and possibilities, or you need a professional electric with a familiar feel, we have the instrument for you.
one of the secrets to our success is the amazing team of artisans who lovingly create our instruments. each violin is calibrated and tested prior to shipment to ensure that you receive the very best instrument for your investment. a certificate of authenticity, signed by mark wood, is included with each order.

we are the only electric violin company run by string players for string players, and have been referred to as the stradivarius of electric violins. we are passionate about what we do around here, and we are committed to providing highly specialized customer support before and after your purchase.

here at wood violins, we believe in fusing old world violin tradition with modern technology, thereby creating a harmonious synthesis of versatility and tradition. with custom, handcrafted instruments designed and built in the usa, we are dedicated to a truly unique concept in manufacturing. the instruments created by premier electric violinist mark wood reflect over 30 years of painstaking investigation, exploration, performing, and touring.
• the best sounding electric instruments on the market
• affordable instruments for every playing level
• unparalleled customer service
• the most comprehensive electric strings website
• network with string players from around the world
• all custom instruments made by hand right here in america
• unique specialized finishes available
• if you can dream it, we can do it!
“i am a violin player. i love the instrument. i love the feel and sound every time my bow crosses the strings and how the violin sings with a sensuous voice and incredible expressiveness. i believe it also has the capacity to produce the raw power of aggressive sounds and machine gun articulations. when i first started playing electric years ago, there was nothing out there that was cool, sleek and hip. this is why i designed instruments that make audience’s jaws drop and provide me with a passionate and emotional experience as a musician. through these instruments, i hope to share my vision for a more adventurous and musically satisfying experience on the violin. i hope they provide the same level of excitement for you.”
mark wood, creator of wood violins

wood violins is proud to partner with these great companies.



   

contact us: wood violins
8987 e. tanque verde rd.
suite 309 #106
tuscon, az 85749
516-767-6677

 
connect with us: 






© copyright - wood violins






scroll to top

































