















vinyl record store - lps 45s and cds – online music shop - 



































home    
record sale    search    vinyl price guides    cart













vinyl records and priceslook up the values of vinyl records.record price guides





vinyl records and priceslook up the values of vinyl records.record price guides





vinyl records and priceslook up the values of vinyl records.record price guides











about us

we have been collecting records and cds since the early 80′s and we have been online since 1999. we also sell records, cds and books on ebay.  wegotrecords.com







the music we sell

types of collectible vinyl we sell: 45′s, lp’s, 10″, 12″. all types of music, from rockabilly to punk to jazz to disco to rock (70′s, 80′s, 90′s) to classical music, heavy metal, soul, and r&b. colored vinyl/ picture disks/odd and strange music/spoken word/comedy/ rare and hard to find vinyl. we also have autographed memorabilia!









rca – gold standard series sleeve
global chill out grooves – buddha
what makes a vinyl record rare and collectible?
why do some vinyl albums have a hole in the cover?
what is the b side of a vinyl record?
what is the inside blank area of a vinyl record called?
top 10 gothic bands
rave records – philidelphia pa
rare green day lookout postcard 1993
amphetamine reptile records
deception bay – gothic rock
marrakesh – hip guide 2xcd


50s
christmas
classical
comedy
country
downtempo
gospel
gothic
instrumental
jazz
new wave
pop
punk
rock
soul
soundtracks
sports
vans warped tour
vans warped tour 2011
vans warped tour 2012





50s
christmas
classical
doowop
jazz
punk
rock
rockabilly
soul





contact


vinyl records and prices look up the values of records from the 1950's to the 1990's. buy or sell with these record price guides.price guides







shippingplease check our complete shipping rates listed below any item in the website catalog. shipping rates

about

selling used and rare collectible vinyl records - 45s, lps, 78s, and audio related memorabilia:
sheet music, vinyl record price guides and magazines. we accept paypal.
privacy policy | contact us © 2009-2025 
we got records














music

×



listen


as an amazon affiliate we earn from qualifying purchases.










this website uses cookies to assist with personalised content and to improve your experience. by continuing to use this website, you are consenting to our use of cookies as stated in our privacy policy.accept

