





island village montessori school




























 









donate
field trip payment form
holiday assistance

 staff only




 login







email: 


password: 




create account






google translate












facebook

instagram


interestedin enrollment information?






 
island village montessori school
tuition-free montessori!




»home+our school»community partnerships»director's message»governance»our vision»school accountability+admissions»request a campus tour»enrollment info»letter of intent form+academics»montessori focus»traditional montessori elementary program»middle school»departments/ classroom pages+students»report a student absence»focus parent portal»bell schedule»lunch & breakfast info»handbook»our teachers»student links»required notices+families»after school care»bus routes»calendars»dress code & uniforms»enrichment clubs»handbook»volunteer group»supply lists»theatre stars»yearbook+early childhood»application for enrollment»tuition information»make a payment»preschool handbook»preschool readiness»preschool staff+contact us»careers»directions»school hours»staff directory











skip to content
skip to menu





























director's
									message



after
									school




preschool




staff
									directory




report anabsence












news & 
							announcements





open enrollment jan 30th - feb 28th!!  tuition free kindergarten - 8th grade montessori education




					
				
					
				
									
				
					island village montessori school is sarasota county's only tuition free kindergarten - 8th grade montessori charter school. families wishing to enroll for the 25/26 school year should submit their letter of intent during the annual open enrollment window - january 30th - feb 28th. letters of intent will be accepted for all grade levels but space is limited. enrollment is offered based on space available at the desired grade level.  www.islandvillage.org/letterofintentmontessori education creates life long learners and focuses on the development of the whole child. the montessori method fosters independence and gives the child freedom, within established parameters, to question, discover and navigate through their learning experience. multi-age learning environments, hands on and project based learning engage their natural curiosity, creativity and encourage collaboration. the montessori focus on citizenship, accountability, and peace sees students grow up to be confident, enthusiastic, and self-directed learners and citizens, accountable to both themselves and their community. in addition to the academic lessons, elementary students rotate between a variety of specials including art, drama, pe & music classes. middle school students have a wide selection of elective classes to choose from each semester ranging from musical instruments, 2-d & 3-d art, dance, foreign language, pe, photography, technology and so much more. with affordability in mind after school enrichment clubs offer a fun extension to the school day and on-site after school care is available until 5:30pm daily. convenient bus stops throughout north and south sarasota county offer reliable transportation for families who live or work in the cities outside of the venice area.contact us for a campus tour or if you have questions regarding our school!! click on the admissions tab to find the letter of intent form and campus tour request form!





ivms early childhood program - full day preschool 




					
				
					
				
									
				
					the american montessori society says: "choosing a montessori environment for your child has many benefits. known for individually paced learning and fostering independence, the montessori method also encourages empathy, a passion for social justice, and a joy in lifelong learning.given the freedom and support to question, to probe deeply, and to make connections, montessori students become confident, enthusiastic, self-directed learners. they are able to think critically, work collaboratively, and act boldly—a skill set for the 21st century."montessori education is often described as learning through play. the classrooms are carefully laid out with attractive materials that each reinforce or practice a skill. children have freedom, within limits, to choose what lessons most interest them as they feed their natural curiosity and build a life long desire to learn. applications for the 24/25 school year are now being accepted.visit our early childhood education pages for more information! www.islandvillage.org/earlychildhood





holidays in a montessori classroom




					
				
					
				
									
				
					in montessori education celebrating diversity and teaching respect for one another are core values. through activities such as sharing stories, celebrating festivals, and interacting with individuals from various cultural backgrounds, children begin to understand that people have different ways of life, beliefs, and values.seasons and holidays are incorporated into the montessori learning environment in a cross-curricular, and age appropriate way. language and music lessons may incorporate stories and songs related to the seasonal celebrations. math and practical life works may use items that correlate with holiday themes for counting, sorting and manipulating. art creations often use materials inspired by the time of year.  and of course the cultural area where children will often receive lessons including photographs, artifacts, and items associated with various holidays and cultures from around the globe. in contrast to the common societal commercialization of the holidays this focus on cultural understanding helps to grow the seeds of peace.montessori classrooms encourage families to share their traditions and culture with students throughout the year. doing so provides children the opportunity to gain an awareness of what is different and what is similar among people worldwide. they learn tolerance and acceptance of practices that may differ from their own. they learn about what brings joy to people around the globe.  this exposure helps them cultivate compassion and respect for others, paving the way for a more harmonious and inclusive society.





who to contact - save this info!!




					
				
					
				
									
				
					ensuring your messages reach the right people is important. please save this helpful list for future reference! - for bus, student dismissal changes, and early pick-up related questions or notifications: dismissal@islandvillage.org- for enrichment clubs and after care related questions: afterschool@islandvillage.org- for student enrollment, updates to student or parent/guardian contact info and parent portal related questions or  notifications: registrar@islandvillage.org- to report an absence: www.islandvillage.org/studentabsence - to send a message to your child's educators please visit your focus parent portal and click on the communication option. please reach out to your child's educators directly for all classwork related inquiries.- to reach administrators, ese, guidance, etc; please see the staff directory under the contact us tab to select the specific staff member you need to reach or send a message to them using the communications options in your focus parent portal. - for general school related questions: info@islandvillage.orgimportant note: student safety is our priority. notifications about early pick-ups and changes to the way a child should go home can only be accepted from a parent or legal guardian. student early pick-ups need to be completed before 2:30pm to avoid interfering with scheduled dismissal activities. parents/guardians arriving after that time may be directed to the car-line for student pick-up. please be prepared to show photo id when picking up a child from the front office. changes to the way a student normally goes home need to be communicated to the school as soon as possible and should be emailed in no later than 2:30pm of the same day to ensure that all appropriate staff members have been notified.





24/25 school calendar updated




					
				
					
				
									
				
					in light of the recent storms and the disruptions they have caused the district has updated the 24/25 student calendar. these changes were carefully made to ensure all educational needs and requirements were being met while preserving as much of the original schedule as possible.  the ivms student calendar has been updated to reflect these updates. please review it carefully to make note of the changes.





5th annual ivms holiday assistance program




					
				
					
				
									
				
					for the 5th year in a row island village montessori school will be offering the holiday assistance program. each year this program is made possible by the generosity of the ivms community. please consider donating by dec 6th to help brighten the holidays for our families in need. use the yellow holiday assistance button at the top of the page.contact cindyflemion@islandvillage.org with any questions





school meals update - scs food & nutrition services




					
				
					
				
									
				
					a message from the district: we know this is a challenging time for many of our families, and we are here to support you. due to hurricane milton's significant disruptions to food supplies across florida, we anticipate our school menus will be incorrect and/or different from the original menus advertised for the next few weeks. our food & nutrition services team will do their best to accommodate students with special dietary needs. we understand the challenges this situation may create for students with food allergies and diabetes — we encourage families to make supplemental arrangements to ensure their child’s dietary needs are fully met. we appreciate your understanding and patience as we work through these difficult circumstances over the next few weeks. once our food supply stabilizes, we will return to normal operations. please contact food & nutrition services with any concerns or questions at 941-486-2199. for complete food & nutrition services information, or to complete the application for free/reduced price meals please visit: https://www.sarasotacountyschools.net/o/scs/page/food-nutrition





international day of peace




					
				
					
				
									
				
					for 2024 ivms will celebrate peace day on friday september 20th.the international day of peace (“peace day”) is observed around the world each year on the 21st september. established in 1981 by unanimous united nations resolution, the general assembly has declared this as a day devoted to “commemorating and strengthening the ideals of peace both within and among all nations and peoples.” each year a new theme is designated. this year’s international day of peace will focus on “cultivating a culture of peace". as defined by the united nations, “culture of peace” is a “set of values, attitudes, modes of behavior and ways of life that reject violence and prevent conflicts by tackling their root causes to solve problems through dialogue and negotiation among individuals groups and nations.”



 
show all







upcoming
							events







feb
21





								middle school dance
								


time:

								6:00 pm 
								
								 - 8:00 pm


location:
									ivms campus
								





feb
28





								spirit day - career day
								


location:
									wear the uniform of a career you are interested in. (participants do not need to wear a uniform shirt but all other aspects of the outfit must be dress code appropriate)
								










mar
17





								spring break - no school
								











mar
18





								spring break - no school
								










show calendar
show all





report bullying »


assistance for our families








what is ivms?



island village (a 501c3 non-profit corporation) is a tuition-free public charter school for students in grades k-8 located  in venice, florida. based on the constructivist philosophy of dr. maria montessori, island village is a safe and stimulating place to learn, incorporating today's technology in a nurturing environment where every student is celebrated as an individual and encouraged to reach their fullest potential.







read more 






featured album




2022 peace day





video highlights




useful links





dismissal



attendance



change of information form



facebook



instagram account



food menu


 
show all
















  
      2001 pinebrook road
      venice, fl 34292
p: (941) 484-4999
      f: (941) 484-2150

# island village montessori school

florida department of education


powered by educational networks 



















