



blackwork information and designs by carol leather








 


















































































welcome to x-calibre designs and thanks
                              for popping in. we may have met before at a
                              needlework show or at one of my workshops, if so,
                              nice to see you again. if we haven’t met in
                              person, i hope that during your time here you will
                              learn a bit about
                                me, carol leather, and what i love to do.
i enjoy designing different types of needlework
                              and you can find kits and charts for blackwork
                                embroidery, hardanger,
                              needlepoint
                              and a little pulled
                                work on these pages. if you haven’t tried
                              one or more of these techniques head over to the free online
                                classes and have a go! you will find free
                              charts and instructions for two blackwork designs,
                              a pretty hardanger piece and some unusual cross
                              stitch projects. have fun!
to give you more information on blackwork
                              embroidery i am putting together a pattern
                                library, a sort of beginner’s guide to
                              blackwork fill patterns and how to stitch them.
                              enjoy.
i have to say thank you to all of you who have
                              taken the time to send me photos of your work,
                              especially when you have adapted my designs. check
                              out your
                                gallery to see what others have done also.
 







































  


