




network and internet services - mobile, daphne, bayou labatre | assurance technology services



























 








   
    <![endif]-->

















home
services & solutions 

business internet servicedata recovery
computer support
it consulting
email solutions
phone solutions
colocation – iaas
hosted desktops – daas
web protection
support for msp’s


industries 

non-profits
financial
legal


client center 

proxy
referral program
helpdesk portal


resources 

free network audit
vulnerability assessment
blog
latest news


about us 

our core values
partners
testimonials


contact us
site navigation
home
services & solutions 
- internet service
- backup & disaster recovery
- computer support
- it consulting
- email solutions
- phone solutions
- colocation – iaas
- hosted desktops – daas
- web protection
- support for msp’s
industries 
- non-profits
financial
- legal
client center 
proxy
- referral program
resources 
- free network audit
- vulnerability assessment
- blog
- latest news
about us 
- our core values
- partners
- testimonials
contact us


header









assurance technology 
your technology should be paving the way — not holding you back. so whether you need your technology to do more, reach more locations, or be more up-to-date, assurance technology can help. as an established leader in the technology field of the gulf coast we provide extensive and stable round the clock network service to our clients.  the it professionals of assurance technology focus on the quality expansion of local businesses to get your technology where you need it to go.
 
schedule a free network audit 









about us





 
file storage and sharing 
access share and protect your data


 
network services
wireless internet, network configuration, hardware and software setup, etc.


 
email solutions
business email and communications services as well as web hosting



voice and video services
voice over ip telephone service and video conferencing



it security 
cyber security so that you can rest at ease knowing your data is safe



network architecture and design
ground up architecture for your network system




testimonials





"5 stars!  i've known these guys at assurance technology for many many years. whatever your it needs are, these guys can handle it better than anyone, hands down."
chris normand source title



"5 stars!  very knowledgeable staff."
nick newman –  in source title











your organization needs to ensure that critical it systems are always available to support core business functions. unfortunately, maintaining it systems with an in-house it staff can be costly and inefficient. consider turning over your daily managed it service needs to assurance technology. we can be your complete it service management solution supporting all your servers, network appliances and desktops. your systems are monitored and supported both remotely and locally 24/7, where any potential issues are fixed before they can present a problem.


sign up now!








our services




business internet service provider
 assurance technology has been providing high speed internet service for small to large businesses in the mobile bay area for over 10 years. many of our customers choose our internet for our fast upload speeds which are unmatched by cable or dsl providers. we know your business is important to you and in todays market our reliable internet is a requirment to succeed.
view details »


network it design and consulting
  when it comes to the technology you need to run your business, it's hard to make sense of all the options. assurance technology does more than just sell technology.  we work with businesses small and large to ensure they are getting the most out of their current tech resources. we are able to act as it consultants, provide help desk management and work with their current it staff to run new projects that may be outside their area of expertise, or which require more manpower. 
view details »


backup and disaster recovery
  a range of reports over the recent years has show that the majority (up to 60%) of small and medium businesses won't survive a drastic loss of data. so it's often a shock to find that many companies have no back-up or disaster recovery strategies in place at all. if this is the case for your company, you're putting at risk all you've worked for. that is why assurance technology is offering a wide range of comprehensive backup, disaster and recovery solutions priced to fit small business budgets. we want to keep you safe!
view details »


desktop support
 operating environments for businesses today are complicated.  assurance technology has been providing experienced support for small to large businesses in the mobile bay area for over 10 years. many of our customers choose our desktop support because of our rapid response.  as a local business we can arrive on site in minutes in order to quickly assess and stabilize any issues you may expierence.  we lead organizational and business process operations to improve performance, increase effectiveness, reduce costs and improve resilience. 
view details »


infrastructure as a service
the most basic cloud-service model is that of assurance technology offering computing infrastructure – virtual machines and other resources – as a service to our subscribers. infrastructure as a service (iaas) refers to online services that buffers our clients from the frustrations of networking details and infrastructure like physical computing resources, location, data partitioning, scaling, security, backup etc.
view details »


desktop as a service
 desktop as a service (daas)  is software technology that separates the desktop environment and associated application software from the physical client computer that is used to access it.  assurance technology has been providing a comprehensive desktop environment management system with complete desktop disaster recovery strategy for over 12 years.
view details »





 







request a free quote





name

please enter your name.

e-mail

please enter a valid e-mail address.

message

please enter a message.
please enter a the security code.
 send





 











 









services
put assurance technology in charge of your it and we guarantee your business will run more efficiently than ever before.


 
if you have any questions about our services or would like to schedule your free network audit, why not drop us a line?


contact us
316 bel air blvd  suite 305mobile, al 36606phone: 251-479-7799





©2016 assurance technology all rights reserved.


privacy policy
terms

privacy policy
terms







footer





 
















