


antique tractors - yesterday's tractors : parts and online community










welcome! please use the navigational links to explore our website.





 


(800) 853-2651
shop now








tractor parts

allis chalmers
case & david brown
farmall & international
ferguson
ford & new holland
john deere
massey ferguson
massey harris
minneapolis moline
oliver & cockshutt
kubota / yanmar









tractor manuals




   allis chalmers
case
farmall ih
ford 8n,9n,2n
ford

   ferguson
john deere
massey ferguson
minn. moline
oliver

 

marketplace

classified ads
photo ads
tractor parts
salvage


community


discussion forums
project journals your stories
events calendar
hauling schedule



galleries


tractor photos
implement photos
vintage photos
help identify
parts & pieces
stuck & troubled
vintage ads
community album
photo ad archives



research & info


articles
tractor registry
tip of the day
safety cartoons
tractor values
serial numbers
tune-up guide
paint codes
list prices
production nbrs
tune-up specs
torque values
3-point specs
glossary



miscellaneous


tractor games
just for kids
virtual show
museum guide
memorial page
feedback form



  



 february 19, 2025



specializing in parts for older tractors - ford, farmall, ferguson, allis chalmers, john deere, massey, oliver and more.  you'll also find extensive articles, pictures and forum discussions in our online community and archives.




featured tractors
farmall cub
farmall h
farmall m
ferguson to30
john deere b
john deere 4020
ford 8n
ford 600
ford 2000
ford 3000
ford 4000
massey ferguson 65
massey ferguson 135
case vac
allis chalmers wd


article spotlight
tractor profile: allis-chalmers wd45 (gas version) - by staff.  beginning production in 1953, the wd45 had the same general look as the wd tractor which was produced earlier - but was much more powerful. this was due to the new 4-cylinder "power crater" gasoline engine with a 4 x 4-1/2 inch bore and stroke. some people feel this was one of the most significant tractors offered by allis-chalmers in those days. nothing in its weight or power class could match its performance. in 1954 they began offering the wd45 with the new "snap-coupler&quo
 ... [read article]


today's antique tractor tip
repairing a cracked block

if the crack is in the outside of the water jacket you can repair by several methods. brazing or welding. another technique i've seen is to start out at the very end of the crack, and drill a hole, tap it, insert 
...

[read tips]



photo spotlight
1959 ford 641 workmaster
   craig - ny[more photos]


survey says


favorite  way back when tractor chore?1. moldboard plowing  (766 votes, 42%)  2. raking hay  (157 votes, 8%)  3. baling hay  (132 votes, 7%)  4. secondary tillage  (106 votes, 5%)  5. hauling wagons home  (56 votes, 3%)  6. planting crops  (54 votes, 2%)  7. mowing hay  (197 votes, 10%)  8. pulling out the neighbor with the other color tractor  (336 votes, 18%)  view all surveys or submit an idea for one.



most recent ad
1964 i-h 140 tractor with cultivators and sidedresser. starts and runs good.   asking 2650. call ron at 502-319-1952 
[more ads]



 tractor  parts  tractor manuals 
we sell tractor parts!  we have the parts you need to repair your tractor - the right parts. our low prices and years of research make us your best choice when you need parts.   shop online today. [ about us ]

home
   |  forums

  copyright © 1997-2024 yesterday's tractor co. all rights reserved.  reproduction of any part of this website, including design and content, without written permission is strictly prohibited.  trade marks and trade names contained and used in this website are those of others, and are used in this website in a descriptive sense to refer to the products of others.  use of this web site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement  and privacy policy  trademark disclaimer: tradenames and trademarks referred to within yesterday's tractor co. products and within the yesterday's tractor co. websites are the property of their respective trademark holders.  none of these trademark holders are affiliated with yesterday's tractor co., our products, or our website nor are we sponsored by them.  john deere and its logos are the registered trademarks of the john deere corporation.  agco, agco allis, white, massey ferguson and their logos are the registered trademarks of agco corporation.  case, case-ih, farmall, international harvester, new holland and their logos are registered trademarks of cnh global n.v. yesterday's tractors - antique tractor headquarters - an all states ag parts companywebsite accessibility policy


