








think new - bigbaer





































































skip to content


 

actu
développement
management
réseaux sociaux
publicité
référencement
e-commerce
webmarketing
 















big bear 



think newcreativedifferent 











 







welcome to bigbear ! here you’ll find every single news out concerning ui/ux, design and overall the web.  



















									about us								



who are we ? 



we are a team of people passioned by web and especially by webdesign, ui/ux design…etc. don’t hesitate a second if you want to contact us, we’ill try to respond you as fast as possible ! 






contact us











spacehub 















 















find the latest articles published 



latest articles 





















making nfts accessible to businesses: the api revolution
27 february 2024non-fungible tokens (nfts) have been making waves in the digital world, providing new opportunities for






how to make a website hosting ?
20 december 2022many people set up a website to better promote their business. one of the elements






top 3 best website creation software
14 january 2022the best way to be visible on the internet is to create a website. today,






benefits of multilingual seo to rank first on google
17 november 2021a multilingual seo helps you localize your website. it allows you to make your website






things to help become an expert web designer
16 may 2021  being a web designer nowadays is easy with the large variety of tools and






tips and advice to help you launch a small business online
15 may 2021  it is an excellent idea if you wish to launch a small business online.






tips and advice to help you become a professional graphic designer
15 may 2021  a professional graphic designer is one who creates unique, attractive, and meaningful designs. to






how to perfectionate your website ux design
15 may 2021  website ux design is about how to design your website for user experience, which






how to launch a successful business online
13 may 2021  when setting up a business you need to understand that your business will not


 

















design

here we have an example of "global" design. by following our articles, you'll find every informations you need concerning design.


 













ui/ux design

here we have an example of "ui/ux" design. by following our articles, you'll find every informations you need concerning design.


 









graphic design

here we have an example of "graphic" design. by following our articles, you'll find every informations you need concerning design.


 











some examples of your works 






ui ux design










global design







spacehub 









graphic design

here we have an example of "graphic" design. by following our articles, you'll find every informations you need concerning design.


 



















check also the design articles 



design articles 















no content available 
















business plan 



we also want to keep you aware of every business news that pops out. we try to be extremely reactive concerning the news. 






business



















check also the business articles 



business posts 















no content available 




























































