       
	new york state dental association | american dental association
                                   




welcome, 

logout


contact us
find a dentist
join/renew
login












 
adasso


salesforce [a-f]


salesforce [g-l]


salesforce [m]


salesforce [n-r]


salesforce [s-z]


salesforce [m2]


salesforce [a-f2]

      

















         




member center







membership & benefits




classifieds




legal resources




endorsed partners




substance use disorder & mental health




member assistance program




residents




students







dental schools






new dentist







new dentist survival guide series




get involved








practice support




news & publications







advertise | sponsor | partner




news





lance's corner




nys dental journal




nysda news




editorial policies and author's guidelines






advocacy




ce & events




for the public




about us







contact us




district societies




new york state dental foundation




leadership & directory







call for nominations







constitution and bylaws





component resources






  
            skip to main content
         








celebrate black history month

                        join us for diverse perspectives & lasting impressions on wednesday, february 26 at 6:30 pm! connect, learn, and be inspired by an incredible panel of leaders. 

                            
learn more








new exclusive nysda member benefit

                        life comes with challenges, but your new member assistance program (map) is here to help. this free, confidential benefit is available to you and your household, offering resources and services to support mental health, reduce stress, and make life easier.

                            
learn more








2025 membership dues invoice available online

                        your membership matters! renew today to take advantage of all that membership has to offer. we continue to provide our members with resources they can't get anywhere else.

                            
renew today








introducing nysdapac – our new political action committee

                        nysda is excited to announce the launch of nysdapac, nysda’s fully owned and operated political action committee. with your support, nysdapac will strengthen our political influence and ensure your voice is heard statewide and beyond.

                            
learn more








ce registry is now ce navigator

                        navigate your continuing education journey with ease using the ce navigator, your ultimate guide to professional development.

                            
learn more









2024/2025 member benefits guide is here!

                        your ultimate resource for all things nysda. dive in and discover what awaits you as a valued member.

                            
available now












membership connects you to your dental community — across the country, throughout new york state and with your local dental societies.with over 163,000 members nationally, over 12,000 members in new york state and 13 local dental societies, organized dentistry provides its members with many benefits and countless ways to get involved.


join or renew your membership with the ada, nysda, and your local dental society today!



join today!




renew today!




 




nysda news




feb 05, 2025


                                    nysdoh issues 2025 medicaid vbp quality measures
                                





feb 05, 2025


                                    nysda stands firm in its commitment to diversity,equity and inclusion initiatives
                                





jan 29, 2025


                                    nysda virtual advocacy event
                                





jan 28, 2025


                                    notice regarding the kids dentist in liverpool closure
                                





jan 24, 2025


                                    nysdoh launches medicaid hero program
                                





jan 14, 2025


                                    governor hochul announces dental plans
                                










read current issue of nysdj




overcoming an endodontic challengetraditional treatment for managing immature necrotic teeth was often tedious and required multiple visits, making it less than ideal when the patient was a child, as well as fraught with failure. dr. joseph stern, an endodontist and touro college professor, writing in the january new york state dental journal, explores alternative endodontic techniques, including a promising pulp regeneration method. learn more about overcoming the open apex challenge in the january journal, available online here. and expect delivery soon of your print copy of the journal.










quick links







                                member profile login
                            







                                pay your dues
                            







                                become a member
                            







                                calendar
                            







                                advocacy events 2025
                            







                                classifieds
                            







                                ce & transcript
                            







                                residents
                            







                                new dentists
                            







                                call for nominations
                            











                                donate to the foundation
                            







                                nysdapac
                            






















































































































       

stay connected























 

   general information join/renew american dental association   sections member center news & publications advocacy events for the public about us   resources accessibility     
                copyright © 2025
                new york state dental association. reproduction or republication strictly prohibited without prior written permission.
               privacy policy   terms of use   contact us             21823878618   
