














college of education - georgia southern university



















































skip to main content




 

apply
visit
give
mygs




menuclose











 

about


about overview
leadership, mission, & vision
news
events
campuses
office directory



admissions & aid


admissions & aid overview
how to apply
first-year students
transfer
graduate students
adult & non-traditional
military-connected and veteran students
dual enrollment
international students
post-baccalaureate, former, and transient students
tuition and scholarships
financial aid
visit campus
meet the admissions team
orientation



academics


academics overview
degrees
accelerated bachelor's to master's
online programs
career exploration
colleges
university libraries
academic advising (carc)
academic success center
continuing and professional education



student life


student life overview
housing
traditions
the eagle experience
armstrong campus in savannah
liberty campus in hinesville
statesboro campus
dining services
student union
fraternity & sorority life
student organizations
university libraries
campus recreation & intramurals
counseling center



research


research overview
centers and laboratories
research impact areas
innovation and commercialization
community impact
information for university partners
vertically integrated projects (vip)
faculty support
research integrity
student research & creative activity



athletics


athletics website



alumni


alumni overview


 mygs
current students
news
parents & families
careers
 




apply
visit
give
mygs
 



searchclose













search




popular searches

financial aid
housing
directory
academic calendar
admissions
military students





 





college of education



home
»
colleges
»
	college of education
 









in this section menu


in this section




about
alumni & friends
assessment accreditation
be a hero. be a teacher.
bricks
call me mister
centers & research
degrees & programs
academic departments
faculty & staff
future students
news
student resources





prepare to impact the next generation of students
get ready to lead change in one of georgia southern university’s premier education programs. 
the college of education trains the next generation of teachers, administrators, counselors and psychology professionals, starting at the undergraduate level and extending to our graduate and practitioner-focused doctoral degrees. in fact, we lead the university in graduate education.
across all programs, we pride ourselves on graduating effective and caring educators and other service professionals who meet the needs of today’s global community. our accomplished faculty will guide you to excel and invite you to take part in transformative research. our partnerships with georgia schools, clinics and other organizations give you practical, onsite experience that prepares you to make an impact from day one.






facts and figures
the college of education nurtures and advances the careers of successful educators and other service professionals.







+
graduate education credentials
advanced training in p-20 education, research and curriculum studies, counselor education, school psychology, and more. 



%
employment rate
for 2018-2021 bachelor’s and m.a.t. graduates in georgia public schools. 



%
of georgia southern graduate students
enroll in the college of education’s master’s, doctoral and endorsement programs. we’re home to roughly 1,900 students. 









meet our faculty
learn from established experts at our statesboro, armstrong and liberty campuses, as well as in our online programs. explore what it means to push the boundaries of educational excellence in georgia and beyond.






      faculty & staff      




      research interests      














explore our programs
earn your initial certification, change careers or continue your education. find a program that fits your life among our top-ranked bachelor’s, master’s, doctoral, endorsement and 100% online offerings.
degrees & programs



















centers and research
our faculty members influence innovation through their research and outreach. they offer collaborative, solution-driven change to meet societal needs, connect meaningfully with students and working professionals, are pioneers in instructional technologies and serve underrepresented communities in pursuit of educational excellence. see how their efforts shape the science of learning, language, literacy, stem education and educator preparation and impact youth resiliency.  






      research at the college of education      




      partnerships      




      centers and offices      




      success stories      














college of education expands teaching partnership
in fall of 2023, georgia southern education faculty secured almost $500,000 from the gulf research board to partner with middle and high school teachers across the state. together, they will develop students’ scientific and environmental skills.


















departments
pursue an engineering, computer science or information technology degree in one of six discipline-specific departments united by our desire to drive innovation in georgia and beyond.










curriculum, foundations & reading
immerse yourself in research-based foundational coursework and graduate programs designed to improve learning and instruction, build literacy skills and develop effective assessments and curriculum. explore programs in curriculum studies and reading education.









elementary & special education
prepare to engage all learners in programs focusing on elementary and special education.









leadership, technology & human development
learn to support and lead educational institutions and communities. explore graduate programs in counselor education, school psychology, educational leadership, higher education administration and instructional technology.









middle grades & secondary education
guide the next generation of georgia’s college- and career-bound students. seek certification to teach your subject area in middle grades and high schools, earn an esol endorsement or continue advancing your knowledge at the graduate level.


























                    i’ve always wanted to change the game in education. as far as i can remember, i’ve wanted to be a teacher. it’s really the only career for me. it ticks all the boxes, and i’m able to impact my future students so they can impact the world.

jordan moreno
                    ’24                  












student success and support
do you have questions about choosing an academic path that’s right for you? want guidance on your classes or course loads? need other support? at georgia southern, we are devoted to providing students with the resources they need to be successful. 






       undergraduate advising      




      call me mister®      




      instructional support and resources center      




      student resources      




      graduate academic services center      






















take the next step


request information
schedule a visit
start your application













 



statesboro campus
            1332 southern drive
statesboro, ga 30458
912-478-4636          

armstrong campus
            11935 abercorn street
savannah, ga 31419
912-478-4636          

liberty campus
            175 west memorial drive
hinesville, ga 31313
912-877-1906          

contact us





news
events
maps
parking & transportation
faculty & staff directory
a-z site directory
bookstore
course catalog
academic calendar
career opportunities
 public safety
equal opportunity & title ix
university system of georgia
accreditation
ethics hotline
open records
privacy
human trafficking notice
 
back to top






 



 



 



 



 


©
      2024 georgia southern university 





