







podiatrist | croydon total footcare











































































we'd love to hear from you - 03 9722 9422  


facebookmailhome
services

bio-mechanics & orthotics therapy

biomechanical assessment
custom-made orthotics
orthotic fitting


diabetes & systemic disease management

diabetes assessment & testing
diabetes management
diabetes education


foot conditions

corns
calluses
bunions
foot pain
heel pain
warts


nail care

ingrown toenails
fungal nail
nail management


children’s foot conditions

feet pain
flat feet
toeing in & out
heel pain
knee pain
ingrown toenails
sprained
warts & other problems


footwear advice & sales

comfort footwear
footwear advice
lacing techniques
slippery heels
running shoes
wide forefoot or high instep


sports injuries

plantar fasciitis
achilles tendonitis
ankle sprains
shin splints & stress fractures




about us

about us
our team


news
faq’s
contact us

search





menu



 











previousnext123welcome to croydon total footcarewe are the most well established podiatrist in croydon and offer a full range of podiatry services.
learn moremake an appointment








opening hours
mon: 9:00 am – 3:30 pm
tues & thurs: 9:00 am – 6:00 pm


make an appointment online

contact us
phone: (03) 9722 9422


give us a call

address
139 mt dandenong rd,
croydon, vic, 3136


let the experts help
we love helping sore feet
our staffs passion
our professional staff are passionate about helping you with whatever you desire as we offer a wide range of services.
you’re in good hands
a few words about us
croydon podiatry has been providing a high quality service and helping customers in the croydon area since 1989 and is still growing.

easy appointmentsneed to see a podiatrist, simply give our friendly team a call to book an appointment or book online.
top equipmentour skilled staff only utilise the finest equipment to ensure all customers are looked after equally
serviceswe offer a wide range of services to help you and your feet no matter what the problem is.
reasonable pricingcroydon total footcare offers high quality services at very reasonable prices


our podiatry services


biomechanics

the biomechanic assessment and creation of your orthotics are the first steps in your recovery programme.

orthotics

we use industry leading materials and techniques in the creation of our custom orthotics.

diabetes assessment

we recommend an annual diabetes assessment and check-up with your podiatrist if you have diabetes or are at risk.


children’s foot conditions

we’ll assess the biomechanics of the lower limb and construct a management plan to monitor their progression and growth.

footwear advice

we can help you with expert advice about your current footwear, and any impacts on your daily activities

sporting injuries

our expert podiatrists have the knowledge and experience to diagnose and treat a wide range of foot issues

 call us today and book in a consultation
call now 


our podiatrists

croydon’s most well established podiatrist
let us introduce ourselves
our podiatrists are experienced in the management of conditions related to the foot and ankle.
our philosophy at croydon total footcare is to provide the highest standard of footcare with a holistic approach to the total person in a caring and quality environment.
meet our our podiatrists are mimi chrzanowski, and craig payne.
what are our patients saying about us?
testimonials

fantastic service. went here on our doctors recommendation for my son’s in-grown-toenail and miriam was wonderful.
she explained every step of the process, considered surgery an absolute last resort, helped my son understand how his toenail got infected and what to do to reduce the chance of it happening again.
our part of the treatment was explained fully and all supplies were available from the clinic. the toenail has been repaired and cleared up with no continued issues. thanks miriam.
anita harvey
i have been attending croydon total footwear for some time now and i can highly recommend them.
the podiatrist mimi is very professional but at the same time very friendly, the same can be said for her receptionists. i have also purchased some revere shoes from them which i can say are the most comfortable shoes i have ever had.
leanne dent
this is what a lovely client had to say on our facebook ad on 13/08/2016
angela crispin – just to let you know our daughter has just gone to a podiatrist in her area, as she has married and moved away. he commented on the quality of the orthotics you had made for her nearly 15 years ago.
still working, still in good condition? updated due to lighter material, and handy to have a spare pair. thank you
lisa telford
professional, knowledgeable and informative sums up his skillful expertise. recommended without reserve. thanks.
nick
craig is at the top of his game..excellent service to treat injuries providing a concise plan to resolve injuries and then ensure they don’t reoccur.
roger elliott
a friend recommended i take my son here after a horrible saga & misdiagnosis, thinking the worst & possible surgery.
miriam was simply amazing!!! put my mind at ease & enabled my son to be pain free & back at sports within weeks!!!
if you are ever unsure with pain from the hip down make this your first point of call. so thorough & knowledgeable cannot recommend highly enough. thank you
kate dickens



mim is great to visit, i now go regularly every 6 weeks and shall continue to do so. have recommended mim to friends.































jennifer pearless






  

about us our philosophy at croydon total footcare is to provide the highest standard of footcare with a holistic approach to the total person in a caring and quality environment.


croydon total footcare address: 139 mt dandenong rd,
croydon, vic, 3136
phone: (03) 9722 9422
email: info@croydonfoot.com
book online

opening hours mon: 9:00 am – 5:00 pm
tues: 9:00 am – 6:00 pm
wed: (by appointment)
thurs: 9:00 am – 6:00 pm
fri: (by appointment)
note: times are subject to change
 







© copyright - croydon total footcare - enfold theme by kriesi
facebookmailhome
our team
about us
contact







scroll to top



not at this time
×
























