




search engine optimization and website design, promotion and marketing services by dda



































dda corp






info@ddacorp.com
              


215.355.6442
              


contact











dynamic digital advertising


            visit our current corporate site ddacorp.com
            learn more about our website design, elearning, video production, software development and programming, mobile apps, and augmented reality services.






the original universal developer for everything mobile, iphone, ipad and web compatible





dynamic digital advertising's "totally digital concept" has helped 
    make dda the pioneer and leader in digital advertising in philadelphia, pennsylvania, 
    new jersey and delaware. from digital 
    photography and digital 
    video to website and print design, 
    dda offers one-stop digital shopping. dda can create a marketing plan for 
    your company, which includes print, internet, cd-rom, 
    and video for your business. dda can help your company create a fully integrated corporate 
    identity on and offline. 
dda sem has been named one of the top 
    ten most dependable search engine marketing firms in the u.s. by goldline 
    research. we provide natural 
    (or organic) search engine optimization for clients enrolled in our surething 
    search engine optimization program. our affordable website optimization 
    program has proven its effectiveness by increasing website traffic as well 
    as rankings in the search engines. along with providing multimedia search 
    engine optimization solutions such as google 
    video adwords, dda can provide your company with contextual 
    ads, banner 
    ads, reputation 
    monitoring and repair as well as pay-per-click 
    programs. we are up to speed with social 
    media optimization strategies and are able to use social 
    media and web 
    2.0 as marketing and advertising tools. viral 
    marketing and email 
    marketing campaigns are also available for development at dda. when choosing 
    your sem firm, demand 
    proof of their abilities and results; when choosing dda there is no doubt 
    that you will be satisfied with our track record.
corporate training and medical 
    technology-based training methods are becoming increasing important in 
    today’s businesses. the development 
    of corporate and medical training tools from cme’s to clinical trials 
    to hr-based role playing, includes several steps. from content development and concept development to the video integration, audio and narration, dda is capable of programming efficient elearning 
    tool designs for your business or medical project. training 
    validation, certification and accreditation are also an important part 
    of the training 
    tool development process.

    for corporate and medical training deployment methods, dda can provide live 
    virtual training, web-based 
    training, training 
    validation, certification and accreditation. a few innovative ways for 
    elearning include employee training on personal digital assistants, ipods, cd-roms and dvds. 
    with dda’s elearning 
    management services, managing your corporate and medical training program 
    is simple. our management services include: managing 
    surveys for automatic email distribution, administrative 
    control, updating 
    tools as regulatory guidelines change,expanding 
    or evolving tools over time, training 
    validation, certification and accreditation.
dda provides customized online 
    applications, on time and on budget. we can create custom designed widgets for your company that can be utilized for social 
    networking, informational, 
    retail
    or business-to-business 
    applications. custom 
    intranets are a useful tool when creating a central hub for your business. 
    dda can handle your company’s intranet 
    design, programming, scalability, 
    installation and hosting. customer 
    relationship management software solutions can be created to fit your 
    needs. dda’s crm 
    software design, programming, scalability, 
    installation 
    and hosting will be the perfect solution for your business or medical 
    organization, be it large or small. we can create custom 
    web applications for powerpoint 
    presentations as well. with this you are able to archive 
    all presentations and materials in a single location making it easier to organize 
    and search 
    though your company’s powerpoint 
    presentations, reorganize them and recreate a fully functional powerpoint 
    presentation, all though your browser. if you can dream it, dda 
    apps can build it.
dda's website design and development, 
    includes hosting, search engine 
    optimization, virtual 
    reality, streaming 
    video, and e-commerce 
    solutions. e-commerce can take many forms, from a request for quotation to 
    dynamically generated shopping, payment, and fulfillment systems. dda offers 
    flash 
    and virtual 
    reality technologies that includes online 
    virtual trade shows. we also design social 
    networking websites and web 2.0 community websites. 
flash 
    animation offers interactivity without download penalty. sound, animation, 
    and embedded video that can be read most browsers (92%). the flash plug-in 
    is the most ubiquitous plug-in on the interent with over a million downloads 
    daily. dda can create an entire website in flash, embed it in an html site 
    or as an opening sequence. virtual reality can be used to rotate a product 
    360° or tour a house or plant. someday, virtual 
    reality utilized to showcase or demonstrate a product or tour a facility 
    will be a virtual necessity.
shooting both traditional 
    and digital photography, dynamic digital advertising was the first digital 
    photography studio in the philadelphia metropolitan area. high resolution, 

    first generation images are faster to capture and eliminate the expense of 
    film developing and scanning. dda is one of the most experienced digital studios 
    in the nation. digital photography is about half the cost of traditional photography, 
    with the result being equal or better quality. another reason why dda's slogan 
    is proof that higher quality can be less expensive™.
with an in-house digital video 
    studio dynamic digital advertising is ready, willing, and able to produce 
    corporate videos for new product introductions and training or streaming video 
    for cd-rom or the internet. dda makes broadcast-quality digital video available 
    at a price that is affordable for companies with modest budgets. since video 
    capture, editing, and manipulation is 100% digital, there is no loss of quality 
    as with analog footage which is often "digitized" to a computer 
    for editing and then returned to tape.
print design and production 
    remain core components for dda. from logos, business cards and sell 
    sheets, to brochures and catalogs, 
    no project is too large or small.
3d graphics 
    are not only useful in animation, they can also be used in many web and print 
    applications. dynamic digital advertising uses 3d modeling in a variety of 
    media, including, print, trade show graphics, cd-roms and videos. it's perfect 
    for industrial illustration and one of the advantages of 3d illustration is 
    that it can be used many times over. simply changing camera angles, lighting 
    and texture treatments allows for a wide variety of imagery. recently, dda 
    developed 3d models that were presented simultaneously as elements of a trade 
    show presentation and proved to be very effective. 
interactive 
    cd-roms can hold a variety of media and a massive amount of information, 
    i.e. 250,000 pages of text will fit on a single cd. consider the possibilities: 
    products, video clips, and virtual video tours can all be integrated on a 
    cd-rom with a leading edge interface that puts the viewer in control. cd-roms 
    from dda can be pressed onto a business card size disc or into the shape of 
    a corporate logo, both play on standard desktop cd-rom drives.
from small to large, inkjet to photographic, mounted to flexible and back-lit 
    - dda is the complete digital source for trade 
    show graphics.
dda is proud of its digital past. we used to say, "we were digital before 
    digital was cool." dda endeavors to build a real relationship with each 
    client, and in the process earn that client's trust. the creative and impactful 
    advertising projects dda develops helps to empower companies and helps those 
    companies to take charge of their digital futures.
 the prostate cancer treatment guide is a comprehensive source of prostate cancer information that is written plainly and organized conveniently into a chart. the simple layout of this guide will ease the daunting task of learning about treatments after receiving a prostate cancer diagnosis.
dda's video website lists information about our video 
    services including scriptwriting, storyboarding, casting, filming, editing, special 
    effects (fx), animation, 
    cd-rom 
    and dvd production and disk 
    label & case design. there is also a glossary
    of video 
    production related terms, which also contains dda invented phrases you 
    may encounter throughout our website. for the best video marketing in the 
    industry choose dda, the agency that wrote the book on innovation.

custom medical elearning design and development
           dda provides award-winning custom medical elearning design and development. dda combines text, video, 2d and 3d animation, voice-over narration, virtual reality, testing components, certification, metrics reporting, and e-commerce features to create rewarding, deeply engaging interactive multimedia experiences that lead to end-user comprehension and long-term memory retention. each elearning platform produced by dda is housed in its own custom designed and developed learning management system (lms), which can be infinitely scaled over time, allowing for the addition of new elearning courses, continual updates to content, and more advanced metrics reports for greater insight into learning experiences. dda's vertically integrated structure and collaborative work environment coordinates technical and creative capabilities for optimal results. contact dda and expand your understanding of what elearning can do.

latest blog posts

medical advertising and marketingâ |â corporate and medical videosâ |â corporate and medical training
search engine marketingâ |â custom software programmingâ |â usa marketing and advertising
interactive media design
search engine marketing philadelphiaâ |â search engine optimization pennsylvania
search engine promotion new jerseyâ |â website design philadelphiaâ |â website marketing delaware
website optimization new yorkâ |â website promotion pennsylvaniaâ |â internet promotion delawareâ 
internet business pennsylvaniaâ |â internet advertising philadelphiaâ |â internet marketing new jersey







dda corp





portfolio


awards


services


executive summary


testimonials 


dda ethics






marketing


latest and greatest


learn and enjoy


timeline


green dda


dda firsts








divisions





ddacorp


ddagames


applesavvy


ddavms


ddamedical






ddavideo


ddaapps


ddacmt


ddasem


ddausa








services





website design & development


search engine marketing


website improvement


intranet sites


programming


marketing & branding


graphic design


copywriting






photography


video/webcasting


cd-rom/dvd


illustration


trade show displays


large graphics


3d modeling


animation


virtual reality














copyright© dynamic digital advertising, llc.  all rights reserved.








