





hunting namibia africa






































home
your hunting safari

your namibia hunt
bow hunting
hunting leopard
hunting cheetah
bird hunting
hunting lodge
activities and tours
travel information


photos

hunting 1
hunting 2
hunting 3
hunting 4
hunting 5
bow hunting
leopard
cheetah
unique species
bird hunting
lodge and activities


prices

price list
hunt specials
terms and conditions


references
about us
contact us
hunting namibia africa

hunting namibia africa at ozondjahe safaris ←
ozondjahe (pronounced oh-zun-ya-hay) hunting safaris is the premier hunting outfitter in namibia. not only are we one of the largest hunting-only private properties in namibia we are one of the oldest in the business as well. we have a newly renovated hunting lodge that is unrivaled plus we offer top quality hunting safaris at an affordable price. we want you to get “more bang for your buck”!
ozondjahe hunting safaris is the perfect destination for first time hunters, seasoned hunters, as well as being family friendly and able to accommodate large groups of up to fourteen. we are located in a malaria-free zone in the central otjozondjupa region of namibia, which is known for its plentitude of game and neighbors the waterberg plateau national park. our hunting territory consists of a variety of differing terrains including an entire mountain range (ozondjahe peak), bush land and open savannahs teaming with huge herds of wildebeest, oryx, impala, eland and more.

our family has owned and operated ozondjahe for over 40 years. ozondjahe hunting safaris is one of the largest privately owned hunting only game reserve in namibia with 75,000 acres (30.000 hectares) or 120 square miles (300 square kilometers) on one solid landmass. our property is ten times larger than the typical hunting outfitter in namibia. most hunting outfitters in namibia claim large hunting areas however they are combining different small properties that they hunt on which you will have to travel between. our vast hunting property makes it possible for you to enjoy your entire hunting safari in one place avoiding the interference of driving all over namibia which cuts into your sleeping, relaxing or hunting pleasure.
please continue scrolling down the page to read more…

there are over 15,000 free range wild animals living naturally within our densely populated game-only territory. we boast unsurpassed trophy quality with over 30 huntable species such as greater kudu, cape eland, gemsbok, blue and black wildebeest, zebra, impala, warthog as well as leopard and cheetah just to name a few. our clients consistently leave with top quality trophies across the board. ozondjahe hunting safaris has an exceptional number of hunting trophies in the top 10 all time record book of the namibia professional hunting association (napha). more than 85% of our hunting trophies reach napha gold medal standards or higher.
you will discover that namibia is not only beautiful with a pleasant climate, it is the easiest, stable, safe and clean hunter friendly country in africa. the airport offers simple in and out for your rifles and the excellent roads makes it an easy country to travel.

every hunting safari we do is custom tailored to meet your specific desires with your unsurpassed satisfaction being our foremost priority. you may choose to hunt one on one (1×1) with your own professional hunter, or alongside a friend (2×1), two hunters with one professional hunter. at ozondjahe hunting safaris, we take considerable pride in the manner in which we conduct our traditional rifle and bowhunting safaris. we also offer a combination bow and rifle hunt for those who are interested. there may be an opportunity, depending upon the season, for some action packed wingshooting as well, click here to visit our bow hunting page and here for our bird hunting page.

in an effort to ensure exceptional trophy quality and sustainable hunting, we choose to offer fewer hunting safaris than many other outfits. we are devoted to conservation and view hunters as our supporting partners in protecting african wildlife and guarding natural habitat for future generations.

at ozondjahe hunting safaris in namibia you will find a superior level of service and hospitality, unparalleled luxurious accommodations, incredible european quality cuisine with some delicious african specialties and a variety of fun and interesting activities for hunters, non-hunters and the entire family.

we have completely redone our entire lodge; three guest bungalows which can accommodate up to four guests each, main lodge house which can accommodate up to 8 more guests, landscaping, pool and awesome african thatch roof pool house (which is really a gigantic comfortable outdoor living space with bar, dining area and living room with fireplace and waterhole game viewing all done in five star african luxury). we can easily accommodate intimate smaller hunting parties up to large multi-family groups in uncompromising comfort. we have hosted corporate groups such as winchester and leica. our warm and friendly staff are here to attend to your every need.

we are proud to have a reputation as one of the most well established, experienced and trustworthy safari companies in namibia. our clients’ testimonials and high rate of returning hunters certainly convey our excellence in hunting better than we ever could. click here to visit out references page to see what our clients are saying about us.
click here for more detailed information about hunting at ozondjahe and in namibia →
click here to view our extensive photo galleries →

 


ozondjahe hunting safaris africa
excellence in hunting since 1980

jerome philippe
i am in namibia at this time.
us cel/whatsapp/signal/facetime +one (seven one four) four seven zero.one one zero two
namibia cel/whatsapp/signal/facetime  +264 (85) 774.5363
 africahunting
email africahunting@gmail.com
website www.africanhuntingsafaris.com
p.o. box 419, otjiwarongo, namibia


our family has owned and operated ozondjahe hunting safaris for over 40 years. it is one of the largest privately owned hunting only game reserve in namibia. we have 75,000 acres,  15,000 animals and more than 30 huntable species. we offer fewer hunting safaris to ensure exceptional trophy quality for bow and rifle hunters. you will find a superior level of service and friendly hospitality at our incredible newly renovated lodge. we host intimate hunting parties up to large multi family and corporate groups and offer a variety of activities. we are proud to have a reputation as one of the most well established, experienced and trustworthy safari companies in namibia. our clients' testimonials and high rate of returning guests certainly convey our excellence in hunting.i will be happy to discuss any aspect of your hunting safari with you and answer all of your questions. please feel free to contact me anytime.


 return to top of page 



for your convenience we accept




signup here to receive discount offers
we will let you know from time to time about exceptional deals, discounted and cancelation hunts... your email address will be kept confidential and will not be shared.





* 
your email address:


* 
enter the security code shown:







email marketing by interspire






 



ozondjahe hunting safaris
namibia



member of
namibia professional hunting association (napha)



member of
safari club international (sci)



founder of
africahunting.com



 

home - your hunting safari - bow hunting  - hunting leopard - hunting cheetah - bird hunting - hunting lodge - activities and tours - travel information - prices - hunting packages and specials - terms and conditions - gallery - references - about us - contact us

site map | © africanhuntingsafaris.com 1997 - 2025    log outreturn to top of page









