








kitchen and bath makeovers in southern california

















































































visit our showroom1-800-828-4380free in-home estimate

cabinet refacingkitchen remodelingbathroom remodelingdoor designsdesign optionsdoor selectionsdesign servicesfeatured servicesbathroom remodeling – keep your bathroom in style and functional with our professional remodeling services.kitchen remodeling – everything you need to design your dream kitchen is right here in our showroom.cabinet refacing – add new life to your cabinets, save money, and reduce waste by refacing your current units.design options – custom cabinets to outfit any room in your home with no limitations on the creativity.other servicesaccessoriesbacksplashesdoor selectionscountertopsislandsentertainment unitsflooringhome officelaundry roomsother living spacesgallerycontact usour advantage – you can expect quality, experience, and integrity in everything we do.aboutblogservice locations






 



custom kitchen & bathroom makeoversquality cabinets. custom design.
professional installation.visit usquality cabinets. custom design. professional installation.save 10% off your kitchensave 10%kitchen remodeling specialistscabinet refacing & new cabinet installationnew cabinets start herefree in-home estimate
save 10% off your kitchensave 10%cabinet magic will exceed your expectationswith quality cabinets and customer servicebathroom remodelingcabinet magic - custom cabinets - cabinet refacing - countertops
over 10,000 satisfied clients in
southern california remodel expertscabinet magic is a full-service kitchen remodeling, bath renovation, and cabinet installation and refacing company servicing southern california customers with solutions that unleash their home's potential. since 1989, we’ve completed over 10,000 renovations and have delighted clients by bringing brighter, roomier, and more modern designs to the most frequently used spaces within their houses. whether it’s a quick cabinet refacing or a complete renovation, we’ll increase the value of your home.get a free quotemake it the home you want it to bekitchens and bathrooms are the two most popular areas to renovate. why? they get a lot of use in every home, and even a minor update, like refacing cabinets, makes a noticeable aesthetic change that instantly adds value to your property. simply brightening the color of cabinets can make the room feel more spacious without even taking down a wall. but if your sights are set on a more expansive remodel, we have the products and services to create your dream space.view servicesfree in-home estimatescabinet refacingkitchen remodelingbathroom remodelingnew cabinetsdoor selectiondesign optionsaccessoriesview all servicesbathroom remodelingkitchen remodelingnew cabinetsbacksplashescountertopsislandswhy choose cabinet magic?our process includes dedicated services from start to finish, ensuring your project is executed flawlessly and exceeds your expectations. we start with a free in-home estimate to discuss your vision and goals. when you visit our 20,000-sq-ft showroom, you’ll choose the products you want to include. before work begins, we'll present 3d design renderings for your approval. cabinets are custom-built in la habra, ca, and our professionals complete the installation.contact usclient reviewsthrough thorough consultations, 3d design renderings, products manufactured in the usa, and professional installation, our project management process ensures there are no surprises when the work is complete. had a complete 50 year old kitchen replaced. down to bare walls and back up to a show piece. added and island and ceiling lights as well as floor tile. even had laundry room resurfaced. employees were excellent craftsman and very friendly. all trash was removed and when job was completed we had nothing to do but enjoy it.edward h.what a great place for all your kitchen needs. we got the flooring, cabinets, and backsplash done all in one place. mark the owner was a great help with his design ideas. the quality of the cabinets are top quality and you wouldn't know it based on what they charged me. thanks again for all your help. now i'm ready to entertain!!brian k.cabinet magic made sure that i love my kitchen.  it came out exactly how i wanted.  i didn't have to settle on one thing.  and it's more functional, love all the drawers and how deep they are, and the soft close hinges on everything.  it's perfect.

i really appreciate the team at cabinet magic!lindsee c.thank you so much for my new kitchen….i love it! great job cabinet magic!lourdes n.eduardo did an outstanding job last friday. he took care of all my issues and did great and thoroughly professional work. my wife and i are very pleased.rossie & daniel i.in todays world a man with good work ethic possessing craftsmanship and dedication to his job that you have displayed while working on our kitchen is rare. it is with happy heart that we would like to express our thanks to you.terry & shelia n.thanks milca. btw, jose & eduardo just left after installing my back splash and it looks wonderful! i'm so happy with all the work cabinet magic has done. we'll soon be at the end of our business relationship and i have only good things to say about everyone.susan n.thank you antonio and joie for making my experience very enjoyable. also to the crew because the results are absolutely stunning! thank you for working with me through the rough spots to finish the project!sara o.a little over a year ago we had a vision of redoing our 1970's kitchen soon realizing we needed a professional to handle the project. i would recommend cabinet magic time and time again! we look forward to working with them on our next project involving a master bed and bath addition.kim v.cabinet magic created my new kitchen in 2009 and completed it in 7-8 weeks. the cabinets and drawers are used very often and they are in amazing condition without any chips/wear and tear noted. they were professional and made sure my requests and concerns were addressed. i would recommend cabinet magic.tonya s.i hired cabinet magic to reface my kitchen after visiting their showroom. it's beautiful! they refaced my entire kitchen taking it from old and outdated to new and modern. i would not hesitate to recommend them or their cabinet refacing skills to others based on my experience.jeannie k.i`m very pleased with all there work i highly recommend there company. i will use them again in the future for any other projects that may arise.pricing, i have had 3 other estimates and cabinet magic blew them out of the ballpark. thank you guys and gals at cabinet magiccarl j.this is a great place for your kitchen. i bought a kitchen 5 years ago in my last house. it increased my value of my home more than i paid for the kitchen. staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. here we go again with my next house. great quality for the price.guy m.i am completely happy with my cabinet magic experience. they were responsive to my needs and made me feel as though they cared. after witnessing all the labor of love that goes into remodeling a kitchen, i felt their prices were very reasonable.  it all turned out better than i imagined!jo ann d.what a great experience. my new updated kitchen has all my friends jealous. we had our kitchen cabinets redone and i could not be happier. the cabinet magic staff was very up front and honest.  i highly recommend cabinet magic. i will see them soon when i get my bathroom remodeled. thanks again.walter j.when we decided to remodel our 1930 craftsman kitchen, we knew it would be a big job. our friends advised, "be prepared to take twice as long as quoted, and cost twice as much". i am thrilled to report that our kitchen was finished within the time quoted. they cleaned up after themselves every day!  and we finished on budget...which was a really big deal to me!!tora m.i highly recommend cabinet magic for anyone interested in a kitchen remodel! we contracted with cabinet magic to create our dream kitchen in 2015. i am very happy to say that cabinet magic was the right decision and i would highly recommend them for any kitchen project you are considering.steve k.find inspiration and ideas at our 20,000-sq-ft showroom.visit our showroom1-800-828-4380quality cabinets. custom design. professional installation.
serving all of southern californiadownload our brochure

name* email*

comments 
  

















at cabinet magic, we believe in quality, experience, and integrity. our skilled team takes pride in delivering superior home improvements at fair prices. with a focus on professionalism and client satisfaction, we're your go-to for top-notch renovations.phone1-800-828-4380location1801 e lambert rd la habra, ca 90631hoursmonday - 9 am - 4 pmtuesday - 9 am - 4 pmwednesday- 9 am - 4 pmthursday - 9 am - 4 pmfriday - 9 am - 4 pmsaturday - 11 am - 3 pmsunday - closedlicense#695757about usaboutour advantageaccessoriesservice locationsservicesdesign servicescabinet refacingkitchen remodelingbathroom remodelingfinancingexplore 0% apr financing for your project through hearth.
0& interest for promotional period only.see optionsconnectfree in-home estimatecabinet magic © 2025 all rights reservedprivacy policysitemapaccessibility statement

free in-home estimatecall nowour advantagecabinet refacingkitchen remodelingbathroom remodelingdoor designssee our door designsdesign optionsdoor selectionsdesign servicessee – design servicesaccessoriesbacksplashescabinet doorscountertopsislandsentertainment unitsflooringhome officelaundry roomsother living spacesgallerycontact us
 

 
 

































