




air sea international forwarding, inc. – cns endorsed cargo agent freight forwarder – freight forwarders – international shipping

























































home
services & pricing
our company
contact
news
 

























supplying at another level
we make transportation a breeze
find out more
fastest delivery
best strategy
discover our special offersfind out more
we cover everything in terms of transportation



plane transportation is the fastest way in certain circumstances.



train transportation is a reliable option for many businesses.



most of our supplying operations are conducted with our own vehicle fleet.




boat transportation is the most cost efficient option for international shipments.





our vans swarm the country all day long to keep our customers happy.




emergency transportation? our helicopter will take care of it.



local transportation over short distances is usually done by bike.


providing a top notch service

we have started this venture ages ago – ever since that moment, we have managed to keep our customers happy. our reputation is based on nothing but the word of mouth.


172

with 172 years in the business, we represent one of the best established businesses in transportation – you can leave yourself in good hands.

when you think about it, all this time means something. we would not be able to work today if our service failed. therefore, you can count on an excellent service – great customer service, multiple transportation options and timely operations.


find out more
how to send your stuff in just two simple steps

there are no complicated procedures if you want to work with us. you just need to get your stuff ready and we will take care of everything else.

the first step implies getting your package ready. put it in a box or wrap it up, then give us a call. you can also bring it to one of our offices and we will take care of the packaging for you. each option has its advantages – choose the most suitable one.
find out more
the second step is all about us. if you want us to come and pick your package up, we will give you a time frame. otherwise, you can bring it to one of our offices and we will take care of everything else – from the actual packaging to the transportation.find out more
get in touch for the best special offers


+1 834 484 7437
customer service available 16 hours a day.
latest news and articles
 
benefits of open pod system
august 31, 2019june 7, 2021
 

closed pod system might not be right for you due to
the limited range of e-liquid flavors available for it or the expense spent on
it is might not be worth anymore. if such is the case with you, you might want
to consider open pod systems. these are customized pods with the same
satisfaction of the pod system but with additional features like a wide range
of flavors in e-juices that come with it. they are more advanced than the
closed pod system and user-friendly so the beginners can easily get used to it.
the open pod system comes with an already filled cartridge of e-liquid and it
is replaced with another one when the first one runs out. click here to avail the open pod system with unlimited flavors
of vape juices.
following
are some benefits of the open pod system 
inexpensive
– bottled up salt nicotine e-juices
are way cheaper than the filled-up pod systems. although the reason for the
different prices is not known, you are going to save a lot of money in the long
run. if you are a regular smoker, you will save a lot of money through this pod
system, unlike the closed pods where you need to contact the manufacturer to
refill the pods which costs you more than the open pods.
all types of
flavors – well, as mentioned above,
you will have access to unlimited flavors of e-juices which you can try.
companies involved in vaping, are producing and experimenting with new flavors
every day which you don’t want to miss. open pod system becomes more
advantageous due to this fact. you can choose the flavors which you want to try
and order them online. if you don’t like it, you can return it, and try a
different one.  
the choice
between salt-based nicotine and freebase nicotine – these customized open pod system come with a feature
that allows you to change your preference of vaping. multiple coils are used
for alternating between the salt nicotine e-liquid and freebase nicotine. this
will also save your money to invest in two different types of vaping devices
for different styles of vaping. it might seem a bit on the higher side in
money, but you are getting two systems in one device, which would handle tons
of flavors in it and will last for quite some time. so, the customization will
be worth it. 
variety in
pod mod systems – the pod mod systems
are dominating the market with their custom features and flexible uses. you
will have many options to choose from the huge variety. they differ based on
size, appearance, features, output, portability, colors, wattage levels and many
more. with such a wide range, you might get confused but keep your preferences
clear and know what you need. 
more
advanced features – there are so many
features in an open pod system than a closed one. advanced customized features
like controlling your vapor intake by adjusting the airflow, wide range of
output modes and temperature controls for monitoring the heating of your coil
will make your vaping experience smoother.

find us on fb

sea-cargo












our main officeair sea international forwarding 
1321 meadowbrook mall road
el segundo, 90245
california, usaget in touch with uscontact us regardless of what 
you need to send – we will make it happen. 

+1 834 484 7437
hello@airseaint.com






							© 2019 air sea international forwarding, inc.. all rights reserved. 						

























