








sarver heart center |

























skip to main content





 




















 





ways to give


 
 
















 


 






home
news
events
directory
log in











 

 
 







aboutmessage from the directorhistorythe sarver familyleadershipdevelopment officecontact usheart healthpreventionadvanced heart diseaseheart attacksheart rhythm disordersstructural heart & heart valve diseaselearn cprinformación en españollearn cpreducationcardiovascular disease fellowship programinterventional cardiology fellowshipelectrophysiology fellowshipadvanced cardiovascular imaging fellowshipconferences & symposiaclinical researchwhat is a clinical trialinvestigator awardsmolecular cardiovascular research programuniversity of arizona ipsc corefind a doctor 

 















 
 

improving cardiovascular health through the pursuit and dissemination of knowledge

 


 

 
 





the sarver heart center










 



message from the director




 








 
  
"my vision for the sarver heart center is one of excellence in cardiovascular care, research, and education. i am excited and honored to lead the sarver heart center and look forward to achieving these goals through partnership with our colleagues and our community."
 
- hesham a. sadek, md, phd
 
 read more  

 

 
 


















research












heart health












professional education






innovating. life-saving. patient care.


 




heart news




 

the inaugural shc cardiovascular research symposium 
02/13/2025
winter in tucson brought more than just enviable weather in 2025: the sarver heart center’s inaugural cardiovascular research symposium, held on february 3-4, 2025, drew participants from across the globe for two days of impactful scientific sessions.

  

 

hesham sadek, md, phd is the new sarver heart center director 
04/29/2024
the university of arizona college of medicine – tucson has appointed hesham sadek, md, phd, as the new director of the sarver heart center and chief of the division of cardiology, effective may 1.

  

 

monique crawford, msn, ms: 'i found my group of people' 
03/04/2024
a former cardiac nurse and clinical coordinator for the sarver heart center's structural heart disease program pivots toward medicine and is on her way to a residency training program in internal medicine.

  

 

 




















support sarver heart center


 
 









sarver heart center
	1501 north campbell avenue  |  tucson, arizona 85724
	tel: 520-626-2000
for physician appointment information, please call 520-myheart (694-3278).
ways to give


 





   





college of medicine - tucson





the university of arizona is an eeo/aa - m/w/d/v employer. admin login
web development by uahs biocom


 





university privacy statement
	© 2021 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.


 
 
  

