








fhlbank pittsburgh




































serving members. strengthening communities.

toggle navigation











financials and capital


financial performance
financial reporting



products


advances
standby letters of credit
mortgage partnership finance® program
bank services

community products


affordable housing program
first front door
community lending program
banking on business
blueprint communities®
home4good





impact


community success stories
community impact resources



public policy network


public policy updates
recent events



about us


our members
our leaders
our advisory council
our team
our mission
diversity, equity and inclusion
corporate governance



resources


member news at a glance
for prospective members
community resources for members & partners
for prospective job candidates
for suppliers and vendors
library
enotes resources




secure website portal login
contact us























2025-2029 district needs assessment report

						this report will help our strategic planning as we explore opportunities to address district needs and make an impact. 
							
read more









fhlbank pittsburgh announces $8.447 million in grants to help fight homelessness

						fhlbank, announced that $8.447 million in home4good grants have been awarded this year to support 95 programs in delaware, pennsylvania and west virginia in the fight against homelessness.
							
read more









fhlbank pittsburgh awards $80.8 million in 2024 ahp grants and voluntary housing grant initiative funding

						the board of directors of fhlbank has approved $50.8 million in award grants under the affordable housing program and $30.0 million through its voluntary housing grant initiative.
							
read more









federal home loan banks publish 2023 impact report

						the council of federal home loan banks, released the 2023 impact report, which details the ways in which the fhlbank system delivers measurable and sustainable impact for communities and individuals across the country.
							
read more









join our team!

fhlbank pittsburgh is continually looking for talent. explore your opportunities! 

read more














01



who we are
founded as a cooperative by congress in 1932, we assure the flow of credit to our members and support their housing finance and community lending businesses. our products and services enhance our membership's ability to conduct business and vitalize their communities.
data current as of sept. 30, 2024.

* as of dec. 31, 2023.
 





283
                            member institutions supported
                        
249
                            employeesstrong
                        
$116b
                            totalassets
                        
$529.5m*
                            affordable housing program grants annually since 1990
                        































resourcesfor members




communityimpact




financialresults
















02



what we do

our products: advances, letters of credit, mortgage partnership finance® program, bank services, community products
discover the benefits of membership











03



why we do it
there’s value in membership. insurance companies, commercial banks, credit unions, community development financial institutions and thrifts are significant participants in the housing markets as lenders, investors and insurers. fhlbank pittsburgh membership provides ready access to liquidity and other services that promote housing, community and economic development.





members


communities


community partners


public policy network


prospective job candidates






there’s value in membership. insurance companies, commercial banks, credit unions, community development financial institutions and thrifts are significant participants in the housing markets as lenders, investors and insurers. fhlbank pittsburgh membership provides ready access to liquidity and other services that promote housing, community and economic development.


eligibility



stock requirements



products for members




member institutions make a real difference in their own backyards through loans and grants that build homes, support businesses and enable communities to thrive.


community products



community success stories




community partners work closely with fhlbank pittsburgh, using the funding that we and our members provide to effect real change in communities. we and all of our partners -- community developers, government officials, social service organizations, citizens groups – work together to make our communities better places to live, work and play.


community products



community profiles



resources for community partners




financial institutions, community-based organizations, housing advocates and anyone with an interest in housing and economic development policy are encouraged to join the public policy network. membership is free and offers opportunities to learn and make a difference.


engagement



information & events



networking




our people drive our success. we foster a diverse and inclusive culture, continually recruiting to find smart, talented people who thrive in an environment that offers countless ways to make a positive impact on our business, our membership and our communities.


team culture



total rewards



opportunities















what's new










member news at a glance


                                	members can view fhlbank news anytime on the news at a glance page.
                                    learn more













press releases


                                	view all of fhlbank's media information
                                    learn more















community product news


see the latest member updates on fhlbank's community investment products
learn more













ppn news


stay up-to-date on issues facing housing, economic development and the fhlbanks
learn more

















get in touch




call 800-288-3400




email



connect

















about us/




our mission
financial reporting
corporate governance
careers







membership/




our members
become a member
member news







impact/




public policy network
success stories
community support statements















serving members. strengthening communities.



© 2025 fhlbank pittsburgh. all rights reserved.

terms of use
privacy policy
website by blue archer




"mortgage partnership finance," "mpf," "mpf xtra" and "empf" are registered trademarks of the federal home loan bank of chicago.
"blueprint communities" is a registered service mark of the federal home loan bank of pittsburgh.









