


lindeburg and company: rotary, masonic, eastern star, job's daughters, rainbow girls, shriners, white shrine, corporate awards, plaques, 
emblems, bulova watches






























"first in the 
			west with emblems" since 1917











visit our specialty
          online catalogs

bulova watches
corporate awards
fine jewelry
masonic
rotary
 














join our email list
email:  




















click here for new rotary items for 2014-2015




   lindeburg 
                              and company, an 98-year-old 
                              family business, has been manufacturing fine jewelry, 
                              custom logos, pins, badges, emblems and other service 
                              club and fraternal organization merchandise since 
                              1917.  our long history of service and loyalty 
                              to our customers has become the standard for our 
                              industry.  we invite you to visit our various 
							specialty catalogs.  we believe that we can 
							serve your every need whether it be rotary emblem 
							merchandise, 
							fraternal merchandise, custom jewelry, corporate awards, or 
							gifts such as the complete line of bulova watches.  
							take some time and browse our catalogs.  if you 
							can't find what you're looking for, give us a call.  
							custom items are something that we are famous for.  




rotary 
							emblem catalog





masonic catalog


corporate awards




fine jewelry



							bulova watches




lindeburg and company is an 
                    official licensed vendor for 
                    

rotary international, and 
                    provides a full line of 

rotary emblem merchandise, including:  awards and plaques, 
                    badges, business cards, club supplies, certificates, decals 
                    & stickers, flags & banners, gavels, rotary pins and ribbons 
                    as well as a full line of jewelry including:  pins, 
                    bracelets, charms, earrings, money clips, necklaces, silver items, watches, etc.


lindeburg has 
                    been a supplier of items for the entire 

masonic  family since 1917.  their catalog includes masonic, 
                    eastern star, job's daughters, rainbow and the shrine.  
                    catalog items include apron holders, badges, bibles, 
                    bracelets, caps, certificates, charms, clocks, dues cases, 
                    flags, gavels, pins, plaques, rings, ritual covers, tiaras & 
                    crowns, trowels, watches and many other items.  if we 
					don't have what you're looking for, give us a call.


after many, many requests 
	to provide award items, we launched our
  
"corporate awards catalog".  browse this 
  catalog for award plaques, clocks, glass & crystal awards, acrylic awards, 
  certificate holders, loving cups, stonecast awards, school and sports awards, 
  watches and other award 
  items.  we've included several hundred items for you to choose from.


lindeburg now offers some of the world's 
					finest jewelry in our  
fine jewelry catalog.  you can 
					order items that are in their catalog and simply choose the 
					size of the stones, or we can have items custom-made for 
					you.  if you're looking for engagement rings, wedding 
					sets, necklaces, rinks, earrings, or any other fine jewelry 
					item, this is the catalog for you.  and . . . 
					everything is discounted 20% reflecting lindeburg's 
					commitment to provide you with the highest quality at the 
					best possible price.  


the addition to our web site of our 
  bulova and accutron catalog 
							 
of watches came after numerous requests to provide an expanded line of 
	this very specific item.  we have access to the complete line of bulova 
	and accutron watches.  if you don't find what you're looking for in the 
	catalog, give us a call and we'll get it for you.



contact us

lindeburg and 
                company
                758 industrial road
                san carlos, ca  94070
                phone:  1-800-243-6253
                fax:  650-592-4803
                email:   
vera@lindeburg.com
store 
							hours   m-f 9:00-5:30  sat 10:00-3:00




   
                        
						 lindeburg and company - 1998-2014 - all
                              rights reserved   
						







 


