







carmellimo - ny limousine service new york city, airport	limousine services. limousine new york city (nyc) & at ny airport






















































carmel





home


rates



general info
					


our affiliated fleet
specials
special group events
faq
about us



reservation


carmel points


carmel perks



customer care
					


get receipt
lost and found
report an issue
other




carmel media
	           	


commercials
jingle videos
affiliate driver help




blog


accessibility statement






menu








'we'll be there for you!'





1-866-666-6666 
international +1 212-666-6666
mobile app
								


quality service at unbeatable prices since 1978



need a ride? just carmel it!





menu

'we'll be there for you!'























































carmel mobile app
                            


carmel limo at your fingertipsand earn $36 car cash ($6 off x 6 trips)
                            


download it now 

















get a quote and lets carmel it!




usa
worldwide
by airport






select market






date



time


--
am
pm


# of people
luggage

next







select market



paris/beauvais, france (bva)
paris/charles de gaulle, france (cdg)
paris/orly, france (ory)other airport

next






airport locator



next


















earn airline miles / points for every dollar you spend with carmel







 


 







 


 







 


 
























previous
next




our special airport prices


from
to










ewr$62
ewr$67



jfk$64
jfk$69



lga$49
lga$54







yul$49.60
yul$49.60



yvr$57
yvr$57



yyz$60
yyz$60







cdg$86.40
cdg$86.40



ory$86.40
ory$86.40



bva$213.20
bva$213.20







lgw$118.07
lgw$118.07



lhr$85.87
lhr$85.87



lcy$85.87
lcy$85.87







bkk$50.99
bkk$50.99



dmk$45.88
dmk$45.88



hkt$42.35
hkt$42.35


















new york city, ny airport limousine service


 carmel car & limo delivers the best new york limousine service. whether it is an airport transfer or a unique tour of new york city we stand behind our commitment
                    as customer's favorite new york car & limo service company. whether it is your vacation or business travel, carmel is the way to arrive or depart in style among nyc airport limousines without breaking your wallet. in addition, carmel
                    provides airport transfers for you in more than 350 of world's top cities.
                

 our best of the industry new york limo service with a affiliated fleet of over 800 late model sedans, minivans, stretch limousines, suvs, and suv super-stretch limos,
                    large passenger vans, offers transportation free of worries. since 1978, our customer friendly service and our record of dependability make carmel car & limousine your best pick for new york limousine service. with our unparalleled
                    dedication to our customers, we have succeeded in providing the kind of service we believe you deserve in new york city and around the world- simple, smooth, and affordable.
                

 due to the fact that our record of success is based on delivering first-rate new york car & limo service at affordable rates, carmel has become the most popular
                    of new york limousines and its popularity is rapidly growing all over the world.
                

                    just sit back and relax while our well trained affiliated chauffeur drives you to your destination in safe and timely manner.
                




worldwide limousine service


 now you can book premium car or limousine in 350 major cities worldwide. consistent reliability and personalized attention makes carmel your best choice for your car & limousine
                    service around the world. working with special affiliated providers all over world you can find the largest selection of sedans and luxury limousines that are comfortable, clean and well equipped. our well experienced affiliated drivers
                    are dedicated to driving you in a safe and on time 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
                

 as of 2009, carmel car and limousine service proudly holds the title of being the largest limousine service in the world. be it airport transfer or special occasion no
                    one gives you better price. grab your booking right now and avoid sell-out."we'll be there for you!" 





carmel mobile app
carmel limo at your fingertips download it now
and earn $36 car cash ($6 off x 6 trips)




















reliable new york limousine service


                    for more than three decades, carmel limo new york has been a synonym for limousine new york, or limo ny for short. carmel is still the company of choice when looking for a reliable, experienced new york limousine service. we built our business one trip at a time, one customer at a time, for now over 36 years, granting us the reputation of the most 'on-time' new york limousine service. through the years we developed in two directions. first, we expanded our services, bringing our new york limousine know-how to all 360 locations we service worldwide. customers around the world often comment how riding in a carmel vehicle overseas feels like being in a new york limo. second, our worldwide service made us experts in airport transfer. 
                

                    carmel holds partnerships with more airlines and travel related websites, than any other transportation company in the world. in summary, our story starts with being a small nyc limousine company, through becoming the new york limousine service of choice, sharpening our airport transfer skill to be recognized by all major airlines as the new york airport service to partner with, and armed with all of the experience, expand our services worldwide. 
                

                    we wanted to thank our loyal customers for making all this possible, and if you are a first time visitor to our site, we welcome you and hope you will try our service and become a carmel customer. nothing beats a limo new york ny style experience, and no-one does limos new york like carmel. so, when you think limousines new york, think carmel, everybody else does and, if apps are your "thing", please look for the carmel easy to use app, available on google play (for android) and on the app store (for iphone).
                




earn an additional discount when youhelp spread the word about carmel
















            when making a reservation with carmel, you will be given with the opportunity of receiving a $3, $4  or even
            $5  off of added savings when providing carmel with an email of a friend or a family member, and help spread the word about carmel
        























home
contact us
useful links
open account
reservation
terms & conditions
privacy policy
accessibility statement



copyright © 2019, carmel car & limousine service, new york, ny. nyc tlc license # b00256 all rights reserved.















