


a.j. mahari self help psychology - life coaching - personality disorders - codependency, bpd, npd, aspd, sexual abuse



































soul self help










the history of this website


							soul self help is the first website that a.j.
                                                mahari put together online in april of 1995. it is a
                                                site that she wrote a lot of information for and assembled
                                                some other information for as well. for information that was contained in
                                                the self mastery blog and narcissism (npd) blog that were available on this site
                                                please check back for that information to be posted soon at a.j.'s main blog you can find her
                                                bpd blog and check
                                                back here soon for her new loved ones of bpd blog address (currently being moved).

							 as a.j. mahari, herself reflects, "finally, now, in
						2009, this site has been re-designed and i have added to
						that re-design a new theme. the theme that this website
						uses as its base is a theme that has unfolded in a very
						rich and meaningful way in my own life in years since i
						first created this site with the theme of the
						transitional nature of change and the metaphor of the
						butterfly. this site's theme is now, "perfect speed
						is just being there." which is my favourite line in
						richard bach's book, jonathan livingston seagull".
                                                        
the purpose of this website

soul self help reflects my experience in
                                                my own life of actualizing a more consciousness awareness
                                                of and to healing, recovery, purpose, promise, and passion
                                                in ways that represent my authenticity and my overall
                                                spiritual and general life philosophy. a philosophy that
                                                has as its centre the belief that pain and adversity are
                                                not only challenges but that they are also wonderful growth
                                                opportunities.
                                                

                                                this website features self help and self improvement information
						designed to assist you in the change you seek in your
						life. designed also to inform you on various issues
						related to healing and recovery on the path toward
						personal growth and personal enlightenment. an on-going
						process of increasing your awareness to the unfolding
						moment in your life with a focus on how to be more fully
						present to each and every unfolding moment, one moment
						at a time, safe in the knowledge, emotional equanimity,
						and peace of knowing that through the practice of
						radical acceptance, "perfect speed is just being
						there."
						


the symbolism of the seagull


the symbolism of the seagull in particular in various native american
                                                 cultures includes a care-free attitude, versatility, and freedom.


						 in celtic mythology birds are used to represent prophetic
                                                 knowledge and skill. when one combines the animal symbolism of
                                                 a wide variety of cultures the bird, generally, is symbolic
                                                 of communication, freedom, and sight along with
                                                 the soul and transcendence. they are spirits of the air representing
                                                 ascent - a rising upward movement.

                                                 the movement upward from a lower to
                                                 a higher state, generally within the journey of life is, in my opinion,
                                                 the ascent of the authentic self - the soul - as each one of us continues to mature,
                                                 to grow, to evolve, and to seek authentic self improvement
                                                 from and through which we seek to more fully be present to the here and
                                                 now. the ascent that is this upward movement throughout the journey of life
                                                 which may well not be limited to this world is profoundly illustrated by
                                                 the journey of bach's main character, jonathan livingston seagull in his
                                                 book of the same name.

                                                 as bach's character, jonathan livingston seagull, continues to soar, to learn
                                                 how to fly higher and faster, applying the lessons of his experience, an elder
                                                 tries to guide jonathan with the wise words, "... perfect speed is just being
                                                 there." it is an example of the importance of not only the journey
                                                 and the reached for destination but also the importance of experiencing
                                                 each moment of the journey. to that end, bach's character is given the lesson that
                                                 i think we can all benefit from applying to our own life philosophies of
                                                 "perfect speed is just being there."


                                                 i interpret the importance of "perfect speed is just being there"
                                                 to be a message about the reality that no matter what is going on in our lives
                                                 at a given time the best way to meet any and all challenges or mistakes and stresses
                                                 - which are truly growth opportunities - by just being present to them - just
                                                 being there. wherever or whatever there means or is representative
                                                 of in your life right now.
                                                 

                                                 sometimes, in our lives, the there has to do with unresolved emotional
                                                 pain that our unwillingness to face gives our power over to in ways that leave
                                                 us stuck in patterns that block change and growth and self improvement. if we aren't
                                                 consciously present to the the there moments of our lives "perfect speed"
                                                 is rendered irrelvant because our choices are impeding our movement. instead of
                                                 having any movement to contend with we end up stuck. stuck with aspects of our
                                                 pasts colouring and in fact, often, re-creating past experience in our here and now
                                                 in ways that rob us of the precious and sacred unfolding here and now moments of our lives.
                                                 moments that come to pass as all moments do. moments that we cannot ever get back again.
                                                 



a.j. mahari's life coaching services
general life coaching
coaching for those with borderline personality disorder or loved ones




web site dedication

this web site is dedicated to the liver of
					life, the seeker of more, and to all of you who, like i,
					were wounded, have incurred many heart-wrenching losses,
					endured much pain and still search for a better, happier and
					more peaceful way. it is there for the finding. it must
					first be found from deep within yourself. each one of us
					will identify a different, individual "happier" or more
					"peaceful". to look for something that we might think others
					have or "everyone else" has is to fool ourselves into
					suffering needlessly based upon cognitively distorted and
					unworthy comparisons.
					

                                        all you have to do, is follow your path on your journey in your life.
for your way is the way for you.
					do not compare yourself to others. esteem and awaken to the worth of you,
					just being you. your life is unfolding as it should. you can learn to find and
					practice and attitude of gratitude for everything in your life, the good and
					the bad, the happy and the sad - all that is paradoxical when you awaken to
					the awareness that you you can learn that your experience and beingness can
					be centered in each unfolding moment, one moment at a time. in the most
                                        stressful and painful experience of a moment, all you need to do is be present
					to what you are feeling, radically accept it in a mindful way and then just
					breathe.
                                        


the mandate and mission of this website

the mandate


                                        the mandate of this website was first
					set forth, in its original incarnation, when i was searching
					for a greater understanding of who i authentically was.
					having now, years later firmly come to an understanding of
					who i authentically am the mandate of this website, while
					somewhat changed, remains largely the same. it is my hope
					that this website and its information will be a safe place
					to land, a safe place to fall, as you sit at your computer
					seeking what it is that you so want and need to find in your
					own life. the mandate of this website is really one of faith
					in action. it is one that seeks to minister in ways that
					aren't "religion specific" but in ways that are spiritual in
					their framework and foundation. this has always been the
					mandate of this website though i didn't actually ever come
					right out and articulate that before. i do so now because
					all these years later - 13 years since i first created this
					website - i believe it is important to not hide the fact
					that what i write here and include here for you, in fact, is
					coming from my own service to my own faith. my own belief in
					the importance of giving back.
                                        

the mission


                                        the mission of this website is to
					provide an environment of information in a warm and caring
					way that will give you a feel for where i am coming from and
					why. i hope that you will experience the compassion and care
					that has gone into what i have included here for you - the
					seeker of more. if you are in pain today, please know that
					your pain is seeking to bring to you some sacred awareness
					from deep within you that can and will teach you what you
					need to know to heal, recover, create the change you want
					and need in your life - to improve yourself - whatever that
					may mean to you.
                                        





                                        each one of us has a sacred contract with his or her authentic
                                        self to awaken in much more fully aware ways to the authentic self
                                        and to make manifest that growing authenticity in this world
                                        in consistent, congruent and positive purposeful ways that enable
                                        each one of us to be as inter-connected to the main that is humanity in
                                        multitude of ways that seeds can be planted and gardens can be nurtured.
                                        the paying it forward of planting seeds, watering, and tending to the
                                        nurturance of planted seeds in the ever-evolving journey of what the garden
                                        of your life is will make manifest in your life the unfolding journey that
                                        seeks to teach you even more about what it means to be fully you.
                                        
a.j.'s personal message


                                        to each person who seeks information that can be found on this website, along with
                                        others, i just want to emphasize a message of hope for you. wherever you are in your
                                        life right now, it is my wish for you that you have a connection to hope.

                                        
                                        if you do not feel that connection to hope right now, which can often lead to feelings of
                                        despair, know that this does not mean that you can't or won't find or re-establish a previous
                                        connection to hope. it is painful to feel hopeless. hopelessness, is at times, a part of the
                                        journey of healing, recovery, and/or personal growth. as a 
mental health and life coach i have found that clients often come from a place
                                        of feeling hopeless. remember, feeling hopeless, while valid if that's how you feel, does not
                                        actually mean that there isn't hope in your life or situation to be found - it doesn't mean
                                        there isn't any hope for you at all. it just means that's how you are feeling right now. radically
                                        accept that. do not invest energy into the negativity of worrying about the state of feeling
                                        hopeless. that's not the way to re-connect to or to find hope.
                                        

                                        hope is a central driving force toward and for positive life change. often psychological, emotional,
                                        spiritual, and even physical pain, is the beginning of the awareness that change is needed.
                                        what so often comes with that pain, that burgeoning awareness is a challenge to whatever
                                        hope you may have had thus far in your life. that's why it is so important to have an
                                        attitude of gratitude to draw positive inner-energy from in times that challenge with
                                        distorted or negative thoughts that can and do negatively effect how one feels which also
                                        can compromise your hope. remember, pain is a teacher of the lessons that require our attention.
                                        pain is valuable. avoidance of pain only keeps people in pain longer, suffering longer, and
                                        all-too-often losing their connection to hope.
                                        

                                        it is hope that can and does spring eternal,
                                        i believe, from our spiritual centre. so much of what each person seeks, can and needs to at one
                                        point or another, be recognized as being a part of his or her spiritual growth and getting to know more about
                                        your authentic self. so much of the 
life coaching that i do with clients comes down to the spiritual reality of
                                        of and quest for hope and a greater understanding of authentic self.
                                        




a.j.'s life/mental health bpd & emotional mastery coaching


a.j. mahari is a 
life coach 
mental health coach borderline personality disorder (bpd) coach
who also coaches loved ones of those with bpd.
what does all of this mean? it means that a.j. mahari coaches people in these specific areas as well as
general life coaching as well. the only reason for the different "titles" in front of coach, is to denote the population of
clients that i work with. if i am coaching clients with mental health issues and challenges i am in those sessions a mental
health coach. the same for the other areas of my coaching expertise. all of my work as a coach, in the areas i coach clients
in, focuses on similar aspects of people's lives, concerns, and journeys but with different approaches on my part. i work with
clients to help them create healthy positive life-affirming change in their lives - to help them identify and achieve their
goals and dreams. part of that process involves education and a lot of this sacred process involves listening to my clients
and asking questions that help my clients to open new avenues of thought and self-exploration. the cornerstones or touchstones of my coaching involve actively listening to you through the compassion, understanding, validation and non-judgmental and
eclectic approaches i employ to help you to find what it is that you most want and need in your own life.

a.j. mahari's life coaching services
general life coaching
coaching for those with borderline personality disorder or loved ones
mental health coaching
codependence/toxic relationship coaching


this site is copyright a.j. mahari, 1995-2016 was last up-dated jan 2, 2016 - all rights reseved.

  











