















home - dental select

































skip to content












menu

members get the most from your plan
employers customized benefits to fit your company
brokers a benefits partner you can trust
providers build your business with us
forms need a form? find it here
blog expert insights and everything else dental


find a provider
find a plan
login
 

















×
find a provider locate a dental or vision provider near you
members get the most from your plan
employers customize benefits to fit your company
providers build your business with us
brokers a benefits partner you can trust
forms need a form? find it here
blog expert insights and everything else dental
login
 












 

different by nature

insurance can be complicated, but that’s not us. what’s our secret, you ask? we do things differently — starting with our unwavering commitment to positively impact the lives of those we serve. and while we’ve come a long way in 34 years, we’re just getting started on our mission to make insurance simple, straightforward, and affordable for everyone.

about us









individual plans
no employer coverage? no worries. we offer various dental and vision plans to fit your needs. plus, you can get the same quality care and access to providers as those with employer coverage, all at an affordable price.
learn more
 



group dental
our employer plans are designed to meet your company’s unique needs, with choices for preventive care, restorative treatments, and orthodontic options. and with transparent benefits and top-notch customer service, we’ll make your dental insurance easy.
learn more
 



group vision
we partner with both eyemed and vsp to provide affordable and comprehensive vision plan coverage. whether you need basic eye exams, prescription glasses, or specialty treatments, your benefits will have you covered.
learn more







dental select + ameritas = the formula to unbelievably easy insurance.
dental select’s group and individual products are underwritten and insured by ameritas life insurance corp. ameritas is one of the country’s largest dental and vision carriers, offering a wide range of insurance and financial products and services, serving millions of customers. and they’re experienced, too, with a legacy that stretches to the late 19th century. we’re proud to work together, and you can be confident you are in good hands.
learn more













products + group dental
group vision
individual & family plans
resources + brokers
employers
members
providers
blog
language assistance
website feedback
about + our story
contact us
careers
ameritas partnership
corporate + appeals
privacy
report fraud
 










© 2025 ameritas mutual holding company.
the names ameritas and dental select, the mark “fulfilling life”, and the bison and cheeky smile designs are registered service marks of ameritas mutual holding company and its affiliated subsidiary companies, including ameritas life insurance corp. and select benefits group, llc, d/b/a dental select. all rights reserved.














