










dvd demystified











welcome to
    jim taylor's dvd demystified site, 
    where all (ok, most) of your dvd questions are 
    answered in the dvd faq.



dvd faq reader feedback:


    "maintained by minor tech legend jim
taylor, it's not your typical faq. outside of the starr report, it just
might be the most thorough document known to man--though hardly as prurient."
--michael yessis, e! online





dvd faq
the original, one and only, dvd faq. est. 1996.
ultraviolet faq
ultraviolet was a system for buying, download, and streaming movies 
over the internet. more information in jim's
ultraviolet faq.  
blu-ray disc demystified, mcgraw-hill (11/2008)

blu-ray disc demystified gives blu-ray the "demystified" treatment with details 
on development, physical format, logical formats, applications, myth busting, 
advantages/disadvantages, and more. more information at the
bddemystified web site.



dvd demystified, third edition, mcgraw-hill (11/2005)








			jim was joined by renowned dvd developer mark johnson and award-winning 
video director chuck crawford to update dvd demystified with details of the 
latest developments and formats.


detailed descriptions of dvd, hd dvd, blu-ray disc (bd), umd, and 
		more.
over 200 information-packed charts and figures, including a quick 
      reference section. 
clear and understandable explanations of features and 
      technologies. 
includes a dvd with samples from broadcast 
      dvd, dolby, dts, joe kane productions, microsoft, ovation software, thx, 
      widescreen review, and others, plus webdvd html 
      files, spreadsheets, and more. 


why you should buy dvd demystified

demo disc contents 
table of contents 
online glossary 
reader comments 
errata (see the dvd faq 
      for supplements and updates) 






order online from
    amazon.com (u.s.) or
    amazon.ca (canada). if you're on the other side of the pond,
    order online from
    amazon.co.uk.







(if you order after following these links, amazon pays a small 
    commission to jim.)
 




		 
dvd demystified 2nd edition is available in japanese.





download 
        barcodes for using the dvd demystified disc with pioneer 
        7400/7300/7200 industrial players.








everything you ever wanted to know 
    about dvd, 
    published by mcgraw-hill (11/2003)





the most comprehensive, quick look-up guide to dvd facts, figures, and 
      formats available anywhere
general dvd information 
dvd's relationship to other products and technologies 
dvd technical details 
dvds and the computer 
dvd production









    this is the dvd faq in print. if 
    you've ever wished you had a copy of the faq to read on the bus, at 
    breakfast, or in the bathroom, your wish has been granted.


order online from
    amazon.com (u.s.) or
    amazon.ca (canada). if you're on the other side of the pond,
    order online from
    amazon.co.uk.







(if you order after following these links, amazon pays a small 
    commission to jim.)
 



the official dvd faq




dvd faq - the official frequently 
      asked questions list of the rec.video.dvd newsgroups. 
reader comments about the dvd faq. 





changedetect 
      will tell you when the dvd faq is updated. 







more stuff from jim taylor
i keep a separate list of my presentations, 
publications, and other productions. here are a few selections: 



  dvd 101 and then some - article from my appearance on leo laporte's call 
  for help tv show. 
top dvd myths.

stuff from other jim taylors

the music of james taylor. he 
  has his own faq.
the official site of jim 
  taylor, football hall of famer.
jimtaylor.com. the funny one.

related stuff
if you're interested in learning more about digital audio/video and related 
technologies, i recommend the following books:



  dvd authoring and production, by ralph labarge. takes up where dvd 
  demystified leaves off, explaining the ins and outs of producing, 
  distributing, and selling dvds.

a 
  technical introduction to digital video, by
  charles poynton. very 
  technical, but excellent and authoritative.


  digital video and hdtv: algorithms and interfaces, by
  charles poynton. supersedes
  a technical introduction to digital video.


video demystified, 3rd ed, by
  keith jack. a wealth of 
  technical details on video and mpeg. (the title is similar, but there's no 
  connection to dvd demystified.)


principles of digital audio, 4th ed, by
  ken 
  pohlmann. the top technical introduction to cd and digital audio.


the art of digital audio, 3rd ed, by john watkinson.


the art of digital video, 3rd ed, by john watkinson.


mpeg-2, by john watkinson. a good overview of digital audio, 
  digital video, and mpeg-2.


digital video: an introduction to mpeg-2 by barry g. haskell and 
  arun n. netravali. an understandable technical introduction to mpeg-2.


  cd-r/dvd disc recording demystified, by lee purcell. a guide to 
  burning cds and dvds.





