

















visit pittsburgh | official tourism site for pittsburgh, pa



































skip to content







newsletter


discover your persona





                    14°f
                                    


0
saved










navigation


















 




things to dofree things to dofamily funtours & sightseeingoutdoor adventurearts & cultureshoppinghealth & wellnesspittsburgh sports teamscasinos & gamingfilm festivalsevents & festivalssubmit your eventthis week in pittsburghannual eventsholiday eventshalloween eventsfilm festivalsfood festivalsmarathons, runs & walkspittsburgh celebrates juneteenth freedom daypittsburgh black music festivalhotels & resortsrestaurants & culinarybars & nightlifepittsburgh craft brewerieswineries & distilleriesfarms & farmers marketsplan your trippittsburgh insiders guidediscounts and passesbeyond pittsburghtransportationexplore black culture & heritagelgbtqia+ travel in pittsburghpet-friendly travelcollege visitssenior travelmedical travelaccessibility guideweatherwelcome centersnewsletterneighborhoodsmeetings and eventsmeet in pittsburghhotelsevent servicesmarketing toolkitgroup toursubmit rfpcontact usshow your badgesportspittsburghabout sportspittsburghsports event plannersports facilitiescalendar of eventssports event attendeepower of sports economy


weddings & reunionsmediapartners

discover your persona
                                    












 










 






















pittsburgh will surprise you
your new year begins in our city of multitudes frigid temperatures are still rocking the region, which means plenty of seasonably cold activities are still happening throughout the city, like winter pop-up bars and downtown's iconic outdoor ice skating rink. 






 











 valentine's day is also right around the corner, so grab your favorite people and head out to pittsburgh's most romantic destinations. the city is also coming together to honor black history month, and we put together a list of just some of the great black-owned businesses you can support.
for those ready to ditch their winter coats, we've got a lineup spring scenes to fling yourself into. the spring flower show kicks off at phipps conservatory, the pirates host the yankees in this year's home opener at pnc park and friday fish fries will fill the area for a few weeks.








 





















 need more ideas? take a ride on the inclines and grab the perfect photo as the snow falls. or, just pick a new neighborhood to explore!
fill your itinerary by picking a new craft brewery to try or refueling with dinner plans featuring iconic pittsburgh eats such as the 2024 james beard award-nominated apteka and pusadee's garden. 
rest up at fantastic accommodations to recharge for the next day of exploring. 


credit |jody mader






 


credit |jody mader















 



the pick is in! pittsburgh will host the nfl draft in 2026.






                        
                
                    
        
partnered with the pittsburgh steelers, pittsburgh has officially been selected to host the nfl draft…

learn more 








 



lonely planet’s 2025 global best in travel






                        
                
                    
        
pittsburgh was featured on the top 10 cities list, the only u.s. city selected! 

find out more! 





























 



2026 nfl draft

learn more 








 



upcoming concerts in pittsburgh






                                            
                
                    
        
plan your 2025 spring concert lineup at iconic pittsburgh venues.

learn more 








 



where to enjoy the best mocktails in pittsburgh






                                            
                
                    
        
uncover the bars and restaurants with mocktails that perfectly complement any moment.

learn more 








 



unique date nights in pittsburgh






                                            
                
                    
        
celebrate the one you love with these unique pittsburgh date night ideas!

learn more 








 



trace echo: an uptown gathering space for coffee, pints & pittsburgh community






                                            
                
                    
        
since early october, there's been a new venue in town with a familiar name, trace…

learn more 








 



best donut shops in pittsburgh






                                            
                
                    
        
pittsburgh’s donut scene is a true treasure for anyone with a sweet tooth.

learn more 

















plan your trip








 

family fun
won't you be our neighbor?
learn more






 

arts & culture
pittsburgh is a city of eclectic cultures, communities and neighborhoods that help create the vibrant arts…
learn more






 

restaurants & culinary
global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods
learn more






 

annual events
the signature events that make pittsburgh a destination every year
learn more






 

pittsburgh sports
in pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold.
learn more




















celebrating a diverse pittsburgh







                                            
                
                    
        
discover how pittsburgh’s diversity and vibrant 90 neighborhoods make our region a major travel destination to discover and celebrate.

diverse pittsburgh 






 








 















share your story on social #lovepgh













bringing the community together







                                            
                
                    
        
visitpittsburgh, along with our network of community partners, has worked to craft a 10-year tourism development plan that establishes the foundation for a more impactful and prosperous tourism ecosystem.

learn more 






 











 
 
plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide











contact usprivacyblogabout us








120 fifth avenuefifth avenue placesuite 2800pittsburgh, pa 15222
(412) 281-7711toll free: (877) 568-3744




 

©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy












this site uses cookies to enhance your experience.

            


accept



experience builder

















 







quick search










full search








 




location map




 








