












aqua | essential utilities










        skip to main content
      








home








              eportal
            



              disruption map
            



              service alerts
            







what are you looking for?










customers




new customers


customer assistance programs


water rates


guides & tips








partner with us




business development


suppliers


essential foundation








all about water




water quality


wastewater


infrastructure projects & updates








about aqua




states we serve


aqua in the community


work for aqua


sustainability report








pay my bill
















aqua











providing water services since 1886




















our states


aqua provides water and wastewater services across eight states. click the state you are interested in to learn more about how we serve our customers.














illinois


                aqua illinois is committed to providing safe and reliable water and wastewater services to 14 counties across the prairie state.
              


                    discover aqua illinois
                    







indiana


                aqua indiana is committed to providing safe and reliable water and wastewater services to 15 counties across the hoosier state.
              


                    discover aqua indiana
                    







ohio


                aqua ohio is committed to providing safe and reliable water and wastewater services to 20 counties across the buckeye state.
              


                    discover aqua ohio
                    







pennsylvania


                aqua pennsylvania is committed to providing safe and reliable water and wastewater services to 32 counties across the keystone state.
              


                    discover aqua pennsylvania
                    







new jersey


                aqua new jersey is committed to providing safe and reliable water and wastewater services to 11 counties across the garden state.
              


                    discover aqua new jersey
                    







virginia


                aqua virginia is committed to providing safe and reliable water and wastewater services to 37 counties across the old dominion state.
              


                    discover aqua virginia
                    







north carolina


                aqua north carolina is committed to providing safe and reliable water and wastewater services to 51 counties across the tar heel state.
              


                    discover aqua north carolina
                    







texas


                aqua texas is committed to providing safe and reliable water and wastewater services to 53 counties across the lone star state.
              


                    discover aqua texas
                    




















water quality




aqua has been committed to providing the highest quality water and wastewater services to our communities since our beginning in 1886. learn more about the steps we take to ensure these stay high. 





            explore water quality
            















wastewater




for more than 135 years, aqua has been committed to maintaining the technology to treat your community’s wastewater in compliance with local, regional and national environmental quality standards.





            learn more about wastewater
            

















water tips




surprised by an unusually high bill? suspect a leak? want to ensure that your pipes don't freeze in the winter? we're here to help.think ahead! don't use water to defrost frozen foods. instead, leave them in the fridge overnight. it saves water, and it's safer, too.





            see more tips
            















aqua in your community




aqua provides more than just water and wastewater services. our employees live in and are a part of the communities we serve. that’s why we are committed to giving back and helping our communities to thrive.





            see how we're helping
            















partner with aqua






is your municipality looking for assistance managing your water and wastewater services? we can help. explore what we can do for you with our expertise and willingness to invest in your community.









                    partner with us
          























aqua stories





 









aqua pennsylvania acquires greenville sanitary authority wastewater system in mercer county





                  read more
                  










 









aqua nc installs 7 pfas treatment systems





                  read more
                  










 









roaring creek mandatory water conservation





                  read more
                  










 









aqua pa funding to remove pfas from drinking water





                  read more
                  










        view all stories
        





















work for aqua




news




media requests




essential utilities






social menu



























          contact us
          








terms of use


privacy policy


accessibility



      © 2025 essential utilities, inc. all rights reserved
    
762 west lancaster ave., bryn mawr, pa 19010
877.987.2782





        jump back to top
      





