home | berkman klein center   skip to the main content   menu  harvard berkman klein center logo harvard berkman klein center logo main navigation events community publications projects & tools programs education topics people  secondary navigation about us news get involved  search o-icon__search homepage news      bkc 2024-25 updateread 2025 forecasting from bkc faculty and community event | monday, february 24, 2025      intellectual property, covid-19, and the next pandemic: diagnosing problems, developing cures event | tuesday, february 25, 2025      deregulating ai labor: deportation by any other nameantonio casilli, professor of sociology at the institut polytechnique de paris and by-fellow at cambridge's churchill…the latestnews  applied social media lab welcomes rudy fraserthe applied social media lab, a pop-up initiative of harvard university's berkman klein center for internet &…jan 29, 2025 news  announcing the inaugural cohort of applied social media lab fellows at harvard university’s berkman klein centerwe are thrilled to announce the inaugural cohort of applied social media lab (asml) fellows at harvard university's…nov 26, 2024 news  bkc x ai student safety team announce event seriesbkc x ai student safety team (aisst) are collaborating to present a speaker series featuring a lineup of experts in ai…nov 1, 2024 event  the impact of conspiracy theories: at home and onlinefrom “pizzagate” in 2016 to recent claims of the government controlling the weather in the wake of hurricane helene,…november 20, 2024  communitythe latest news and commentary from our community. see all community posts  open global rights smart borders killtechnologies impact every aspect of migration, petra molnar writes, and are often used without proper regulation or…  petra molnar feb 13, 2025  yale law journal foruma.i. and captured capital“firms have set out to quantify or reduce all elements of workers’ experience to data.”  ifeoma ajunwa feb 12, 2025  marconi societyinternet resilience technology institute reportjim cowie and colleagues identify four primary threats to internet resiliency, and propose nine initiatives that…  jim cowie feb 11, 2025  foreign policydoge is hacking americabruce schneier and davi ottenheimer argue that “the u.s. government has experienced what may be the most consequential…  bruce schneier feb 11, 2025  dcreportefficiency − or empire? how elon musk’s hostile takeover could end government as we know itrsm visiting scholar allison stanger believes that elon musk’s new involvement with government is unlikely to be…  allison stanger feb 10, 2025  the atlanticit’s time to worry about doge’s ai plansaffiliates bruce schneier and nathan sanders warn of the risks posed by doge’s extreme approach to ai implementation.  bruce schneier feb 10, 2025  world economic forumthe digital commons: how to harness blockchain for better governancemark esposito and coauthor eduardo araral explore how blockchain technology can enhance the governance of digital…  mark esposito feb 7, 2025  the hillif china shares ai, the us can’t afford to lock it outfellow ben brooks comments on responses to deepseek’s open-source r1 model.  ben brooks feb 6, 2025  featured programs see all programsfellowship programthe berkman klein center for internet & society welcomes an interdisciplinary and diverse community of academics and…the institute for rebooting social mediathe institute for rebooting social media is a three-year "pop-up" initiative that will address the biggest questions in…professional learning and engagementprofessional learning and engagement (ple) at the berkman klein center offers transformative experiences for…applied social media laba new home for technologists and practitioners to reimagine, rebuild, and reboot social media to serve the public good…  featured projects see all projects & toolsnetwork of interdisciplinary internet & society research centersa collaborative initiative focused on interdisciplinary research on the development, social impact, policy implications…metalab (at) harvardexplores the digital arts and humanities through research, teaching, publications, and exhibitionslumenlumen collects and studies online content removal requests, providing transparency and supporting research and analysis…artificial intelligence and the lawthis initiative focuses on new challenges and opportunities for the law created by the rise of ai.  featured topics see all topicsethics and governance of aithe rapidly growing capabilities and increasing presence of ai-based systems in our lives raise pressing questions about the impact, governance, ethics, and accountability of these technologies around the…media, democracy, & public discoursethe way we communicate online evolves and changes shape rapidly. through research, the building of tools, and bringing together diverse viewpoints and underrepresented voices, we seek to examine, analyze,…technology & the lawsoftware, hardware, platforms, and networks are regulated by sometimes conflicting and overlapping sets of laws, policies, and norms. new technologies are constantly creating new frontiers for policymaker…governance of technology & the internetnetworked technologies are complex, multi-layered, interdependent, and subject to multiple competing interests. through original research and by creating connections between stakeholders, we work to build…   stay in touchsubscribe to our email list for the latest news, information, and commentary from the berkman klein center and our community. subscribe the berkman klein center for internet & society at harvard university  1557 massachusetts avenue, 5th floor, cambridge, ma 02138 phone: (617) 495-7547 fax: (617) 495-7641  footer privacy policy accessibility digital accessibility unless otherwise noted this site and its contents are licensed under a creative commons attribution 3.0 unported license. icon-mail icon--twitter icon--facebook icon--youtube icon-medium icon-soundcloud