


handicap accessible showers | ada bathrooms | shower seats and more | barrier free



























shopping cart
15 items







total (usd):
$15.00



checkout







home
blog
contact us





search









walk in showers


ada showers


shower pans


walk in bath tubs


shower seats


water stoppers


 shower accessories


grab bars


wheelchair ramps
























expert advice. personalized service. talk to us now.

handicap accessible products tailored to you for residential and commercial usesmaintain your level of personal independence and satisfaction while staying safe. our large selection of handicap showers, ada compliant showers, and handicap ada-compliant bathroom accessories are manufactured for people of all abilities.





walk in showers
				






handicap accessible walk in showers  are designed to provide a safe, convenient alternative to stepping into a bath tub.  stylish and  luxurious  these multi-piece units are ideal for home remodels and offer a 30 year warranty.





ada showers
				






ada compliant transfer shower stalls  and ada roll in showers  are available as one piece or multi piece units. units are designed to meet current codes, and are manufactured with full plywood backing. no need to recess the floor.





shower pans
				






our accessible shower pans are used for residential  remodels or ada commercial projects.  barrier free pans are slip resistant, available in many sizes and drain locations.  custom tile over pans are also available.





shower seats
				






folding shower seats are available in a variety of  styles, sizes and finishes. available for residential and commercial use,  the  seats are engineered to ensure safety, comfort  and independence while showering.




 

walk in bathtubs
				






for many seniors and people with limited mobility, walk in tubs provide the  opportunity to live on one’s own, without assistance, remove safety concerns around bathing, and enhance  independent living.










 showeraccessories
				






our accessories complete a shower installation. the t water stopper, a unique solutions to prevent wet floors, a hygenic weighted shower curtain or 
an ada shower mixing valve package ensure a safe comfortable shower.













return policy
terms and conditions
privacy policy
contact us
testimonials





























        
