








papa bear's northwoods store - baraboo | rustic home furniture




























s3949 county hwy bd baraboo, wi 53913
				phone: 608-355-9488








menu


home
about us
current specials
our products
photo gallery
recently viewed items
contact us






				search
                


















	welcome to papa bear's northwoods store

	rustic furniture, home decor & gifts in baraboo wi

	nestled against the rolling hills of the baraboo bluffs, the serene comfort of the northwoods awaits you.  whether you are building a new log retreat, updating your living space, or you have a case of cabin fever, our helpful staff will help you find what's "just right!".  many unique and one-of-a-kind pieces available to take home today or let us deliver it to you. 


























dining room furniture



bedroom furniture



upholstered furniture



pub/bar furniture



lighting



living room/ocassional tables



bedding



taxidermy



rugs



decor, gifts and more






		where nature inspires lifestyle

		here at papa bear's you will find a large collection of unique log, reclaimed barnwood, and rustic furnishings.  our furniture is proudly made in the usa, and includes an abundance of amish-made options as well.


			aspen bedroom, living room, and pub sets

			black walnut dining sets and occassional tables

			cedar bedroom sets

			hickory dining sets, bedroom sets and occassional tables

			reclaimed barn wood for every room

			pine dining sets and occassional tables

			sliver cut occassional tables in a variety of wood species

			freestanding bars and barstools

			repurposed wine and whiskey barrel pub tables and furniture

			upholstered furniture made in wisconsin by best craft furniture and marshfield furniture

			table lamps, floor lamps, and transitional lighting

			taxidermy

			vast, ever-changing array of prints, decor and gifts! 






papa bear's northwoods store is located at:

		s3949 county road bd (business highway 12).

		just 2 miles south of ho chunk casino,

		or 2 miles north of baraboo on bd.


	  


service area: baraboo, 
madison, 
beaver dam, 
waunakee, 
de forest, 
portage, 
wisconsin dells, 
lodi, 
pardeeville, 
poynette, 
la crosse and surrounding communities. 





home | 
about us | 
current specials | 
our products | 
photo gallery | 
terms & conditions | 
contact us



























papa bear's northwoods store
		s3949 county hwy bd,  baraboo, wi 53913 (see map)
		phone: 608-355-9488

we accept
		








hours:
	open: mon, wed thru sat 10-4 pm
	closed:tuesday/sunday

if you would like an appointment: 608-355-9488 

if you are building or completing a home, you can select furniture and get it delivered asap.
	huge inventory always on hand 




page summary: papa bear's northwoods store offers amish furniture, home 
furnishings, cabin decor and rustic bedroom furniture. products such as cottage 
furniture, barnwood furniture, cabin furniture as well as handmade furniture are 
also part of the scope of our business. we also specialize in antler decor, 
hardwood furniture in baraboo, wisconsin dells, lake delton as well as 
reedsburg. other areas we serve include sauk city, portage, pardeeville and 
montello. we also service lake wisconsin, prairie du sac and beyond.


© 2015 - 2025 papa bear's northwoods store, all rights reserved.


responsive / mobile websites, website design, hosting & seo by page 1 seo design llc 
		





