


home - the academy of magical artsthe academy of magical arts  	





















































































tickets are now on sale for our 2024 awards show! click here to purchase



members 




























about

about our clubhouse
about the academy
club history
board of directors & trustees
ama hall of fame


visiting

now appearing
dress code
castle fees
frequently asked questions
houdini séance
for your event


membership

associate and magician membership
junior society


spacer
dining

dinner menu
brunch menu
bar menu
wine menu
dessert menu


gift shop
contact us

 





the world-famous magic castle!invited guests with a valid invitation may call (323) 851-3313 ext. 1 to set up their visit.  learn magic! classes now availablemagic university about the magic castlewhat are we all about, how did we form, & more!find out more become a memberjoin our private club and enjoy the mysterious perks only few have seen.learn more houdini séancethe 13th chair is always empty...but not for long!experience it! private groupsschedule your private event at the magic castle today. for groups of all sizeslearn more 


the world-famous magic castle!
invited guests with a valid invitation may call (323) 851-3313 ext. 1 to set up their visit.
 


 learn magic!
 classes now available
magic university 


about the magic castle
what are we all about, how did we form, & more!
find out more 


become a member
join our private club and enjoy the mysterious perks only few have seen.
learn more 


houdini séance
the 13th chair is always empty...but not for long!
experience it! 


private groups
schedule your private event at the magic castle today. for groups of all sizes
learn more 














showtimes




there are many shows to see. some are on stage. some are close up. they go on throughout the evening, and you can enjoy them all whilst still managing other indulgences.
show schedule







membership has its miracles




the academy of magical arts is one of the world’s preeminent magical organizations, dedicated to the advancement of the craft and the preservation of its remarkable history. find out how to join.
learn more







visit our gift shop




hundreds of items, straight from the academy of magical arts and its famed clubhouse. magic classes, apparel, souvenirs, playing cards, books, mementos. even gift cards, which we'll happily mail on your behalf.
shop now












a distinguished club

the academy of magical arts at the world-famous magic castle has been awarded the distinguished club exceptional status. meeting the baseline distinguished criteria, for providing exceptional service, facilities, and amenities, while consistently achieving a strong nps and mei metrics.








the house has its secrets

a visit to the magic castle is always amazing, literally. the mansion is full of surprises, the dining is superb, and the shows are no  less than remarkable. you’re in for a truly unique, unforgettable experience.








the houdini séance

houdini promised his beloved wife that he would, if he could find a way, send her a message from the other side. we hear you, harry. experience a splendid meal and the elegance and mystery of a victorian séance.














stay in the know!












leave this field empty if you're human: 


the magic castle® is an exclusive private club. guests must be invited or accompanied by a member.
 
dress code strictly enforced.
 
reservations: (323)-851-3313
 
7001 franklin avenue
hollywood, ca 90028


hours of operation

 [ clubhouse ]dinner - monday - sunday 5:00pm - 1:00ambrunch - saturday & sunday 10:00am - 3:00pm [ reservations ]monday - sunday 9:00am - 5:00pm [ executive offices ]monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pmsaturday - sunday closed 





© 1996-2025privacy policycopyright noticeemployment opportunities















embrace the enchantment of our cookies!
we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.acceptdeny



member login

to access private content please login.

username or email address


password

 remember me


 





