



caribbean real estate | caribbean property • terra caribbean


































































barbadosgrenadatrinidadst. lucia 





caribbean real estate
the trusted caribbean property and real estate experts.  we are here to ensure you feel  comfortable and confident  to make informed decisions. 


start your property search now





where would you like to explore?
barbadosgrenadatrinidadst. lucia










why terra caribbeanknowledgecaribbean real estate is our business; knowledge is our passion. our unmatched wealth of market data will help you make informed decisions.experiencewith 60+ years of real estate experience, trust that you’re in good hands. our team will expertly guide you through buying or selling your property.regional reachour real estate knowledge goes a long way. our market coverage in trinidad, grenada, st. lucia, and barbados takes you even further. 

terra caribbean
terra caribbean is the trusted and leading real estate firm serving the caribbean.
whether you are looking for a commercial or residential property in barbados, grenada, st. lucia or trinidad, you can browse our website to view a selection of homes, offices, commercial buildings, land, and other real estate opportunities in the caribbean. we also provide you with a comprehensive suite of real estate services for both residential and commercial properties in the caribbean. no matter your objectives, our dedicated teams can expertly guide you through property purchases, sales, long-term rentals, management and valuations. with a history in real estate dating back to the 1950s, terra caribbean is founded on a passion for real estate knowledge. we actively invest in knowledge and resources to help you make more informed decisions about real estate in barbados, grenada st. lucia and trinidad. our regional reach and wide-ranging services offer clients a broader perspective on all caribbean real estate matters.
interested in buying, renting or selling a home or a commercial property in the caribbean? browse our real estate portfolio and services. more 



barbadosthe terra caribbean office in barbados is located in welches st. james and seamlessly connects the west and south coasts of the island. over the past 60 years, we have built an integrated real estate services firm, catering to a range of clients from first-time homeowners to developers and companies with income earning portfolios. with access to our online knowledge database and a full list of in-house services, clients can trust our team of professionals to expertly guide them through all property matters in barbados. 
grenadathe terra caribbean office in grenada is conveniently located at upper floor, spiceland mall, morne rouge, st. george. we offer a complete range of real estate services, and avidly track market trends and transactions to provide clients with accurate and timely knowledge on the property market in grenada. from the first consultation, clients can feel confident that they have all the information and support they need to make an informed decision on properties in grenada. 
trinidadthe terra caribbean office in trinidad is situated in the center of the island’s bustling capital, port-of-spain. founded in 1999, terra caribbean trinidad comprises 21 property professionals who offer a full range of real estate services. with over 80 years of combined experience and in-depth knowledge of the trinidad property market, clients can expect exceptional service and proven results when looking to purchase, sell or rent properties in trinidad.
st. lucia the terra caribbean office in st. lucia is conveniently located on reduit beach avenue, rodney bay and offers a combined 71 years of experience and in-depth knowledge of the st. lucian real estate market and a complete suite of real estate services to satisfy our client’s needs.
 



our services
at terra caribbean, you receive all-encompassing real estate services. whether you’re looking to purchase, sell, or rent a home or commercial real estate in the caribbean, our team of agents will streamline the entire process from the initial meeting to the final closing. we also help commercial building owners, condominiums and property owner associations with facility management services. our comprehensive and detailed approach helps you stay focused on other priorities while we ensure the safe and efficient working environment of your commercial or residential building. in the event you require consultancy services such market appraisals, rental reviews, portfolio reviews or other market studies, our advisory services department offers the clear and impartial advice you need to make sound decisions.at terra caribbean, we can help with all your caribbean real estate matters. our services include real estate brokerage, long-term rentals, valuations and consultancy services, commercial facility management, residential property management, marketing, administration and financial reporting. we are the full-service real estate leader in the caribbean and continue to invest in knowledge and resources which empower you to make more informed decisions. for more information on how we can take care of your caribbean real estate needs, get in touch with terra caribbean today.more 






we stay focused on what we do best, real estate. for holiday rentals, check out the holiday home specialists, blue sky luxury.

 terra luxury caters to the niche luxury property market, partnering with knight frank to showcase the region’s finest properties.




site plan
terms of use
privacy
blog
cookies





close x





















