

psyllids home page

















 psyllids 
        or 'jumping plant lice' (psylloidea, hemiptera)



 


this 
                page is created and maintained by
diana m. percy 
 
all 
                images, unless otherwise noted, are copyright © diana m. percy



 



an 
              endemic legume-feeding psyllid (acizzia sp.) from the pacific austral islands. 
              photo © ron 
              englund



 


an 
              endemic  legume-feeding 
              psyllid from the atlantic canary islands, arytinnis nigralineata 
              (male), with a parasitic mite 




welcome to 
        psyllids.org 
this site is an ongoing 
        project to present and summarize general information about psyllids, their 
        biology, host plant associations and the economic and ecological impact 
        that pysllids have on man-made and natural environments. it also presents 
        specific research on psyllid faunas in different parts of the world.

other 
        psyllid pages currently under development:
psyllid acoustics
psyllid 
        morphology
macaronesian island psyllids
pacific island psyllids 
psyllids of economic importance
 psyllids 
        (psylloidea, hemiptera)  
psyllids or 
        'jumping plant lice' are small phytophagous, phloem feeding insects that 
        are typically monophagous (feed on a single plant) or oligophagous (feed 
        on a few related plants). together with aphids, coccids and whiteflies 
        they form the monophyletic group, sternorrhyncha (homoptera), which is 
        considered basal within the true bugs (hemiptera). psyllids are probably 
        the most benign of these four insect groups and therefore the least well 
        studied. ‘sternorrhyncha’ refers to the rearward position of the mouthparts 
        relative to the head. the homoptera are no longer considered to be monophyletic, 
        refer to:
'hemiptera 
        and homoptera' at university of california, berkeley
 and the 
        hemipteran 'tree of life' page
psyllid fossils 
        have been found from the early permian before the angiosperms evolved. 
        thus, psyllids may have primitively fed on gymnosperms, or even lycopods 
        (hodkinson, 1980). the explosive radiation of 
        the angiosperms in the cretaceous was paralleled by a massive radiation 
        of associated insects, and many of the morphological and metabolic characters 
        that the angiosperms exhibit may have evolved as defenses against herbivorous 
        insects. primitively, insects were probably saprophagous with a shift 
        to the more complex lifestyle of herbivory, a secondary adaptation (mitter, 
        farrell & wiegmann, 1988). allocation of resources in plants can vary 
        seasonally, within an individual plant, between individuals, and from 
        species to species. an example of this is the phenological changes in 
        chemical profile of flowers, leaves, stems, and fruit for the legume species, 
        adenocarpus (greinwald et al., 1992). 
        the changing character of an individual plant is a complex and challenging 
        landscape to herbivorous insects (wink, 1992). an 
        insect that attains an adaptive peak on one plant species is likely to 
        be in an adaptive trough on another species (janzen, 
        1979). 
 coevolution?
 insect/plant 
        interactions have been important in defining models of coevolution and 
        cospeciation. in the canary islands metapopulation structures combined 
        with local variation in host plant ecology and habitat/island fragmentation 
        may support thompson’s ‘geographic mosaic theory of coevolution’ (thompson 
        1994; gomulkiewicz et al. 2000; thompson 
        & cunningham 2002; percy 2003). however, 
        in many cases it is believed that herbivorous insect speciation is sequential 
        in relation to the host plant (jermy, 1976; menken, 
        1996; percy et al. 2004). 
plant/insect 
        interactions have been important in contributing to the debate on coevolution. 
        thompson (1994) challenged the conventional co-speciation 
        model in his book ‘the coevolutionary process’ pointing out that - interactions 
        between plants and insects may not result in fixed traits in species that 
        can then be mapped onto a phylogenetic tree, but instead there may be 
        a shifting geographic mosaic, combining differences in the physical environment 
        and the local genetic and demographic structure of populations. so that 
        plant/insect interactions may involve localized coevolution, that is not 
        taken into consideration by a strict model of pairwise species for species 
        coevolution.
 references 
        
gomulkiewicz, 
        r., thompson, j.n., holt, r.d., nuismer, s.l. & hochberg, m.e. (2000) 
        hot spots, cold spots, and the geographic mosaic theory of coevolution. 
        american naturalist 156,156-174.
greinwald, 
        r., bachmann, p., witte, l., acebes-grinoves, j.r. & czygan, f-c. (1992) 
        taxonomic significance of alkaloids in the genus adenocarpus (fabaceae-genisteae). 
        biochemical and systematic ecology 20, 69-73. 
hodkinson, 
        i. d. (1980) present-day distribution patterns of the holarctic psylloidea 
        (homoptera: insecta) with particular reference to the origin of the nearctic 
        fauna. journal of biogeography 7, 127-146. 
janzen, 
        d. h. (1979) new horizons in the biology of plant defences. in herbivores. 
        their interaction with secondary plant metabolites. (ed. g. a. rosenthal 
        and d. h. janzen), pp. 331-350. academic press, new york. 
jermy, 
        t. (1976) insect-host-plant relationship - coevolution or sequential evolution? 
        symposia biologica hungarica 16, 109-113.
menken, 
        s. b. j. (1996) pattern and process in the evolution of insect -plant 
        associations: yponomeuta as an example. entomologia experimentalis 
        et applicata 80, 297-305. 
mitter, 
        c., farrell, b. & wiegmann, b. (1988) the phylogenetic study of adaptive 
        zones: has phytophagy promoted insect diversification? the american 
        naturalist 132, 107-128. 
percy, 
        d.m. (2003) radiation, diversity and host plant interactions among island 
        and continental legume-feeding psyllids. evolution 57, 
        2540-2556. pdf (1599 kb)
percy, 
        d.m., page, r.d.m. & cronk, q.c.b. (2004) plant-insect interactions: 
        double-dating associated insect and plant lineages reveals asynchronous 
        radiations. systematic biology 53, 120-127. 
        pdf (233 kb)
thompson, 
        j. n. (1994)the coevolutionary process. university of chicago press, 
        chicago. 
thompson, 
        j.n. & cunningham, b.m. (2002) geographic structure and dynamics of 
        coevolutionary selection. nature 417, 735-738.
wink, 
        m. (1992) the role of quinolizidine alkaloids in plant-insect interactions. 
        in insect-plant interactions, vol. 4 (ed. e. bernays). crc press, 
        boca raton.

go 
        to: psyllid home page, psyllid 
        acoustics, psyllid morphology, 
        macaronesian island psyllids, pacific 
        island psyllids, psyllids of economic importance
all images, 
        unless otherwise noted, are copyright © diana m. percy
created 2002. 
        updated 20/01/2005. return to top of page




 
psyllid 
        home page
psyllid 
        acoustics
psyllid 
        morphology
macaronesian 
        island psyllids
pacific 
        island psyllids
psyllids 
        of economic importance 
psyllid 
      taxonomy, host plants, and bibliography  site by david ouvrard et al 
 






  


