











terms and conditions - megan's law public website






















session timeout warning




                        your session will expire in:
                        

click "continue" to keep working, or "log out" if you are finished.



log out
continue



















an official pennsylvania government website






translate








pa megan's law









menu





                        offender search
                        


county
municipality
city
zip code
mile radius
name
non-compliant offenders
sexually violent predators / sexually violent delinquent child
transient offenders




                        megan's law info
                        


history of the law and federal facts
registration details
notification
crimes code of pennsylvania
pennsylvania state police home page
pennsylvania access to criminal history

frequently asked questions
terms and definitions
contact




                        related links
                        


safety/victim links
sexual offenders assessment board
klass kids foundation
pennsylvania amber alert
state prison inmate locator
federal inmate locator
national sex offender registry
right-to-know law notice
office of the victim advocate
pennsylvania board of probation and parole




                        community tools
                        


approved registration/verification sites

megan's law annual reports
total count of active registrants
count of registrants by residence, employment, school and county




register
log in







unsupported browser warning
you are using an outdated version of internet explorer.

        this website will offer limited functionality in this browser. we only support the recent versions of major browsers like chrome, firefox, safari, and edge.
    
close


welcome to the pennsylvania state police megan's law website.
warning
any person who uses the information contained herein to threaten, intimidate, or harass the registrant or their family, or who otherwise misuses this information, may be subject to criminal prosecution or civil liability.

 accept



decline



        pennsylvania's general assembly has determined public safety will be enhanced by making information about registered sexual offenders available to the public through the internet. knowledge whether a person is a registered sexual offender could be a significant factor in protecting yourself, your family members, or persons in your care from recidivist acts by registered sexual offenders. public access to information about registered sexual offenders is intended solely as a means of public protection, any other use prohibited.
    

        pursuant 42 pa.c.s. § 9799.28 and § 9799.63, the state police has established this website to provide timely information to the public on registered sexual offenders who reside, or are transient, attend school, or are employed/carry on a vocation, within this commonwealth.
    

        pennsylvania's megan's law, 42 pa.c.s § 9799.32(1) and § 9799.67(1)  , requires the state police to create and maintain a registry of persons who reside, or is transient, work/carry on a vocation, or attend school in the commonwealth and who have either been convicted of, entered a plea of guilty to, or have been adjudicated delinquent of certain sexual offenses in pennsylvania or another jurisdiction.
    

 when viewing the information on this website, please be advised that:



            the information contained on this website has been provided by the registrant and/or
            other entities.
        
some of the information contained on this website may be outdated or inaccurate.

            this website is not a comprehensive listing of every person who has ever committed
            a sexual offense in pennsylvania.
        

            the only way to positively identify a person posted on the internet website as a
            sexual offender is to compare the offender's fingerprints against the fingerprints
            taken at the time of arrest or incarceration.
        

            if you have a reasonable belief that any of the information on this website is outdated
            or incorrect, please contact the megan's law section of the pennsylvania state police
            toll free at: 1-866-771-3170.
        







                    this website is for informational purposes only - if you have an emergency, crime,
                    or incident to report, please contact your nearest police agency or call 911.
                

                    questions regarding the contents of the psp megan's law website?
                
call 1-866-771-3170











josh shapiro, governor

colonel christopher paris, state police commissioner


contact us







                                social media
                                







like on facebook



follow on x



follow on instagram










accessibility
privacy & disclaimers
translation disclaimer
security


                copyright © 2025 pennsylvania state police. all rights reserved.
            






site terms & conditions

×



warning
any person who uses the information contained herein to threaten, intimidate, or harass the registrant or their family, or who otherwise misuses this information, may be subject to criminal prosecution or civil liability.

accept

                        decline
                    


                    pennsylvania's general assembly has determined public safety will be enhanced by making information about registered sexual offenders available to the public through the internet. knowledge whether a person is a registered sexual offender could be a significant factor in protecting yourself, your family members, or persons in your care from recidivist acts by registered sexual offenders. public access to information about registered sexual offenders is intended solely as a means of public protection, any other use prohibited.
                

                    pursuant 42 pa.c.s. § 9799.28 and § 9799.63, the state police has established this website to provide timely information to the public on registered sexual offenders who reside, or are transient, attend school, or are employed/carry on a vocation, within this commonwealth.
                

                    pennsylvania's megan's law, 42 pa.c.s § 9799.32(1) and § 9799.67(1)  , requires the state police to create and maintain a registry of persons who reside, or is transient, work/carry on a vocation, or attend school in the commonwealth and who have either been convicted of, entered a plea of guilty to, or have been adjudicated delinquent of certain sexual offenses in pennsylvania or another jurisdiction.
                

 when viewing the information on this website, please be advised that:



                        the information contained on this website has been provided by the registrant and/or
                        other entities.
                    
some of the information contained on this website may be outdated or inaccurate.

                        this website is not a comprehensive listing of every person who has ever committed
                        a sexual offense in pennsylvania.
                    

                        the only way to positively identify a person posted on the internet website as a
                        sexual offender is to compare the offender's fingerprints against the fingerprints
                        taken at the time of arrest or incarceration.
                    

                        if you have a reasonable belief that any of the information on this website is outdated
                        or incorrect, please contact the megan's law section of the pennsylvania state police
                        toll free at: 1-866-771-3170.









