 








 



home » marco » the leader in vision diagnostics


































































































 












skip to the primary navigation.skip to the content.global – preloaderglobal – above header menu bar



 advancing eyecare™ alliance
800-874-5274

 my account

 log in to


go to meeting
online training
screenconnect













search for:search button

menumenuhomeproducts





menu – products – vision diagnostic equipment

		vision diagnostic equipment
 


menu – products – exam lane products

	exam lane equipment

 


menu – products – miscellaneous

	miscellaneous 
 
 




autorefractor/keratometersdry eye diagnosticsimaging systemslensmeters 


myopia managementopdrefraction workstationstonometers 


acuity systems & chart projectorsexamination chairs & standsrefractorsslit lamps 


other instrumentssupplies 
 


 


 

support





menu – services
 services
 


menu – marco care – protection plans
 protection plans
 


menu – marco care – equipment warranties
 equipment warranties
 
 




about aec servicesrepairs & routine maintenancepractice assessmentsservice faqservice policyrequest service 


protection plansrequest protection plan quote 


warranty informationwarranty registration 
 


 

newscompany





menu – company – about title
 company info
 


menu – company – resources
 resources
 


menu – company – portals
 marco portals
 
 




about usthe marco storypartnershipsgovernmentfinancing 


find your area managerfind marco eventsdistributorstestimonials 


online training 
 

contact0announcement bar
home - main hero slider









    al-scan myopia


   quick, easy, and accurate axial length measurement – even on young children
	

learn more












    introducing the ts-610 with fully assisted refraction system


   where the testing is conducted by patients themselves. then the eye care practitioner completes a final check, and the refraction is complete.
	

learn more












    5 benefits of digital refraction


   are you missing out by not going digital?
	

learn more












    explore marco products


   take your practice to the next level with products that are higher quality, more ergonomically designed, better integrated, and deliver more efficient functionality.
	

learn more



















home










    supplies














    refractors














    acuity systems & chart projectors














    autorefractors/keratometers














    dry eye diagnostics














    examination chairs














    imaging systems














    instrument stands














    lensmeters














    refraction workstations














    tonometers














    other products














    slit lamps





















 contact marco
for 50 years marco has been in the business of defining best practices with empowering technologies, unparalleled integrated support, and proven growth strategies. invest your trust in marco first.
learn more






featured products







trs-6100


    refractors







opd-scan iii


    opd







ion imaging


    imaging systems







lm-1800


    lensmeters







tonoref ii


    autorefractor/keratometers







encore auto exam chair


    examination chairs







deluxe 2 stand


    instrument stands







ultra m5


    slit lamps







epic-6100


    refraction workstations
















find your marco lombart area manager
search now





find events near you
search now





customer success stories











i purchased my opd scan iii about a year ago. i’m using it in my practice to increase efficiency. i previously had the opd scan ii and i upgraded to the opd iii for the increase in technology that this unit offers. one of the things i like abou...read morei purchased my opd scan iii about a year ago. i’m using it in my practice to increase efficiency. i previously had the opd scan ii and i upgraded to the opd iii for the increase in technology that this unit offers. one of the things i like about my scan iii is that it gives me better measurements. so, when i send patients out for surgery we can look for toricity, corneal toricity and see if they need a toric iol and i can explain that to the patient. also, in contact lens fittings, the information received allows me to fit contact lenses much faster because of the information provided. from a refractive point of view, it gives me my starting point much easier so that when i see my patient it only takes me about a minute or less to refine their prescription so that it can be used in my practice. another advantage of my scan iii is that, with my staff, it is easy to use and learn. also, when patients come in, there’s a “wow” effect from the technology that my office has that other offices in my area do not have.
read less




michael wood, od


 greenville , sc, 
 

























if you ask eye care practitioners what is the most important piece of equipment in their office, most will tell you it is the biomicroscope. i invested in marco's ultra series of slit lamps many years ago, and i still haven't seen anything that...read moreif you ask eye care practitioners what is the most important piece of equipment in their office, most will tell you it is the biomicroscope. i invested in marco's ultra series of slit lamps many years ago, and i still haven't seen anything that compares to this level of quality.
read less




janet mint, od


 jacksonville, fl, 
 

























my investment in the marco total refraction system has been one of the best i've made. the technology offers efficiency, reliability, great medical and refractive information, and a phenomenal wow factor to patients. because of its efficiency a...read moremy investment in the marco total refraction system has been one of the best i've made. the technology offers efficiency, reliability, great medical and refractive information, and a phenomenal wow factor to patients. because of its efficiency and accuracy, it's enabled me to consistently have one less employees and see 3-6 more patients a day. over the last 8 years with marco, i've bought 9 automated lanes and 2 opd autorefractors. i cannot imagine how my practice could have grown so much and so fast without having integrated the marco total refraction system.
read less




oliver lou, od


 cedar park, tx, 
 

























the addition of the trs takes accuracy to a whole new level and provides me with the ultimate refraction information that we’ve been seeking. now, we have happier, more satisfied patients with fewer remakes and they enjoy less time it takes bei...read morethe addition of the trs takes accuracy to a whole new level and provides me with the ultimate refraction information that we’ve been seeking. now, we have happier, more satisfied patients with fewer remakes and they enjoy less time it takes being refracted.
read less




larry patterson, md


 crossville, tn, 
 

























with the xfraction system’s speed and accuracy, i was able to grow the practice in the space that i had. i now have 2,100 square feet and three lanes. at first, i thought i needed just the one system, but after only a month in the new office, i...read morewith the xfraction system’s speed and accuracy, i was able to grow the practice in the space that i had. i now have 2,100 square feet and three lanes. at first, i thought i needed just the one system, but after only a month in the new office, i realized i needed all three lanes running with the same process. it’s been a tremendous benefit to the practice.
read less




april jasper, od


 west palm beach, fl, 
 

























the marco refraction system has completely changed the way i practice optometry.  this innovative technology has enabled me to cut down on my time refracting, allowing me to spend more quality time with my patients. the ease of the system allow...read morethe marco refraction system has completely changed the way i practice optometry.  this innovative technology has enabled me to cut down on my time refracting, allowing me to spend more quality time with my patients. the ease of the system allows me to proficiently see more patients. i rarely go a day without patient commenting on how high tech my office is and how quick and painless an eye exam has become. i’ve gotten patient referrals from other customers exclusively based on how impressed they were with my equipment. in today’s internet savvy world we must stay up to date on technology and separate ourselves from the competition.
read less




andrea knouff, od


 andrea knouff, od, 
 

























the incorporation of the new epic automated refraction system along with the tonoref ii into our practice has not only made the routine and post-op refractions more accurate, but has improved our refractive cataract surgery work flow - the post...read morethe incorporation of the new epic automated refraction system along with the tonoref ii into our practice has not only made the routine and post-op refractions more accurate, but has improved our refractive cataract surgery work flow - the post-op interim examinations between the two surgeries is quicker, more accurate and does not require any eye drops. our technical staff really appreciate the enhancement to their work flow as well!
read less




richard prince, md


 southampton, pa, 
 

























in our large, high volume practice, the epic has been an excellent fit. the cost of the equipment is more than recaptured in staff savings and a smoother, better workflow for staff and surgeons. it also reinforces a message that we want our pat...read morein our large, high volume practice, the epic has been an excellent fit. the cost of the equipment is more than recaptured in staff savings and a smoother, better workflow for staff and surgeons. it also reinforces a message that we want our patients to hear: we are committed to staying on the cutting edge of technology to deliver the best possible outcomes.
read less




myra cherchio, administrator


 tampa bay, fl, 
 

























the trs is completely programmable, allowing for the delegation of the refraction to staff, if needed. it features the ability to compare the new prescription with the old one at the touch of a button, as well as a one-touch toggle for "quick r...read morethe trs is completely programmable, allowing for the delegation of the refraction to staff, if needed. it features the ability to compare the new prescription with the old one at the touch of a button, as well as a one-touch toggle for "quick refract" series.
read less




jennifer l. stewart, od


 norwalk, ct, 
 

























i didn’t want to use a manual refractor, so i bought the epic refraction system. my staff and i trained on it for about a day, and i moved all of my refractions over to the epic with opd and trs refraction system. using this system exclusively ...read morei didn’t want to use a manual refractor, so i bought the epic refraction system. my staff and i trained on it for about a day, and i moved all of my refractions over to the epic with opd and trs refraction system. using this system exclusively has led to better patient flow, increased precision in refractions, increased profitability and reduced risk of transcription errors. what’s more, the ergonomic features have eliminated my overhead arm movement. the console platform for the refraction is waist high. i operate it from a chair and simply turn one dial and push an occasional button. if you’ve experienced any neck or spin problems – or just want to avoid them – i recommend the opd-scan iii and trs combination refraction system.
read less




ben gaddie, od


 louisville, ky, 
 



















latest marco news








marco healthcare and lombart healthcare combine to form marco lombart

new entity to offer the industry’s most advanced technology and broadest equipment portfolio from one direct source jacksonville, fla. (june 19, 2024)—advancing eyecare (aec), north america’s leading provider of ophthalmic instruments, today announced that two of its leading business units, marco healthcare (“marco”) and lombart healthcare (“lombart”), will combine to form a new business named […]
read more






equipment that lasts for generations

marco products like chairs, stands, slit lamps and refractors are designed to last generations. if you need proof, meet linda rhodes, o.d., f.a.a.o., and her daughter, ashley warstler, o.d. rhodes, the founder of eye shop in houston, texas, purchased her first digital refractor, the marco trs-1200, back in 1992. “i was having problems with my […]
read more






in new practices, patients want to see new technologies

showing patients their new rx also removes “awkward conversation” there’s a conversation that keri dennis, od, no longer has with most patients. she isn’t put on the spot to make a judgment whether a patient “needs” new eyewear. since she joined ridgeview eye care in olathe, kansas, in august 2019, that’s one of the fea­tures […]
read more






automated refraction system was “practice-changing” – an article from women in optometry

original article published in women in optometry – of her three exam lanes at vision source of brandon, in brandon, florida, owner laura vizzari, od, avoided one. it was the only one of the three that didn’t have a marco trs automated refraction system in it. “i was embarrassed to bring patients into it because they were […]
read more






fast, efficient refractions allow doctor time for deeper discussions

one of the first investments that michelle mcreynolds, od, made when she opened cold was with the marco opd scan iii wavefront aberrometer and trs automated refraction system. “i was looking for anything that would make my work faster because i didn’t have a technician when i first opened. it was just me doing everything,” […]
read more






automated refraction system allowed practice to grow without expanding – an article from women in optometry

original article published in women in optometry – since its founding in 2007, northern sight vision clinic in phillips and tomahawk, wisconsin, has been growing. one of the original partners, jessica stromberg, od, brought in brittany lemke, od, in 2013. dr. lemke soon bought out dr. stromberg’s mother, who was one of the original owners. dr. stromberg […]
read more






an excellent refraction is the pivotal point in an exam – an article from women in optometry

original article published in women in optometry – kathleen joyce, od, of eyecare for you, makes a firm distinction between the different automated refraction systems out there. “my refractions are doctor-driven, but i love having the technology that helps me get to an accurate subjective refraction more quickly,” she says. that is important to her […]
read more






more data, more quickly

with the marco opd-scan iii wavefront aberrometer and the visuall virtual reality visual field perimeter, rachel tellez, od, of san antonio, texas, captures more information on each patient. the systems talk to each other, so staff members don’t have to load data manually. and dr. tellez has all the topography and perimetry data right on […]
read more






the power of the current and new prescription toggle switch

after about nine years of having an automated refraction system in the practice, heavin maier, od, of eyes for life in spokane, washington, couldn’t imagine practicing without it. when she added another lane of equipment, the marco trs refraction system was part of that. “it’s part of our standard operating protocol now. the flow works […]
read more











global – footer



contact marco
marco | 11825 central parkway,jacksonville, fl 32224
				

					toll free: 1 (800) 874-5274
				

					local: 904-642-9330
				

					fax: 904-642-9338
				
connect with us








important warranty information & important support expiration notices

					marco instruments are warrantied by marco against defective materials and
					workmanship under normal use for a period of one year from the date of original purchaser invoice (an authorized distributor is not an original purchaser).
				

learn more






					marco newsletter
				












			© 2022 - marco - all rights reserved.
			



site map
standard terms & conditions
service agreement terms & conditions
privacy policy


 
 


 




x

 







































