







bowlin travel centers, inc. 























































        skip to content
      











open menu
close menu


























        about
      



        store
      



        for investors
      



        work for us
      



        contact us
      




































0


















0


























        about
      



        store
      



        for investors
      



        work for us
      



        contact us
      




































0


















0











open menu
close menu
























                  about
                





                  store
                





                  for investors
                





                  work for us
                





                  contact us
                


























































bowlin's butterfield station and dairy queen















bowlin's bluewater outpost and dairy queen















bowlin's continental divide trading post















bowlin's old west trading post















bowlin's picacho peak travel center and dairy queen















bowlin's the thing? and dairy queen















bowlin's running indian















bowlin's picacho plaza















bowlin's flying c ranch and dairy queen















bowlin's akela flats


























slide 1
slide 1 (current slide)


slide 2
slide 2 (current slide)


slide 3
slide 3 (current slide)


slide 4
slide 4 (current slide)


slide 5
slide 5 (current slide)


slide 6
slide 6 (current slide)


slide 7
slide 7 (current slide)


slide 8
slide 8 (current slide)


slide 9
slide 9 (current slide)


slide 10
slide 10 (current slide)



















































































































































bowlin travel centers, inc. has roots that date back to the early 1900’s. as a matter of fact, we have been serving the traveling public in the southwestern united states since the year that new mexico became a state in 1912. throughout our history, our mission has been to serve our customers in our long standing tradition of honesty, integrity, and hospitality by providing high quality products and services at competitive prices; whether early travelers on foot, horseback and wagon; later travelers in automobiles, buses, and trucks or our growing customer base online. learn more about our locations by scrolling below.



welcome.
















    more history
  














bowlin's akela flats trading post is located on the north side of interstate 10 (exit 102) in southern new mexico. it is about 20 miles east of deming and about 30 miles west of las cruces . at the akela store, you can browse through the tremendous selection of merchandise offered at all our bowlin stores and make sure you get some of akela's specialty fudge or fresh baked cookies. marathon fuel is available with 24hr pay at the pump service.  while you are in the area, stop by the marshall memorial library to learn some interesting historical information, tour the rockhound state park and spring canyon state park; or visit one of the many other attractions in the area. hours of operation: 7:00 am - 7:00 pm, 7 days a week 















bowlin’s akela flats














bowlin's running indian store is located on us 70 4 miles north of alamogordo, new mexico. at the running indian store, you can browse through the tremendous selection of merchandise offered at all our bowlin store locations, including fireworks and rugs.   after you visit our store, tour white sands national monument just 15 miles west of alamogordo, visit new mexico museum of space history or one of the many other wonderful attractions in this area of new mexico. hours of operation: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm, 7 days a week



bowlin’s running indian




































bluewater outpost
bluewater outpost and dairy queen is located on interstate 40 (exit 72) about 10 miles west of grants, new mexico.  this store has a huge selection of gifts, jewelry and souvenirs that you will find at all our stores, but at this place, you just have to see the tremendous display of fireworks that are for sale year-round. enjoy an ultimate burger or one of the other dq items, a cool blizzard, banana split or the latest dq treat any time of the day.  if you are need diesel, go ahead and fill 'er up here! visit the area attractions such as el malpais national monument, as well as other interesting and historical places to visit in this part of northern new mexico.hours of operation: 7:00 am - 7:00 pm, 7 days a week
















the butterfield station travel center is on interstate 10 (exit 62) about 20 miles west of deming, new mexico. butterfield carries self-serve marathon gasoline and features 24hr. pay at the pump service. looking for diesel fuel? we have that too! we offer a mind-boggling selection of merchandise, jewelry, t-shirts,  and toys.  you can't leave here and head into the southern new mexico desert without one of the wonderful treats from the dairy queen. if you want to look around the area for a couple of days, stay in our rv park. you can use it as a base while touring the deming and silver city areas.  check out a ghost town or two; get a glimpse of how things were in the 1800's by touring the deming luna mimbres museum,  in deming; or hike and fish in the huge gila national forest. hours of operation: 7:00 am - 7:00 pm, 7 days a week



butterfield station


























continental divide trading post is located on interstate 10 (exit 42) about 20 miles east of lordsburg, new mexico.  this store has a large selection of rugs and a fine assortment indian made jewelry and artifacts, as well as the tremendous variety of items offered at all our bowlin stores.  when you are at our continental divide store, you are only a few miles from the shakespeare ghost town and steins railroad ghost town. if you will stay in the area for a few days, you can camp, hike and fish in the 2.7 million acres of the gila national forest. the gila cliff dwellings national monument is also there. hours of operation: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm, 7 days a week 



bowlin’s continental divide


























flying c ranch is not a real "working" ranch, but is a tremendous place to stop when traveling through the vast expanse of new mexico.  this store is located on interstate 40 (exit 234), a long way from "civilization". it is about 70 miles east of albuquerque and 40 miles west of santa rosa. flying c ranch has the normal huge selection of merchandise that is offered at all our bowlin stores, but this store has a better than average selection of t-shirts, bajas, indian and mexican made blankets. fuel is available along with 24 hr. pay at the pump service. if you are in the need of diesel fuel, you've come to the right place!  before you head on down the road, be sure to fill yourself up too. the dairy queen® has a large menu available for you any time of the day.hours of operation: 7:00 am - 7:00 pm, 7 days a week



bowlin’s flying c ranch


























the old west trading post is located on interstate 10 (exit 127) about 15 miles west of las cruces in southern new mexico. come to this store to find mexican pottery, year-round fireworks and the tremendous selection of souvenirs and merchandise that is offered at all our stores. fuel is available featuring 24hr. pay at the pump service.  visit the las cruces museum of nature and science and the new mexico farm and ranch heritage museum; take a walking tour of old mesilla; or visit the many other attractions and historical sites in the mesilla valley.hours of operation: 7:00 am - 7:00 pm, 7 days a week



bowlin’s old west trading post


























this store is located on interstate 10 (exit 219) between phoenix and tucson, arizona. the dairy queen serves a full selection of brazier items and dq treats. it is a welcome oasis as you travel in the southern arizona desert.  scenic picacho peak sits directly in front of you, its towering chimney-like presence dotted with saguro cactus that have lived in this area for hundreds of years.  before leaving, look around the merchandise packed shop and purchase a few souvenirs, a piece or two of indian handmade jewelry or one of the many fine gifts available there.  shell fuel is also available with 24 hr. pay at the pump service. if you happen to need diesel, we've got that too!hours of operation: 7:00 am - 7:00 pm, 7 days a week



bowlin’s picacho peak travel center


























bowlin’s picacho plaza















this handsomely designed travel center is located directly across from its sister location on interstate 10 (exit 219), the picacho peak dairy queen travel center, and includes a large convenience store area. this store is beautiful and stocked full of your favorite bowlin merchandise as well as a few new surprises. we also have native american handcrafted jewelry, mexican imports, and much much more.  we serve shell gasoline at our 24/7 super-pumper facilities. we just can't wait for the opportunity of serving you!hours of operation: 7:00 am - 7:00 pm, 7 days a week














what is the thing? come and see for yourself. it is 17 miles east of benson and about 40 miles east of tucson on interstate 10 (exit 322) in arizona. look around the spacious gift shop and purchase a few gifts, a couple of pieces of indian handmade  jewelry, some pottery, or one of the many other items available at this location.  be sure to visit the museum to see the thing? the  100% climate-controlled museum is a must-see destination in the arizona desert. for a peak into the museum, visit bowlinsthething.comafter a trip through the museum, enjoy an ultimate burger or a cold dq blizzard at the dairy queen.  this location also offers self-serve shell fuel with 24 hr. pay at the pump service. are you in the need of diesel? get it here!  as you're able to continue your trip, you may want to stop in at karchner caverns, the benson railroad depot and visitor's center or just mosey off to historic tombstone, arizona.hours of operation: 7:00 am - 7:00 pm, 7 days a week



bowlin’s the thing?





























bowlin travel centers, inc. 150 louisiana nealbuquerque, nm 87108(505) 266-5985



our companyaboutjobsprivacy policyreturnsshipping



followtwitterinstagramfacebook











