






the young marines | artificial grass for dogs, commercial roofers in tamba bay, water heater repair kansas city missouri































home
about us
terms and conditions
privacy policy
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 












most common issues with artificial grass 
by secure_admin | jun 29, 2022
at first look, installing artificial grass can be overwhelming. aside from that, there are also issues that you can consider, whether you hire a professional installer or choose to diy. fortunately, we are here to help. 

keep in mind that these problems can be prevented if you hire a professional installer. most of these issues happen to diy projects. artificial grass installation issues are normal. today, we’re going to discuss some of the most common issues with artificial grass, whether artificial grass for dogs or your kids. 
noticeable joint lines 
one of the primary reasons why homeowners install artificial grass is aesthetics. since you have invested a lot of time and money in your artificial grass project, you don’t want to see any aesthetics problems. if you notice joint lines, it is because the light is bouncing off the grass blades that are pushed together.  
lifted edges 
if you don’t properly install the artificial grass roll, it will lift at the edges. this will visually ruin the look of your finished job. aside from the aesthetic issue, lifted edges also present a safety threat due to tripping. of course, you don’t want to have an unappealing lawn that is also risky for you and your family.  
accumulation of moss 
the artificial grass itself doesn’t promote the growth of algae or moss. however, on several occasions, organic debris or matter trapped in the grass encourage it. algae or moss is hard to get rid of. thus, the best course of action here is to prevent it from happening in the first place. 
foul smell 
no one wants to have a smelly yard. bad odors appear to be inevitable if you are using your artificial grass as a dog run or your pet’s potty. the odor of adhesives is another problem to consider during installation. a couple of homeowners claim that they can still smell the infill even after several days of the installation.  
growth of weed 
convenience is one main advantage of installing artificial grass. there is typically no need to apply any weed killers or fertilizers to prevent the growth of weed. unfortunately, your weed issues in the past might come back if you do not install a weed barrier. 
sinking holes and spots 
your artificial grass will be susceptible to sinking spots and holes if you don’t properly prepare the base. these holes aren’t noticeable once you install the artificial grass. however, they might cause issues in the future since water can gather in these areas. pooling water can become a breeding ground for pests and can lead to drainage problems.  
wrong form of artificial grass 
it’s simply a plastic turf. it’s not complicated, right? well, you’re wrong. for those who don’t know, there are a lot of various types of artificial grass. every form is made for a particular use. it greatly depends on your needs.  
for first-timers, it is common for them to ignore choosing the correct turf. for instance, several homeowners might buy artificial grass meant for putting greens instead of dogs.  



guide to winterizing your flat roof  
by secure_admin | jun 21, 2022
there were many misconceptions about flat roofs: expensive, hard to maintain, prone to leaks, and many more. although none of these is true, flat roofs still need proper maintenance to ensure that they would withstand any damaging elements such as harsh weather conditions. winter is one of the seasons that homeowners need to be cautious of. snow accumulated on your roof, sloped or flat, is a potential cause of water leak and structure degradation. this is why commercial roofers in tampa bay make sure that flat roofs in commercial spaces are provided with the best care during winter by doing things even before the winter sets in.  

as a homeowner, you need to do things to avoid snow damaging your flat roof. although it is a wrong assumption that flat roofs are prone to water pooling, they can still accommodate water that will lead to leaks, if not given the proper care and preparation for winter.   
bowing and ponding are two main roof problems that are caused by winter. bowing happens when the snow starts accumulating on the roof and weight starts to develop stress on the roof. when snow is not removed after every winter, this will cause the roof to get sagged out of weight and water. the sagging results the ponding. what makes this worse is not only the roof is affected by these, your hvac will also have some problems too.   
water is the worst enemy in any house structure. unfortunately, when the snow melts, water will always be existent as the result. if your flat roof does not have proper drainage, this can result in a lot of problems. when the snow melts and gets into the roofing system, you will not notice any leaks. leaks come gradually and you will only notice them when there are visible leak marks or when you experience issues with your installation and a surge on the energy bill. leaking signs include watermarks on the ceiling and walls and puddles on the floor. this is why it is important to check your roof immediately after winter and remove snow immediately.   
flat roofs are commonly structured to withstand snow and water leaks for a long time, probably because most people think that their flat surface makes them prone to water damages. the truth is, contractors and engineers, see to it that all roofs are sturdy against weather conditions especially winter. so, your flat roof is as sturdy as other roofing types. however, it is important to take note that as a homeowner, we still have an important role to play.   
besides a thorough inspection by a professional company, we can do a little repair that will prevent further damage such as little sealing and caulking. we also need to ensure that our insulation is not damaged and that our gutters are not blocked. flat roofs are easier to access than sloped ropes so cleaning and maintaining will not be as difficult as those of the sloped roofs.   
caution: while flat roofs are easy to access, it is still advised to call a professional company for repairs, no matter how small the issues are to avoid accidents.   



important things to know about bats in your attic  
by secure_admin | aug 5, 2021
there are more than 40 types of bats in america. there is an abundance of bats in most of the states, and it would be likely that you will be encountering at least one of these species in your life. one of the most common types of bats that you may encounter is the mexican free-tailed bat and the virginia big-eared bat. these bats are one of the most common bats you will see in north america and more often than not, the bats in your attic. there may be many pests that you will find in your attic and bats are one of them. animals in your attic, in general, will cause you a lot of problems in the house. here are some of the important things to know about the bats in your attic.  

attics are not the primary choice of habitat. their preferred habitat is caved. caves are one of the best habitats for bats because they provide a safe and enclosed area for them to rest in and a perfect place to raise their young. although, it is common to have bats in the attic because it does meet some of the characteristics of the ideal habitat for bats.   
it is enclosed, dark, and away from any other animals that may prey on them. once they find an opening in your attic, bats may take it if they have no other place to go. bats need homes, and they do not reason like humans, so they go with their instinct which is to find the nearest home that fits their criteria.    
one of the easiest ways to spot if a bat is living in your house is the presence of bat guano or the waste of a stick. when a bat is living in your house, you will start to notice it through the pungent smell around the house. bat guano is usually mixed with the urine of a bat which makes the smell even more noticeable.   
the waste of a bat could corrode wood and dry walls and even become a breeding ground for molds. you will see that the bat guano comes in droppings, but the most obvious giveaway of bat guano is the stinky smell of it.   
another way to spot bats in the house is the sound of them. in the night where bats are most active, you will notice some rumble coming from the attic or any place that they may choose to settle in. this is also another dead giveaway that bats are in your house. it is easy to spot them after them making sounds and even screeches that they may do during their stay in the attic.   
make sure to deal with the bats right away when you hear or smell them. also, try to make the necessary preparation so that bats will not be able to enter your house. if you are properly equipped and have prepared your home with the tools to repel them, then you will never have a problem with bats in the attic. these are some of the important reminders that you should know if and when bats are in your attic. if you do not know how to get rid of bats from the attic, there are always pest services to do that job. 



the 4 benefits of hot water to your body  
by secure_admin | dec 14, 2018

hot water in the house is something that we all could feel like we are taken care of. it is something that we should not take into simple account. there are actually many benefits that come from using hot water in your body.  
so, if you want to have hot water in the house, you better go and get a professional water heater repair kansas city missouri to help you with that little dilemma. so, when we are thinking of what must be done to our body and to what we can do really is that take care of ourselves and do what we can to make sure that we are taking care of our body in a way.  

hot water relaxes the muscles.  
ever noticed that when you are in the gym and after you have done your work out and cool off, you take a hot shower, this is not because it is an aesthetic but rather it is because it is something that we could all do, one way or another for ourselves. it is something that we all could check out hot water relaxes the muscles so, they aren’t as stiff as it is after a good workout.  
hot water relieves aches and pains.  
when you are suffering in body pains, a good way for you to relieve it is to take a good old hot shower. see, it helps your body to relax and it helps to erase the body pains and aches that there is in your body. that is why hot water is something that anyone would love to have on a daily basis. something that you should under no circumstances put aside. if you have hot water use it takes advantage of its benefits.  
hot water makes you sleep better at night  
you see, when you have hot water in the house, you are able to sleep better when you go to take a shower. this is because hot water from the first point relaxes your muscles. so, it feels like after a hot shower you can be more languid and relax more easily on the activity that you are going to do. so, for some people who have a hard time, going to sleep at night, a long hot shower sometimes helps them through it.  
hot water is also great for the skin  
hot water is great for good skin, although you have to make sure that after you use the hot water, you should always moisturize the skin afterward. as it shows that it strips your skin from dirt as well as it strips your skin with the nutrients. so, you should always take good care of your skin. start with the hot shower it opens up pores and makes you feel like you did a good job in cleaning your skin from all that nasty things.  
these are just some of the benefits of hot water on your body. however, all of them is something tha you should always take care of, and with the help of a good hot shower then you are feeling a lot more benefits from that.  











search for:





recent posts


most common issues with artificial grass 


guide to winterizing your flat roof  


important things to know about bats in your attic  


the 4 benefits of hot water to your body  


recent commentsarchives

june 2022
august 2021
december 2018

categories

artificial grass

attic repair

roof service

water heater services


 the young marinesmost common issues with artificial grass guide to winterizing your flat roof  important things to know about bats in your attic  the 4 benefits of hot water to your body  









 
































