




home














































































 













search for:





















people
careers
culture
projects
services
ideas
claim intake














							join in the conversation about our built environment.						

degenkolb’s experts are listening and writing about the latest in the built environment.  



							read the latest news						  










							engineering a better future for our clients, communities, and employees						

our more than 300 experienced engineers have created a culture that focuses on safety in community development and a commitment to technical expertise.



							check out projects						  










							own your career and love where you work						

we encourage lifelong learning and support professional and community-based activities so that you can be the engineer you want to be. 



							check out our day to day						  














					collaborators. listeners. experts.				



founded in 1940, degenkolb engineers’ practice reflects more than eight decades of commitment to technical expertise, exceptional client service through close collaboration, and life-long learning. our innovative structural designs have saved clients hundreds of millions of dollars and are delivered by taking full advantage of our expertise and experience.











 


							matt barnard named healthcare practice area leader						

we are excited to announce matt barnard as our new healthcare practice area leader! in this role, matt will be […]



read more







 


							happy new year from deg and ruby! 🎉						

as we welcome 2025, we’re thrilled to share a special greeting from all of us at degenkolb engineers and ruby+associates, […]



read more







 


							mt. vernon old main high school & fine arts building						

degenkolb completed the seismic evaluation and designed the seismic retrofit for two buildings on the mt. vernon high school campus, and assisted the district with a successful fema grant application for $3 million.



read more












					news at degenkolb				














 


								featured employee							

								paulina robles							

								designer 2							

i practiced polynesian dance from the ages of 4 to 18.


find out more











×





 



								paulina robles							

								designer 2							

								orange county							


 (657) 549-3153
 probles@degenkolb.com








m.s., architectural engineering, california state polytechnic university, 2023
b.s., architectural engineering, california state polytechnic university, 2022



why did you go into engineering?
i have always had an interest in structures and design, and always thought i would go into some career focused on art or architecture. i also loved studying physics and math, so when i found structural engineering, it seemed like the perfect fit as it lets me use my skills to help interesting designs come to life.


little known fact
i love reading, traveling, and picking up new crafts.


what is your unusual talent?
i practiced polynesian dance from the ages of 4 to 18.










 


								featured employee							

								daniel zepeda							

								office director, senior principal, working group leader							

daniel has worked at degenkolb close to 20 years. 


find out more











×





 



								daniel zepeda							

								office director, senior principal, working group leader							

								los angeles, san jose del cabo							


 (213) 596-5014
 dzepeda@degenkolb.com








m.s, structural engineering, university of california, berkeley, 2003
b.s., civil engineering, california polytechnic state university, pomona, 2002




ca, structural engineer, license no. 5260
ca, civil engineer, license no. 68493



why did you go into engineering?
i grew up helping my dad wrenching on his vehicles (ok, mostly holding the flashlight).  i was also good in math and science and as a plus i liked to draw so it felt like a very natural thing to do.  after so many years in the industry i am happy to say i picked something that i am not only good at but really enjoy doing.


little known fact
i love to work with my hands and therefore own a ton of tools that i use to work on my own cars, bikes, and house.  a good weekend for me would involve fixing something.


what hobby would you go into if time and money weren’t an issue?
i love to spend my free time off-roading so if i had more time, i would do a lot more of it.














											dei										



											bridging the gap from past to future: jesus orozco’s path to engineering										

read more











											ideas										



											degenkolb mexico brings seismic expertise to baja peninsula										

read more











											article										



											breaking news: city of oakland to become the next city to implement a mandatory seismic ordinance										

read more























													12394											
											projects started since 2014									








													106											
											licensed engineers									








													6522											
											average annual professional activities hours									












				copyright 2025 degenkolb | privacy policy





				copyright 2025 degenkolb | privacy policy


site by moonstone interactive





msirobot




english













