


















aclu of oregon























skip to main content



















 
aclu of oregon 







about

about us

aclu national

contact us

job openings



our work

campaigns

issue areas

legal cases

policy & advocacy



news

all blogswhat is an executive order and how does it work?"hope is the counter to fear."why sanctioning the icc would be terrible for civil liberties

aclu of oregon emails

newsletters and reports

press releases



know your rights

immigrants' rights

protest and free speech

students



volunteer

action alerts

donate

donate to the foundation

become a member/renew your membership

ways to give







donate

donate to the foundation

become a member/renew your membership

ways to give


































we envision a more just, equitable, and caring democracy in oregon.

stay in touch
email address *



zip code *






leave this field blank 


 







get involved: sign up to volunteer and take action!



know your rights: as a protestor, immigrant, student, and more!



blog: we're ready to resist. join us.



volunteer: the equal rights for all campaign! 









read the latest 





 

what is an executive order and how does it work? 

    what executive orders can – and cannot – do, and why we have them in the first place  





 

    immigrants' rights  

"hope is the counter to fear." 

    daishi miguel-tanaka is an immigrant rights advocate and daca recipient. in the face of the trump administration’s unlawful immigration tactics, he’s working at the local level and in communities to help...  





 

    national security  

why sanctioning the icc would be terrible for civil liberties 

    sanctions would endanger the investigation of war crimes across the globe and prove a grave blow to human rights.  







press releases 





january 21, 2025 

racial justice protesters who were beat, shot, and abducted by feds settle lawsuit with u.s. government 

the settlement comes on the second inauguration of donald trump, who has threatened to use the military and federal law enforcement to suppress public protests against him.






january 16, 2025 

the aclu of oregon seeks records about the use of portland jttf, titan fusion center, and portland fbi field office to target protesters and racial justice advocates 

the aclu of oregon in partnership with don’t shoot pdx submitted three public records requests to the city of portland, the oregon department of justice, and the fbi.






august 20, 2024 

aclu of oregon sues medford police department for illegally spying on people 

public records show that for years, medford police violated oregon law by collecting and storing information on people and groups with no suspicion of criminal activity.











 


protecting your rights against unlawful police surveillance 

oregon law (ors 181a.250) prohibits law enforcement agencies from collecting or maintaining information on an individual’s political, religious, or social activities unless directly related to criminal investigations. here is how you can request access to your public records from local police.

view campaign









in the legislature — 2024 session our state's path towards racial justice, civil rights and civil liberties will be shaped in oregon's 2024 legislative session — from february 5 to march 10, 2024. explore our policy priorities and take action with us! sb 1583a: freedom to readstudents deserve to feel affirmed and welcome in oregon public schools — and they should be free to r﻿ead, learn and share ideas without fear of discriminatory censorship! sb 1583 would prevent book bans and other forms of censorship in oregon public schools.
sb 1583a: freedom to readall legislation







act






protect birthright citizenship


 

send message 

 




defend trans freedom


 

support our petition 

 




president-elect trump: we will not tolerate an attack on our reproductive rights


 

act now 

 





 








search aclu-or.org 








press
careers
contact us
donate







aclu on instagram
aclu on facebook
aclu on youtube
aclu on spotify






© 2025 aclu of oregon





user agreement
privacy statement
website accessibility
your data choices




















