2 jesus - eternal life, healing, prosperity and peace are yours through jesus.       homeaboutletters 2jesusliving the ultimate christian lifejesus' guide to divine healingwhat 2jesus believesdivine healing audioeternal lifefaithhealinghealing testimonialsinspiring storiesprayer requestapp    donateour efforts to spread the word of god are only possible with your donationsplease donatejesus’ guide to divine healingby ferd sebastian. step by step instructions, how to receive your healing!tap/click the button to get your free paperback copy of the book jesus’ guide to divine healingget your free physical copy or download ebookread real testimonialstitle, jesus my love! from: munah phillipsi was so touched by sis laura's testimony, indeed our god is powerful and mighty; no one can measure up with him. i just finished with the book and i am blessed. not only have i believed that i am healed but also learned so much, praise be to jesus, my love. this book opened my eye to the kingdom of god and his will and purposes for our lives. i am grateful for such a gift that no amount of money can buy. i will get copies for some family and friends that i believed needs it. god indeed gave you great insight to write the book, praise be to jesus for you, man of god.i know by the blood of jesus i am healed! glory be to god the father, god the son and god the holy spirit. i need you to please join me in thanking and praising jesus for my powerful healing.jesus is lord! i am so happy right now.thank you so muchyour daughter in christ.munah phillips     receive jesus book spam protection, skip this fieldfirstnamelast nameyour emailyour emailwhere to send the bookcitystateyour phone number(optional)postal code (zip)choose physical or digital bookphysical paperbackdigital ebookvalidate your submission  free app pastor ferds teachings free  (apple & android) mobile app download your  app of jesus’ guide to divine healing at the app store or google playdownload free appdonate nowhelp spread god's wordhow much would you like to donate?please fill in the amount to donate with your credit cardacts 20:35 "in everything i showed you that by working hard in this manner you must help the weak and remember the words of the lord jesus, that he himself said, 'it is more blessed to give than to receive.'" homeaboutwhat 2jesus believesprayer requestappvisit our facebookvisit our instagramvisit our twittercopyright © 2jesus.org all rights reservedsearch-pluscrossmenu       linkedin      facebook    pinterest    youtube    rss    twitter    instagram      facebook-blank    rss-blank    linkedin-blank    pinterest    youtube   twitter   instagram      
 
   
 
  
