




















steele martin jones & company, plc | tax and accounting in jackson, tn


















phone
menu



home
services

tax preparation
irs representation
payroll
quickbooks
management advisory services
consulting
bookkeeping and write-up
buying or selling
entity selection
estate/trust
financial statements
retirement planning
sales tax


about us

history
partners
staff
careers


pay bill
client portal
new clients
contact us
 
















              the cpa firmthat talks toour clients.            










we’re big enough for special issues, but small enough to take care of individual needs.

with a focus on small-to-medium-sized businesses, we specialize in accounting, tax preparation, local payroll services and working for our clients with the irs.






 

business hours:
our jackson office is open from 7:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. monday through friday and 8 a.m. to noon on saturday. our trenton office is open from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. (with a lunch break from 11:30-12:30) monday through thursday, and friday and saturday by appointment. we see clients in our parsons office by appointment.



 

payroll shouldn’t cause headaches.
we’ll do it for you – so you can put that aspirin away.



 

we know quickbooks.
and we’ll even come to your office to teach you about quickbooks.



 

tax season doesn’t start in january.
we help individuals and small businesses make the best decisions all year long to optimize their tax commitment.



 

consider us your non-equity business partner.
we know our clients and understand how your business operates. we offer financial guidance year-long to help your business grow.









request an appointment today to discuss your unique needs! your first consultation is free.
request appointment 





 

tax season business hours



we’re expanded our hours during tax season. our jackson office is open from 7:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. monday through…
read more




 
 

2024 annual payroll newsletter



restrictions on who can be salaried vs. hourly   annual payroll newsletter september 2024 by tom carson jones, cpa, cgma…
read more




 
 

smj named best of gibson county



we were selected best of the best in accounting by the readers of the trenton gazette and the tri-city reporter!…
read more




 










since i opened my doors in 1982, steele martin jones has done my accounting, including payroll, taxes and monthly profit/loss statements. they are professional and exact and handle my accounting in a timely manner.
bob baudo, owner, old town spaghetti store 






steele martin jones delivers first-class service, with the southern charm of a smaller firm, where someone always answers the phone, recognizes me, and takes care of what i need, regardless of the season. 
dr. kim charlton 






this team is the best team. from day one, they’ve treated me like family.
leah daniel, owner, ld2 






i have a small marketing company.  i was spending hours trying to do my accounting with quickbooks.  no more.  steele martin jones does it all for me now.  what a relief!
mary reed, owner, reed: a marketing company 






over my many years of business counseling, i have found steele martin jones an excellent source for small businesses.
joel newman 




more testimonials 









 jackson office

100 stonebridge blvd
jackson, tn 38305
731-668-9183
toll-free: 800-464-6174
fax: 731-668-6714

email: firm@steelemartin.com

 



 parsons office

731-847-7700

trenton office

109 w. court square
731-437-2873

 

 


© 2025.
          steele martin jones & company, plc          
site by geisler young 


contact us
 
 


























send message

 








for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript.
 here are the 
 instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser.
×


















