





four star plastics | wholesale plastic & poly bags
































        📢 transition announcement 📢
        four star plastics is joining forces with our parent company, action bags, to streamline our services and improve your experience. beginning february 28, 2025, you will be redirected to www.actionbags.com to continue shopping with us.
        rest assured, you’ll receive the same quality products and outstanding service you expect. questions? contact our support team!
        learn more

































about us 
american plastics   contact us request a quote warehouses 
california colorado georgia illinois iowa maryland massachusetts nevada new jersey new york north carolina pennsylvania texas virginia washington dc washington iowa     



 1-888-595-4626





 




my account


view rfq

submit quote

view cart

checkout



view cart



clearance


catalog



































wholesaleplastic bags 
anti-static plastic bagsanti-tarnish bagsasbestos disposal bagsauto bags®colored zip bagsbags on rollsblack conductive bagsbread bagscompactor  bagsdispenser pack zip bagsdoor hanger bagsdrawstring plastic bagsflat poly bagsfood bagsfurniture bagsgarbage bagsgarment bagshandle zip bagsheader bagshealthcare bagsice bagsinside & outside flip bagsleak proof bagsmailer bagsmattress bagsmulch bagsnewspaper bagspallet cover bagspoly gusseted bagspolypropylene bagspre-opened zip bagsproduce bagsreclosable plastic bagsself-sealing plastic bagsslider grip bagsstand up pouchesstatic shielding bagssuffocation warning bagstamper proof poly bagsvacuum seal bagsvci bags (custom)vinyl bagsumbrella bagswicketed bagszip lock bagsretail merchandise bags 
cloth drawstring bagsdie cut handle bagsdouble drawstring bagsdraw tape bagspaper shopping bagspatch handle bagsplain gift bagsplastic shopping bagsplastic t-shirt bagsrestaurant take out bagssoft loop handle bagssos bagstrifold handle bagsvinyl bagswave top die cut handle bagspoly film - tubing and sheeting 
anti-static poly bag tubingblack conductive tubingpoly tubingpallet cover bagspallet top coverspoly sheetingpoly shrink bundling filmpolyethylene discs/lid linershrink bagsshrink bandsshrink filmshrink tubingstretch film, pallettubing dispenserspackaging and shipping materials 
black & red job ticket holdersbubble wrapcable tieschill packscloth drawstring mailing bagsequipment tagsfibcs / bulk bagsfluorescent job ticket holdersgloveslabelspacking list envelopespallet cover bagsplastic bag sealing machines & equipmentpoly mailersstretch film, pallettape-box sealingtwist tiesutility bladescustom plastic bags, film and tubing 
custom plastic bagscustom food bags & food packagingcustom printed retail bagscustom poly film & sheetingcustom poly tubingindustries served 
food industrymerchandise & retail







 
                        









 
 
we pride ourselves on having the highest
standards for all our products and customer
service, as well as having great wholesale
prices.
learn more


our bags on rolls are engineered to
provide three times the impact and twice
the tensile strength of traditional
low-density polyethene bags.
learn more


whether you need furniture bags for
moving or seasonal storage, our
furniture covers will protect against
dust, soil, and water damage.
learn more


we offer polypropylene bags that provide
excellent clarity for your products such
as candy, nuts, baked goods, and more.
learn more


whether you are looking for
custom plastic poly bags or
custom retail bags, we can make
a product tailored to your
specifications.
learn more


wide range of different sizes, styles,
and closures of high quality reclosable bags.
learn more






























custom printed
plastic bags








industrial plastic
bags & packaging








fda-approved
food bags








packaging
& shipping supplies








wholesale medical
bags








plastic retail
shopping bags
 





your best source for high-quality wholesale plastic bags



in-stock plastic bags from a trusted poly bag manufacturer


when you need high-quality stock plastic bags and poly bags, four star plastics is your best source for wholesale plastic bags and film. our inventory of stock/standard plastic bags incudes a wide range of styles, materials, and size options. we also have custom capabilities, including custom printing, sizing, and colors.
four star plastics manufactures wholesale and commercial grade plastic poly bags and film for all industries and applications. our wholesale plastic bags, tubing, and film are the perfect solutions for all your protective packaging needs.
 




 






custom




set your brand apart from the competition with custom-printed plastic bags. with a variety of sizes, styles, & printing colors to choose from, we can help you create eye-catching designs that showcase your brand. custom plastic bags are the perfect option for retail stores, restaurants, medical facilities, and more.industrial




if your business relies on bulk plastic bags, packaging, poly film, or plastic packaging and shipping materials, with quick turnaround times and wholesale discount pricing, four star plastics has you covered. we offer a broad selection of high-quality, strong, durable standard and custom wholesale options that can withstand everyday wear and tear and harsh environmental conditions.food




keep food fresh with our fda-approved food bags and pouches. from resealable poly bags to restaurant take-out bags to plastic grocery bags, and more, we can offer you an affordable, high-quality solution for processing, transporting, storing, and selling all food varieties.packaging & shipping




eliminate the risk of damage during transit with our selection of packaging and shipping materials. whether you’re transporting large pallets or sending items by post, we have the poly bags, film, and mailers you need to keep your products protected, wherever they’re going.medical




improve the quality and efficiency of your healthcare facility with our selection of wholesale medical bags. we offer packaging for anything from lab samples to medical waste to chemotherapy drugs, and more. our plastic healthcare bags meet all necessary regulations and standards, ensuring you’re always in compliance.retail




elevate your customers’ shopping experience with our selection of plastic retail bags. from food to clothing to groceries, and more, our plastic shopping bags can be used to package and transport anything your store sells. choose from a variety of sizes, styles, and colors. 







plastic bag quality guaranteeregardless of the plastic bag material or style you choose, our poly bag products offer you the best value for your money. domestically made wholesale plastic bags are manufactured with 100% renewable energy. our bags from overseas are made with the highest quality controls. four star plastics’ plastic and poly bags are engineered to provide over three times the impact and twice the tensile strength of traditional low-density polyethylene bags.







four star plastics warehouse locationswith warehouses throughout the united states, we can ship out orders for stock items the same day. we have warehouse locations in:   • maryland			• new york			• new jersey			• pennsylvania			• georgia			• texas			• iowa			• illinois • nevada			• california			• washington			• colorado			• massachusetts			• north carolina			• washington dc			• virginia     







 

 





four star plastics is your source for quality products and customer service at factory direct prices.
to speak to a representative or to request a quote, contact four star plastics today. returning customers can also express order if you know your item number. 
©2025 four star plastics 201 william street bensenville, illinois 60106
toll free: (888) 595-4626 | phone: (301) 595-4626
e-mail: fourstar@fourstarplastics.com 
 

sitemap terms and conditions privacy policy  



❯









 











