 



small business taxes & management

















small business taxes & managementtm
has been providing tax and management guidance to small and medium
sized businesses and their owners since 1980. this page is updated
daily, monday thru friday. we invite your comments.
copyright 2025 by a/n
group, inc. this publication is designed to provide accurate and
authoritative information with regard to the subject matter covered.
it is distributed with the understanding that the publisher is not
engaged in rendering legal, accounting, or other professional
service. if legal advice or other expert assistance is required, the
services of a competent professional should be sought. the
information is not necessarily a complete summary of all materials on
the subject. please keep in mind that the tax law is constantly
changing.--issn 1089-1536




daily
update . . . . . . . . february 14, 2025

news and tip of the day

to do list-----federal tax calendar--february, 2025
to do list-----all states tax calendar--february, 2025


special reports--

irs grants extra day for returns and payments due january 9--01/08/2025
update on beneficial ownership information reporting--12/27/24
year-end planning--part iii--individuals--12/13/24
year-end planning--part ii--business--12/03/24
year-end planning--part i--11/26/24
irs announces inflation adjustments for pension plans--11/05/24
primer on loans and quickie formula--09/19/24
irs finds many risky economic recovery credit claims
--06/21/24




other recent additions/updates--

auto maximum depreciation for 2025--02/13/25
summary of 2025 revenue rulings, procedures, regulations, etc.--bulletin 7 for 2025--(links to prior years)--02/08/25
irs forms--a searchable list of the most popular irs forms--additions--02/05/25
synopses of tax court cases--week january 25, 2025--(links to prior years)--01/25/25
applicable federal rates (afr)--february, 2025--01/16/25- - - - blended rate-2024 - - -  irs interest rate-short list
auto standard mileage rate, maximum value cents-per-mile rule for 2025--12/23/24
year-end checklist--additions--12/16/24
abbreviations--additions--12/16/24
applicable federal rates (afr)--january, 2025--12/16/24- - - - blended rate-2024 - - -  irs interest rate-short list
interest rates on over- underpayments--first quarter 2025 - - - 
irs interest rate-short list--11/18/24



reference section--

inflation adjusted individual and business tax data

checklists and worksheets
state sites--links to tax, secretary of state, and cpa state society, business licenses and annual report requirements for all states.
frequently asked questions
special reports--articles of continuing interest.

glossary--a collection of tax and business terms.     a-m    n-z
abbreviations--some
common abbreviations used in business and finance.
business,
tax, accounting formulas--formulas, ratios, math, etc.special
forms--corporate, special tax, elections, business, etc.
forms.
irs interest rates, afrs--afr
(applicable federal rate), interest rate on over- and
underpayments.

vehicle
tables--standard mileage rates, luxury car depreciation limits,
amounts for valuing employee use, inclusion amounts for leased
vehicles.

irs
publications--a searchable list of the most popular irs
publications.
irs forms--a searchable list of the most popular irs forms.
valuation
guide for charitable contributions--the thrift shop value of
selected items.
high-low per diem amounts;
sifl rates
irs quick links--
irs
forms and publications    draft tax forms 
post-release changes to irs
forms, instructions, and publications 
special filing season alerts
irs
tax professionals page    irs
small business/self-employed page
priority
guidance plan--upcoming regulations, periodic revenue procedures,
rulings, etc. with anticipated dates.

tax
relief in disaster situations--recent disasters, additional info
from irs     fema
disaster declarations    disaster assistance from the government
irs operations-mission critical functions--what to expect when dealing with irs notices, correspondence, requests, etc.
frequently asked questions on virtual currency 
tax exempt
organization search--check status of charitable
organization.
list of expiring tax provisions
irs withholding calculator    tax withholding estimator faqs
where
to file--caution. there are different addresses for individual
taxpayers, with and without payments, professionals, business,
etc.
irs
filing for individuals--a number of pages for individual tax help including free file.
where's
my refund?--enter your social security number, filing status, and
refund amount to find the status of your irs refund. for a irsgo mobile app.  for state
refunds.

need
help? comments?--
do
you have a comment, specific question or want to know more about a
topic? e-mail us at question@smbiz.com
no guarantees, but we'll try to answer them by e-mail, or, if the
question is general in nature, we'll discuss the topic in a future
issue. please include a brief description in the subject area. 

privacy
policy--
small
business taxes & management does not collect personal data in
any way nor do we monitor individual traffic patterns on our site.
all e-mails are confidential.
we
use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our
website. these companies may use information (not including your
name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits
to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about
goods and services of interest to you. if you would like more
information about this practice and to know your choices about not
having this information used by these companies, click
here. 




