online shoes store xkshoes,here check the latest yeezy shoes click here.
know more about 2020 nike and adidas soccer cleats news,check shopcleat and wpsoccer. online shoes store xkshoes,here check the latest yeezy shoes click here.
know more about 2020 nike and adidas soccer cleats news,check shopcleat and wpsoccer.



home grown greens



























 
        home of the big green bang!
		remember the taste!
        




ring
      gardens


new




harvest shares
heirloom tomatoes




 kin



golden ring high
      tabby ~ toes



so long he will
      not fit in the photo ~ peedo



      rare heart shaped tomato

germination
washing
      sprouts
maters!!

myst house

      shade house

power plugs

how to plant plugs

      composting




      interview with
      timedonkey


phylogenics

      transcendental
      garden


hard seed
		the book
hard 
		seed
video
universal
      birthright

      sagewoman

andrew

kali & andrew

rachael, bev,
       kitty & others

the toast
garden club

the plan



 






 


 


 























hhhh





















bb






welcome to three sisters
      farm!  
      the lychee picking has begun, these gems will be ready on june 1
      organic, sustainable and way, way good  
		gardening classes
starting august 23, 2008

		surefire first time south florida gardening
		composting and recycling
		container gardening
		organic pest and disease control
		heirloom seed germination and propagation
		urban farming
		church & school community nursery garden
email for info:
		
		midd2559@bellsouth.net 
saving seeds video
 http://www.current.com/items/88895395_saving_seeds


sustainable, authentic,
      organic, heirloom, locally grown, tasty, natural
      and  oh sooo  fresh ! 






















 organic heirloom tomato plants and plugs now available at three sisters
        farm

		 

		 
www.homegrowngreens.com

midd2559@bellsouth.net
 
 
 


 
    





plant 1000 gardens
the say of a
      thousand rings
once one thousand
      rings
      one hundred seeds from each one risen
      and then there were 100,000 thronged
      and from them 100 each and so on  still
thrice done from now till then
      when we have grown
      rings of rings
      from east to west
      from south to north
      each ring a voice
      each voice opened to the sound
      of the great ring
      now hear the say
      of what the great ring be
ring of time
      for there all thoughts are shown and patience thanked
      clear
      it is as day one
      of the touching
      the age of dreams where what ifs must be
      no more forshaken
      the source of life recall …. 

have
      you ever had the experience of growing your own food?  

would you like
      to have the very freshest, best tasting food readily available? 

if you answered yes to any of the above questions, then a
      personalized garden from three sisters farm is perfect for you.

click to learn more .......









organic jungle shield





ring
    gardens 
a sustainable gardening system ripe
    with possibility
ring gardens, like those grown at three sisters farm,
    utilize the principles of sustainable agriculture, companion planting, and
    soil building to create a lasting and beautiful ecosystem within a
    relatively small space.  ring
    gardens maximize planting space and once installed, are easy to maintain and
    grow.  the ring structure and
    the practice of companion planting create a lush and fruitful garden, where
    yields are great.  one of the
    greatest benefits of the ring model is that the value of the garden
    increases each year with minimal labor.   the soil, a key element in any garden, becomes richer
    and more fertile with every passing season, due largely to the incorporation
    of composting within the ring.
 
    






home    
      grown greens ~ an attitude and concept of life
heirloom    
      vegetable, herb & flower gardens
 
      food is the first medicine, living food, grow it yourself to connect.
       living food , gardening supplies







 
      sustainable
      authentic agriculture means that the food produced was grown locally,
      using renewable inputs. authentic means that you know who and where the
      food you are eating came from and could visit the farm if you want to. the
      grower sells direct to the folks who are eating the food. this dynamic is
      the heart of a growing movement back to the land where a small farmer, on
      2-5 acres, can profitably be a market gardener, make a decent living and
      never leave home to do it….. live where you work. this is really a
      network of small farmers or refarmers who have the potential to
      revolutionize how food is grown and distributed. it is the rebirth of the
      family farm with the express purpose of creating a high quality life style
      for the farmer and his or her family while providing the finest, freshest,
      living food for many more.










the
      way of the seed
the way of the seed is a
      practical guide to living based on growing your own food in a sustainable,
      natural and consciously connected manner. it requires a simple attitude of
      patient, nurturing stewardship that can yield a secure and grounded
      concept of who and what you are in the grand and glorious circle of life.
      the eye of the gardener fattens the fruit.
the steps along the way
      are simple in concept but need to be done to the best of your ability. the
      first is fundamental:
grow you own food. this
      is the beginning of a life style change that has opened up many to the
      nutritional, psychological and spiritual rewards of actually growing and
      eating food that you were a real part of creating. tomatoes that you grow
      yourself will taste different and contain unique properties that are a
      result of the gardener’s care and spirit. 
      the act and process of feeding yourself produces a certain security
      of being that can not be purchased.
the human being is the
      most efficient source of labor when it comes to growing food in a
      sustainable and productive manner. machines and automation have limited
      usage in the intelligence intensive natural garden where low cost,
      renewable organic elements and management replace massive chemical and
      industrial inputs known as commercial agriculture.
 we
      are about two things, one, growing your own food as much as possible and
      two, reviving the family farm in a holistic way of life, farming refarmed
      to our day and age.
 
































replica hermes products online store - discover the latest hermes products. shop men's and women's replica handbags, wallets, shoes, belts, scarves, ...
dlshoes
replica handbags
hermes handbags
replica hermes handbags






