



  






  



cdi engineering solutions | engineering & technical expertise





















































 
 








 

























about us mission statement
core values
diversity
code of conduct


sustainability battery chemicals
green & blue ammonia / ccus
2023 sustainability report
advanced recycling
biofuels


markets chemicals
energy


hsseq
services building systems engineering
civil engineering
construction support
electrical & power systems engineering
environmental sciences
geosciences & geotechnical services
instrumentation & control systems
marine engineering
mechanical engineering & piping design
process engineering
procurement & supply chain management
project management
structural engineering


projects agriculture & specialty chemicals
civil engineering
commercial & industrial
downstream oil & gas
marine
midstream oil & gas
petrochemicals
renewable energy


noteworthy
careers
contact
 

 





 






































 

cdi engineering solutions  


is a multi-disciplinary engineering organization offering a full range of integrated engineering, design, project support, procurement and  construction management services to the energy and chemicals industries.​

we offer proven project management capabilities, mature systems and processes, a network of eight engineering centers and an incredible team of experts to deliver the most complex and challenging projects –safely, on time and on budget.​

through our technical resourcing division, cdi provides shortand long-term staff augmentation of skilled engineering and technical professionals for capital project requirements.​
 

quality results. sustainable solutions.  safely delivered. 

 

 


 


cdi engineering solutions
is a multi-disciplinary engineering organization offering a full range of integrated engineering, design, architecture and project support services to the energy, chemicals and infrastructure markets. we offer proven project management capabilities, mature systems and processes, a network of ten engineering centers and an incredible team of experts to deliver the most complex and challenging projects – safely, on time and on budget.
with over six decades of leadership, we partner with the organizations that make modern living possible, from the leading providers of energy and critical raw materials, to the finest colleges and universities, and to the government agencies serving our communities.
quality results. sustainable solutions. safely delivered.
cdi engineering solutions – your perfect partner
our employees are the reason our clients return to work with us again and again: their technical expertise. their relevant industry and project experience. their collaborative approach. their unwavering commitment to putting your interests first. through dedicated design and engineering, integrated project delivery or technical staff augmentation, our team becomes your team.
whether your project requires front end planning, facility programming, engineering and design, environmental compliance and permitting, construction management or inspection services, our focus is to understand your needs and align our services with your goals every step of the way. 

learn more
markets





energy


energy
downstream oil & gas – gas processing, refiningmidstream oil & gas – pipeline, tanks, terminals, storagerenewable energystockpile management & inventory










chemicals


chemicals
petrochemicalagricultural & specialty chemicals








services / capabilities





process engineering








mechanical engineering & piping design








civil engineering








structural engineering








electrical engineering & design








instrumentation & control systems








marine engineering and permitting








high-def 3-d laser scanning &drone services 








projectmanagementestimating &scheduling








procurement & supply chainmanagement








technicalresourcing








constructionmanagement, maintenance & turnaround support







testimonials

 

"cdi engineering solutions has provided multi-discipline detailed engineering support for the filmtec, water solutions business in edina, mn for several large projects over the past 10 years with value engineering that was utilized for process utilities equipment as well as custom fabricated equipment module installations. cdi has been responsive in providing a resource team that could get to the site , develop the fel package for cost estimating and schedule development inputs and then deliver the detail design package for construction contract execution. both the project management and discipline resources from cdi have been personable and professional and that goes a long way with establishing the relationships that will deliver quality and value for the project."
 
todd sloggett
project manager, mcpm
water solutions business
dow chemical company (future dupont), midland mi 48674 
 

 






having a project challenge?


speak to an expert















career opportunities 





© copyright 2019 cdi corporation | all rights reserved | privacy | terms

a wholly owned subsidiary of tata consulting engineers ltd

site design and development by bfw advertising

follow us          











 























