






welcome to the fflos! | former fire lookout sites











former fire lookout sites register



visit our sister sites:
national historic lookout register
forest fire lookout association








home
view former lookouts
submit a former lookout
visit report
links








    welcome to the fflos!

do you have pictures of fire lookouts? do you know where those lookouts once stood? have you talked with folks that remember lookouts? do you like to sniff out old trails and roads and see if you can find footings or remnants of old fire lookouts?
if the answer to any of the above questions is "yes," then you have something to add to the forestry history of the united states. all you need are a memory, pictures, and the ability to use the internet. you can post your information with recognition for your efforts.
the national register of former lookout sites is sponsored by the forest fire lookout association with support from the american resources group.
at one time, there were over 8,000 fire lookouts in 49 states according to the national inventory completed by the forest fire lookout association in cooperation with the u.s. forest service. today, fewer than 2,000 lookouts remain. ffla's goal is to recognize, help maintain, and restore as many as possible. currently, there are over 2,000 lookouts registered on the national historic lookout register. most receive some level of maintenance and about 500 are staffed by paid observers or volunteers.
we are in a race with time as abandoned fire towers are sold for scrap to make way for cell towers and other antennas on high points throughout america. members of ffla continue to do all they can to prevent that, and are becoming more successful every year. some lookouts get moved to parks, fairgrounds and museums where people can visit and learn of the proud history of these recognized symbols of forest conservation. others are sold to private parties who move them to their own woodlands and farms to enjoy and preserve them. a few, especially in the south, revert to the landowner when the forestry agency no longer can staff them and face an uncertain future until one of us comes forward with an offer to help.
find a former lookout site
united states























































alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming







american resources, inc. and forest fire lookout association
            374 maple avenue east, suite 310 | vienna, virginia 22180 | (703) 255-2700 | fax: (703) 281-9200 | e-mail: fflos@bitmapped.net


            copyright © 2025, american resources, inc. all rights reserved. contributed material may be separately copyrighted.
            last updated on june 12, 2018 at 2:17 pm.
        





