



awr technology (astronomy - electronics, motors, goto drives, sidereal clocks, display units)








        the ukdrive systemspecialist
        

founded 1986


awr technology - telescope drives - electronics and mechanics
 home page - introduction
welcome to awr technology, design and supply of serious equipment for 
        serious astronomers. we do all things mechanical and electronics for telescope drive systems, time keeping and test equipment and have done since 1986. see our introductory video and knowledge base.

our unique products have helped astronomers world wide overcome limitations with their astronomy equipment. this includes upgrading many heritage, commercial and home-made telescopes with goto capability. kits to replace defunct electronics with our telescope control system. we are in a position to supply custom products to meet special needs.  telescopes upgraded include vixen super polaris to 36 inch reflectors, royal observatory greenwich (28inch), herstmonceux space science centre (all the large working telescopes), perkins observatory telescope (ohio state university) amongst hundreds of others worldwide.
		
our own mount (designed with astromount), the portable english mount (pem) is attracting a lot of interest. this is suitable for 30kg - 100kg payload for latitude range 0 to 70 degrees. specialists including  r.k.d machine shop services cut metal to our drawings. it is all stainless steel and phosphor bronze.
		. . . . what can we do for you?

updated page for lx200 refurbishments
see us at practical astronomy show 15th mar 2025 stoneleigh
video of our stand at the 2022 show.






        the ukdrive systemspecialist
        

founded 1986





awr technologythe old bakehouse,albert road, deal,kent ct14 9rd
        t +44 (0)1304 365918
alan@awrtech.co.uk
        

adding gotocapability

gallery

 price list


price list uk
price list download
order form

downloads - handbooks
picture gallery
goto system upgrades
push to systems
ih topics index
 ih spares & repairs
motors & brackets
test equipment
sidereal clock

keyword index
about awr



drive products

test equipmentmisc products

how to . . . . 



dsc and push to

user support

timekeepingproducts






	 
	you can fill in this form if you want  
       some information.
	if you do not get an email reply please phone!
any page liable to update - use the refresh button
       please tell webmaster with broken links or pages.
© 1986-2024 awr technology





