


mormon, apologetics, jesus christ, bible, religion, christian, prophet































mormon 
        apologetics and information of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints 

















featured items:






shields announces:
periodic blogging by dr. louis c. midgley on shields blog.



 




critics
                  corner
                        information about many lds church critics



 



palmyra
                  project
making available many old lds
                        publications in electronic format.



 




shields blog



 



hoaxes

 

 









what's
            new 



information/
            articles 



articles
                        of faith



news
            & events 



web
            links 



about
            shields 



guidelines 




announcements 



sign-up 




contact us



donations 





 








welcome to shields,
            a site for responses to issues raised by critics of  
the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints
(the church of jesus christ, lds, mormons).  this information is presented with the hope
            that you will not be deceived by those who would not tell you the truth about
            the church of jesus christ. 
we invite all to
      "come unto christ."  we hope the information presented
      on our web site will demonstrate the many misrepresentations which have been told
      about the history and doctrines of the church of jesus christ.  this
      church is christ's.  we invite you to listen to the
      true message of the church.


april 24, 2021: it is with  sadness that we announce the peaceful passing of our brother and friend wayne d. arnett last evening. wayne was a staunch supporter of shields and held a position with fairlds. as such, wayne played a key role in writing and producing "a reference guide," which was co-published by both organizations.
wayne was a very dear friend to stan barker. after wayne's retirement he suffered with lingering illness.
we offer his wife and family our heartfelt best wishes and pray the blessings of our kind and loving heavenly father to be upon them.






the
          latter-day saints have been so repeatedly and generally misrepresented
          and maligned, that ordinarily little has been done by way of
          refutation.  were the people to undertake to meet every lie
          uttered against them and set it right, they would devote the whole of
          their lives to it and then die without accomplishing the desired
          object.  but there are times when a refutation is necessary; when
          the whole people awake in earnestness to deny the misrepresentations
          of those who purposely and wilfully assail them.      
          --- 
        junius f. wells
        the contributor, vol. xiii, no. 1, (november 1891) p. 52 






our 
          mandate: doctrine and covenants 
          123.



caught in
              the web of anti-mormonism?  click on the menu at the left to get out.





please sign
            up for our "update notification."
mormon
            memorabilia.com

 



established 
                  february 1997
 shields site updated:
5 jan 2024
                                            (check new items page)





shields blog
submit a guest post to shields 
    blog by 
    clicking
          
      here.  for those wishing to comment please click here.










search

shields



"a reference 
            guide," 
            co-published by shields
            and  fairlds
located in  books.  more...
             








some documents on this web site are in adobe .pdf format. 
      if you need the  free adobe acrobat
    reader please click  here.
    










| what's new | resources
| news & events | web links |
shields | financial needs
| announcements | sign-up
|









copyright © 1997-2018
copyright "fair use" notice:
the articles written by stanley d. barker, eugene i. humbert, or malin l. jacobs may be
reproduced and used, without alteration, addition or deletion, in accordance with shields guidelines, for
any non-pecuniary or non-publishing purpose, without permission.  all other pages are
used here with the permission of the supplying author.  permission for reproduction
or distribution of these other author-supplied articles will need to come from those
authors unless otherwise noted with the article.






 the contributors to this site are solely responsible for the
    contents of their contributions.  while placement on this site implies general
    approval by 
    shields, it does not
    imply agreement with every detail in that contribution.  shields is not sponsored by, nor officially affiliated with the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints.














