






visual basic accelerator home































        ...a site devoted to providing free, advanced source code
        to visual basic programmers.
        






                 
                


headlines




                updated: 14 february 2003
                


                 
                



                 
                


		vbaccelerator is preparing for a new launch - a beta test version
		of the new site is now online to have a look at - with new and
		updated code!
                




                 
                



                 
                


what's new




                updated: 14 february 2003
                


                 
                



                 
                


                new source code on the site.
		new listbar, tabs and avi player controls and shell samples are available on the beta
test site; plus updates and fixes for many of the articles.
                


                 
                



                 
                


go to the code!




                updated: 21 march 2019
                


                 
                




        a flavour of the site
        

        visual basic is a great progamming tool, and makes it easy to write most of your application.  but
        then, what if you want to include the latest user interface components, like 
        cool menus, flat toolbars, rebars, 
        pager controls,
        icon menus,
        combo boxes with graphics,
        drop down tool windows or
        flat, mouse-over highlighting combo boxes?
        how do you check all the registry settings 
        or put yours in the right place?  
        and what if you want to create fast moving sprites or even a 
        directx game?
        and then there's the issue of fragmentation.  do you really want to have to distribute an outrageous
	1038kb of ocx just to show a toolbar on your application when vbaccelerator can give you one which 
	does more at 1/10 of the size?
        
        this site is here to help you break through vb's limits and provide some solid source code to base
        modern applications around.  everything here is free and comes with full source code.
        


        check out the tips section!  packed full of short api tips 
        covering graphics, rebooting (and not just because the code causes a gpf in gdi.exe), 
        using the clipboard and more.  this section brings out bits of
        code that aren't as long as the full source code articles, but are still complete and fully
        commented.  great stuff for your vb libraries!
	








new site - beta

	check out the beta version of the new vbaccelerator site, due for launch
	at the end of february.  web hosting by justhemes windows web servers.
	



neocaption component

	make your app cooler with this form skinning component. customises all of the non-client area
	of a form, including the menus, control box, min/max/close buttons... serious!
	



outlook style grid

	s-grid is an all vb grid giving you the control other grids don't, and all in 240kb.  create outlook-style
	grids, span column text across rows, freely set row and column heights, set colours and fonts
	for each cell, add icons to cells, sort and group data...
	new version! 1 november 1999 - with vb6 binary.
	



icons in menus v2
        
        the icon menu control makes it simple.  drop it onto your form, and the existing
        vb menus become ownerdrawn.  to get icons into the menus, just link the icon menu control to an image
        list and then tell it which icons to use with which menu items.
	new version! 10 january 1999.
        










 




about  send feedback  privacy








