







home - kha online-sds management










































 





 








skip to content



 


solutions
safety news blog
about kha
contact us
 







powering safer workplaces since 1985
cloud-based
mobile apps
the original innovator
of electronic sds
management
reduce riskincrease workplace safetyassure regulatory compliancesave time

schedule a demo



 

 






industry-leading safety data sheet management


osha's support of ghs has made it essential that employers maintain an accurate sds library. online-sds allows unlimited access to a vast database of safety data sheets that are updated regularly.
learn more







 
diminish risk,increase workplace safety.assure regulatory compliance




 
advanced search features allow you to locate the information you need according to 35 fields that we index.

learn more




 
from iso to osha, standards require that records are maintained as you work in spaces where permits are required.

learn more




 
the industry's most comprehensive training solution to comply with osha hazmat training requirements.

learn more




 
easily and quickly meet the tracking and reporting requirements related to your hazmat inventory.

learn more




 
environmental management is a complex regulatory task with a growing demand for achieving increased performance.

learn more






 

award-winning technology meets superior experience
thousands of organizations power their safety programs with kha applications.


 






khaonline-sds
hazmat inventory
ghs hazcom training
confined space manager
about kha
connectcontact
safety news™
disclaimer
            




copyright © 1985-2024 kelleher, helmrich and associates, inc. all rights reserved.

terms of service
privacy policy
uptime/system status
disclaimer
cookie policy
privacy statement
 
233 east 84th drive suite 203 merrillville, in 46410 usa(800) 274-4995 

info@kha.com www.kha.com



back to top






manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional cookies



functional cookies

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 
















