











my adventure blog – my daily adventures
























skip to content


		advanced features of this website require that you enable javascript in your browser. thank you!	





my adventure blog
my daily adventures



primary menu
menu




search for:



 



homeabout me
contact me
my services












why dry carpet cleaning is better than wet carpet cleaning


author deborah evanspublished on 13/02/202113/02/2021



carpet cleaning is a dedicated and sophisticated process. the cleaning process often goes wrong if not handled properly. there are instances when despite putting effort to clean the carpet, the desired outcome is not as expected. this happens due to various reasons, but the most prominent one is improper cleaning techniques. the cleaning technique is often disregarded, but it carries the most value in the carpet cleaning process.
we often come across situations when the carpet gets dirtier after a thorough cleaning. there are also instances when the carpet smells musky after cleaning. the long drying time and fade of color are the other common problems. these all come due to a very common problem that is cleaning technique. the best way to for residential carpet cleaning is to dry clean and not wet clean.

there are multiple benefits of dry cleaning of the carpet. of course, all the problems mentioned above would be removed, but there are additional benefits as well.
low moisture
dry cleaning is generally regarded as low moisture cleaning. moisture is the key reason behind many problems on the carpet. the molds and mites generally propagate in the moist condition. it also takes time for the carpet to dry with wet cleaning services. the very low moisture cleaning is a less strained cleaning which effectively cleans the carpet and makes it ready for use quickly.
ingredients
instead of chemicals, dry cleaning uses biodegradable compounds for cleaning. the moisture microsponges are used for the cleaning which is spread over the carpet. these sponges absorb the dirt in the carpet and also the soiled components. when the carpet is vacuumed, the dirt and the soil components come out of the carpet. this is quite an effective technique to extract the dirt and soil out of the carpet. this does not harm the fiber of the carpet and at the same time, it is very effective.
stain removal
there are several polymers that are used in dry cleaning now that have the ability to remove stains from the carpet easily. these polymers are highly effective in removing stains with low moisture. this ensures that the stain is completely removed without much water. the best part of the dry cleaning is that it can be used for the removal of the smell as well. the dry cleaning process could be equally helpful for the overall cleaning process where fiber remains soft, the soil of the carpet is cleaned and at the same time, the foul smell is removed.
quick drying
well, it goes without saying that the dry cleaned carpet takes very little time to dry. so, it gets ready to use very quickly. also, there is hardly any moisture used in the carpet, hence, the moisture does not remain with the fibers. there is no need for direct sun or heat to dry it, hence the color of the carpet also remains intact.
there was a time when people tend to believe that less soiled carpets are good for dry cleaning. however, slowly the dry cleaning is replacing the wet cleaning techniques.



published on 13/02/202113/02/2021categories self





tips to know about house cleaning


author deborah evanspublished on 20/01/202015/12/2020




it is said
that a house must be cleaned in every quarter. however, when i talk about
cleaning, that means the deep cleaning, not the regular cleaning that we do
every day. the house is made up of materials, amenities, furniture and
equipment if i have to talk materialistically. the continuous use gives wear
and tear to the materials as well. to ensure that the longevity of the
amenities is increased, deep cleaning is necessary and need to the house.
however, it is not a cake walk and one needs to be really expert to clean
things very well. however, it is not impossible as well. there are few things
that need to be made sure in the cleaning process. here is some of the most
important house cleaning tips that can improve your process. 
regular
cleaning 
there are two kinds of cleaning that must be a part of the house cleaning. the very first thing is the regular cleaning. the regular cleaning of the house can do wonders for the house. the regular house cleaning is simple and must be done at the regular interval. this ensures that the house is not very dirty and dusty. moreover, you can do the cleaning in parts so that the responsibility of cleaning the entire house does not come at one point of time. hiring a professional though usually will get these tasks completed without adding any stress to your daily life. make sure to include carpet rug cleaning in your chores.
deep cleaning

the deep
cleaning of the house should be done with a proper plan. there are few things
that should be kept in mind.
approach 
the first thing is how to approach the cleaning. many follow the simple technique of chemical cleaning where cleaning powders are used to clean the house. there are solutions available in the market that can help you to clean the furniture and upholstery as well. on the other, there are different chemicals available for the bathroom cleaning, kitchen cleaning, and even window pane cleaning. however, many like to go the natural way and ensure the eco-friendly products are used to clean the house. 
plan 
one needs a plan to decide the order of cleaning. it is often seen that the window panes are cleaned in the regular cleaning. however, the people like to start from the kitchen and end it in the bathroom. there are reasons behind it. the bathroom generally takes the least time to clean. it is because it should be part of the cleaning every day. however, the kitchen takes a lot of time and one may not find time to deep clean it quite often. the corners of the house, the furniture and the upholstery, stairs and other amenities must be deep cleaned as well. 
time 
it is very
important to decide the time for deep cleaning. the deep cleaning should be
done at least once in three months. however, one must keep two days to do it,
it can become real hectic to clean everything in one day. 
professional
service 
however, it is best to call the professional service to do the house cleaning for you. the professional service can complete the procedure in an effective way within the budget. it also saves your time and energy. hiring professional service can make your life less stressful and more fun. 



published on 20/01/202015/12/2020categories self





carpet cleaning tips & techniques for your business


author deborah evanspublished on 17/01/202021/01/2021




cleaning your carpets regularly can really
improve the appearance of your house. it is a small step to maintain the
hygiene of your house. professional carpet cleaning make sure that the carpet
is properly cleaned. for an average house owner, it is nearly impossible to get
the same result. however, there are some tips and tricks you can follow to get
similar result. these secrets were shared by professional carpet cleaners and
these are very effective. some of those tips are shared below which you can follow
to get the best result out of your carpet cleaning. 
there are many ways of cleaning the carpet. you probably have tried everything before and yet to get the better result. carpet cleaning must be done in an orderly fashion. you cannot skip any step otherwise the cleaning won’t be proper. here are some tips you can follow given to us by a carpet cleaners in vancouver: 
vacuum cleaner is the most important tool for carpet cleaning. there are no easy way to clean the carpet without vacuum. vacuum cleaning should be a regular process. you should vacuum your carpet at least twice a week. it will make sure that the dirt’s are loose making it easier to clean the carpet later on. furniture rotation is also very important while cleaning the carpet. we often keep our furniture on the same spot for years. this will leave some spots of the carpet unreachable. those spot will eventually ruin your carpet. you should rotate your sofa and tables regularly to avoid that situation. while cleaning, you should be able to reach every spot of your carpet. that will ensure proper carpet cleaning. go to post to read.steam cleaning can be another solution for carpets. but it must be done carefully, as it is a tricky process. professional carpet cleaning companies generally provide steam cleaning service. if you plan to do it on your own, you should learn about the process. don’t attempt it without proper knowledge of the whole process. if you leave too much water on the carpet after a steam cleaning, this may result in an unhealthy situation inside your home. learning is the key before doing it. moisture trapped inside your carpet will provide a perfect environment for mold to grow. your carpet should be in dry condition within 24 hours, if it is not – something is wrong with the steam cleaning. if you have wax on your carpet, there are ways of cleaning it. you can use the edge of a plastic card to remove those wax from the carpet. you can also apply some heat on the wax so it can melt. after melting you can clean the wax properly from the carpet. an iron can be a great heat provider for melting wax. make sure, you are not holding it for long otherwise it may ruin your carpet fibers. 
carpet cleaning is very important for the
healthy environment of your house. a carpet may look clean and tidy but it is
generally not. you should conduct regular carpet cleaning to maintain a healthy
environment inside your house. 



published on 17/01/202021/01/2021categories work





seven questions that you need to ask before booking a party bus


author deborah evanspublished on 14/01/202006/12/2020




party bus is fascinating and is one of the modern modes of transportation for fun. if you are planning for a party with friend and family, then party bus is one of the best options. however, if you are planning for a party bus for the first time, then you need to know a few things. the most important part of booking a party bus is to ask relevant questions to the rental services to ensure that everything is arranged. see here if you need more information. a successful celebration at party bus isn’t difficult but making arrangements cannot be ignored. here are a few things that you need to know before you enjoy your celebrations. 
guests 
how many guests are coming to
your party? this is one of the most important questions that you need to know.
the size of the party bus depends on the number of passengers. the moment you
would reach out to rental service, they would ask you about it. the capacity of
a party bus can be for 12 people to 40 people, depending on the requirement of
the host. 
amenities

amenities are your requirement
and thus must be inquired. specific requirements like dance floors, bathrooms
or others can be inquired to the rentals service. not all party bus has similar
amenities, hence specific requirements should be clarified well in advance. 
documents

you would not really like to
travel on a bus which does not have documentation. the license of the driver
should be mandatory. it is also necessary to cross-check the fit to travel
certificates for the bus. many forget to ask about the insurance papers to the
rental services. however, that is one of the most important parts of your short
but memorable journey. the vehicle should be insured and as well as your
travel. 
refreshments

do you need refreshments from the service providers? well, most of the party bus does include the refreshments, but the quantity and variety may not be of your choice. hence, it is better to clarify the arrangement of refreshments. if you have a plan to arrange refreshment from other places or means, then it is good to inform the party bus service providers for a transparent and clear understanding of the arrangements. 
entertainment

party bus means entertainment and
celebration. hence, you can ask about the entertainment options available with
the party bus. mostly, they would have a standard set of games for the on-board
entertainment. you can always bring your own set of entertainment games if you
do not like the options you have with the party bus.
routes 
you must have a clear conversation
on the routes. the pick-up point, the destination, the routes that the party
bus would follow, should be discussed. the professional service would guide you
about the routes as well, considering the traffic and other advisories. 
policies
all policies should carefully read and asked. important policies like payment policies and cancellation policies must be agreed upon before booking the party bus services. 
a reunion, a prom night, a
birthday, anniversary celebrations can be made unique and amplified with a
party bus. all you need to do is to make sure everything is in place and all
the right information has been gathered and answered. 



published on 14/01/202006/12/2020categories self, travel





why do you need limousine service during a business trip?


author deborah evanspublished on 12/01/202018/02/2021




are your business trips tiresome and stressful lately? well, if that is the case then it is might not be well organized and comfortable. one of the best ways to turn around your business trips is to improve transportation where the maximum hassle is created. investing in limousine transportation for business travel is one of the best ideas the company can rely on. it does not matter whether one is traveling to and from the airport or different office or conference destinations, limousine can take everywhere. there are plenty of reasons to do that and here are some of the important ones. 
limousines
drivers 
the drivers of the limousine are not only safe but are very well groomed as well. they are well behaved and are also efficient in navigation. the drivers from https://torontolimovip.ca are always aware of the city roads and they take you to exactly where you want. most of the times, people struggle to get a parking slot just before the conference or an important business meeting. there have been many incidents when sudden closed roads or accidents have delayed people to key meetings. but the limousine drivers at know the accident-prone areas, they are updated about closed roads and city traffic. hence, one can reach the meeting without any struggle on time. for details click here.
reliable 
service is all about reliability and
quality. the excellent and comfortable ride of limousine is coupled with
reliability. the hired limo is always a call away and that makes everyone’s
life easy. 
affordable 
many would comment on the affordability of the limousine services. however, the reality is far from the common talks. limo services are very affordable and they can save a lot of cost for the company. normal taxi services can cost you a lot with the meter running all the time. there can be an opportunity cost if any meeting or conference is missed. limousine services ensure that there is no opportunity cost and no hidden charges or cost. hence, the overall cost is quite effective. in the business world, it is called that time is money and limousine services save a lot of time. 
comfort 
this might be one of the most important
reasons why limousine services are hired. the comfortable travel from any
location gives anyone that edge to remain calm and relaxed. one can go through
the meeting points or use the internet to research further before the meeting.
the comfort journey also ensures freshness of mind for better meeting
presentation. a limousine service comes with all the amenities and facilities
as well. so, in case, if you want to listen to some music to get over the jet
lag, then a limo ride is the perfect ride. 
during the business trips, meetings or
conferences remain the primary focus. however, a poor transportation
arrangement can shift the focus entirely. so, a total and comprehensive
transportation arrangement always remains the need of the hour for a business
trip. limousine service provides exactly the same. 



published on 12/01/202018/02/2021categories travel





travel advice from an experienced traveler


author deborah evanspublished on 15/12/2019



here are some travel advice given by famous traveler with whom it served to help many people get ready better prior to travel.



here are also some of our own advice on how to get over you travel fears and how to prepare and get rid of any pests in your home before traveling!



published on 15/12/2019categories travel





travel community service – is it worth taking the risk?


author deborah evanspublished on 17/01/201716/01/2017




the traveling is hobby for many people. however, when people travel unknown places in the country or somewhere else in other countries, the safety and securities are considered. there was a time when people thought staying in a luxury hotel is a part of the travel. however, this is not the case. the travel community has now emerged as one of the major thing in this world that can reduce your cost and comfort is guaranteed.
however, is it safe and what is it basically? here is what travel community is and how it is impacting the travel industry.
what is travel community?
travel community is a kind of services where people from different parts of the world are connected through a common platform. so, when someone comes from the different part and post a request to stay at a particular place, one can host the guest. so, the host gets paid by the guest and the guest gets warm welcome to stay at a cheaper rate than the hotel. this is growing absolutely fast where people are adopting this concept and staying at different places of the world. however, the questions that need to be addressed are about, comfort, facilities and of course security. in short, is it worth of taking risk? let’s find out.
connectivity
the first thing that has to be appreciated is that the concept is really beautiful. the connectivity is slowly increasing in the world and people are getting accustomed to the hosting facilities. of course there are mutual benefits and it can actually expand the hospitality industry and business to every other part. the comfort level and the experience will anyway depend upon the host. it is true that every person is not same, and thus one may face problem, but clear communication and spelled out talks can solve this problem.
affordability
the travel community services are way to cheaper than the luxury hotels. moreover, there is no pressure of booking and also check in and check out time frames. moreover, one can stay near to the travel spot that further brings down the cost of transport. the locals remain helpful as travel guide and one does not really need dedicated travel guide or agency to road map the travel. this is an interesting prospect of the travel community for sure.
security
this is however remains a questionable area. the hotels are much safer and secured than the unknown people. however, it is not necessary that one will be dumped or face any criminal activities. however, the uncertainty often holds people back to opt for this option. it becomes very concerning when people visit countries that they are not familiar with and has a notorious image for the tourists. even though the travel community does ground work to ensure safety but this should be kept in mind and precautions should be taken. it is also important to ensure that everything is alright.
the travel community is certainly an interesting prospective and is becoming very popular. however, as a tourist, you must ensure all the quality checkpoints are thoroughly observed.
 


published on 17/01/201716/01/2017categories travel





conquer the fear of travel


author deborah evanspublished on 20/08/201605/08/2016




travelling is a word which always sound exciting and thrilling. most of us enjoy every moment while travelling but for some it can be a matter of stress and anxiety. the anxiety during travel is nothing new, many of us suffer from this situation. it is the fear of going someplace unknown and learning about something new. our bad traveling experience is the main reason behind travel related anxiety. all travel experiences are not pleasant; some can bring bad memories. if you worry too much you will never be able to enjoy the trip.  so here are tips to enjoy a stress free travel:
making preparations
the more you prepare for the trip, the more you will be relaxed. last minute travel decisions can cause serious stress and tension. you should sort out the things which you are worried about, then try to know about those details. in that way you can prepare for those things and it releases stress. if you are worried about the rules and regulations of staying in a luxurious hotel, try to find out information about those hotels. once you know the rules, you will worry less about that. if you are worried about the flight, bring some books or music listening device with you.
flight phobia
the fear of being on a place is common among many travelers. there is no point of keep worrying about the flight, it can ruin your whole trip. instead try to find the root of the problem. you should find what causing you the fear and anxiety. turbulence can cause fear among passengers, but you should not be worried about that. every airline big or small follow some safety measures. your safety is the first concern for them. so you should relax and enjoy your journey. you can read some books or listen to music to relax your mind.
mediation
it is a proper solution to get rid of all kinds of stress and anxiety. meditation can also help you to reduce travel related anxiety. mediation allows you to get control of your mind, in that way you will be able to tackle your fear. a relaxed mind is mandatory to enjoy a trip. various meditation techniques can be found online. you can browse those sites to learn more about mediation process. some meditation techniques are specific to reduce travel related anxiety. our subconscious mind is responsible for all fears; meditation is a great way of gaining control of your subconscious mind.
know the unknowns
facing the unknown is the main cause of fear. you are likely to be tensed about something which you don’t know about. so it is better to know about the unknowns before you travel to somewhere. there will be lots of things new about travelling to a new place. you should know about the culture and traditions of a particular place before travelling there. the more you know about that place, the more your mind will be relaxed.


published on 20/08/201605/08/2016categories travel





helpful recommendations for operating your popular home improvement blog


author deborah evanspublished on 11/05/201615/04/2020



it is crucial to take care of research and market segmentation before creating a home improvement products review website. once you've selected your target audience, your marketing campaigns should be designed to appeal to their needs and desires. if your marketing tools aren't focused you will confuse your customers.
take a look at our suggestions to construct a great website. 
if you want to collect up-to-the-date, solid info for your home improvement products review website in a cost effective manner, then forums are a great place to start. visitor input will keep the content on your website alive and applicable to a lot of individuals that should access your home repair tips site through search engine usage. you can have visitors who set up accounts to discuss topics on your forums which provides a perpetual flow of content. search engines favor websites displaying fresh content, and by having an active forum you will increase your ranking.
your home improvement products review website construction and design is the primary factor that affects visitors' experience while browsing. keep the navigation easy to understand and provide interesting content that's not hard to read. unappealing websites are likely to alienate visitors, and those people are not likely to return again. visit popular home repair tips sites in your field and stay abreast of trends in web site design.
there's no such thing as an ideal home improvement products review website, but you should always strive to create the very best website possible. you should take your time and view your home repair tips site from all perspectives, making improvements where they are needed.
home improvement blogs require constant updating and attention, which not only takes a lot of time, it requires a lot of dedication. today's best websites are a combination of information and art, so it's best to spend enough time on it to design something comparable.
popular online businesses are constantly seeking out new subscribers and obtain many email addresses this way. the more people who subscribe to your home improvement products review website, the more potential customers you will gain. top performing websites have used e-mail marketing for many years. all landing pages need to have an e-mail opt-in, if at all possible.
more visitors will set up an account on your home improvement products review website if you make it simple for them to sign up. don't let purchasers buy before they register on your homepage. even though a lot of people prefer never to, everyone should be offered the option of registering. ensure account holders receive important updates about your inventory and any important details about their orders, including tracking info for packages.


published on 11/05/201615/04/2020categories work





mistakes that you must avoid in home renovation


author deborah evanspublished on 30/01/201613/01/2016



home decorations and home renovations are important. people do not often go for big renovations unless they want an overall acoustic change at the home. however, people often go wrong with the approach and the plan of the renovations. these are not because some blunders but because of some small and silly mistakes that are often ignored. but these are the most important parts of the renovation. you might have come across many tips and ideas about renovations, but here are the mistakes that you can make while changing your home.

impractical plans
the home renovation is not only about doing it but also about the time, effort and money invested on it. you have to be very careful about all these things while renovating your home. people just make plans that need a good amount of time, lots of efforts and, of course, dilute your bank balance. this is not at all practical approach for home renovation. the renovation is a continuous process and if you do not have a solid plan, you can break the plan in parts and complete the same.
cheap renovation
it is true that people have budget constraints on renovations. however, that does not mean that you will go for the cheap approach. the quality and the standard should be high class to avoid further investment on the same thing. if you are considering that cheap renovation would help you to save money then let me tell you that you are actually inviting more trouble. it is often observed that cheap materials and other requirements collapse in short time and that asks for reinvestment on the same project.
improper measurements
the measurements are very much important and you may forget it very easily. when you are planning for a renovation, you have to make sure you have the proper measurements of the rooms, furniture, and others. the improper measurements do not only increase the waste and cost but also hampers the plan and time. you may be going ahead with certain plans, but if the measurement is not correct then you may have to revisit the plan and change at the middle of the renovation work. this is tedious to achieve but also a setback to the overall plan.
contractors
renovation contractors are very common and popular in the society today. it is true that some of the contractors are really good and can make a good contribution to the home renovations. however, it is also true that all the contractors are not good enough to take care of the renovation responsibilities. hence, it is very important to select the right contractor with good feedback and excellent background before going ahead with the renovation work.
permissions
this is one thing that depends upon provinces and countries. there are certain permissions that are required for some renovation works and you must grab it before the renovation starts. this always helps you to avoid unnecessary hassle in the renovation work.
these are the common mistakes that people often commit while renovating and you must ensure that none of them is repeated when you are renovating your sweet home.
 
 


published on 30/01/201613/01/2016categories reno



posts pagination
page 1
page 2
next page




main sidebar


search for:



follow us

recent posts


why dry carpet cleaning is better than wet carpet cleaning


tips to know about house cleaning


carpet cleaning tips & techniques for your business


seven questions that you need to ask before booking a party bus


why do you need limousine service during a business trip?


archives

february 2021
january 2020
december 2019
january 2017
august 2016
may 2016
january 2016
november 2015
october 2015
august 2015
july 2015
june 2015

categories

reno

self

travel

work






footer content




			
			
			using tiny framework •
 log in












