



home

























navigation









ignite your journey: apply now and blaze your trail with vincennes university!













search bar





























navigation menu









about vu
                                       
                                       
request information
alumni & giving
mission & leadership
accreditation
campus security
diversity equity inclusion
institutional policies
key offices
vu in the news


academics
                                       
                                       
major & degree finder
university catalogs
class schedules
student resources
english as an additional language(eal)
honors program
library
cybersecurity center
community education
shake learning resource center


admission & aid
                                       
                                       
admissions
consumer information
cost of attendance
financial aid
international admission
jag college success
next level jobs
placement testing
scholarships
transfer opportunities
veterans services
visit & tour


locations
                                       
                                       
vincennes campus
jasper campus
military education sites
gibson county center
indianapolis american sign language
indianapolis aviation technology center
high school dual credit
online
statewide business & industry training


campus life
                                       
                                       
housing
dining
events
recreation center
jefferson union student center
bowling center
aquatic center
e sports
shircliff art gallery
athletics
student clubs & organizations
health & wellness
student resources
red skelton theater


employer resources
                                       
                                       
employer gateway
business & industry training programs
career center
next level jobs
work based learning


adult & continuing education
                                       
                                       
adult basic education
career center
continuing education
next level jobs


colleges & schools
                                       
                                       
business & public service
health sciences & human performance
humanities
science, engineering & mathematics
social science, performing arts & communication
technology


give today!











vu-x









                        										resources
                        									

 apply 
 visit & tour 
 request info 




                        										info for:
                        									

 students 
 faculty 
 family 
 alumni 
 employment @ vu 








 

welcome















apply










programs










request info










visit & tour









vu-x




















apply










programs










request info










visit & tour









vu-x













































campus living


                                                         					our campus pulses with energy and excitement. you’re just a walking distance
                                                         from class, clubs and student activities.
                                                         				






























hands on learning


                                                         					gain real-world experience on and off-campus, in competitions, in other countries,
                                                         through internships.
                                                         				






























learning from the best


                                                         					our faculty is known for being highly experienced in the fields they teach, providing
                                                         students with an immersive, collaborative, and inspiring environment.
                                                         				


























                                       							we believe in you, and know you're capable of great things.
                                       						





                                             									
                                             										blaze
                                             									
                                             								





                                             									
                                             										your
                                             									
                                             								





                                             									
                                             										trail
                                             									
                                             								





                                       							vu is a small university which allows your instructors to give you individualized
                                       support. you will be known by your name and connected with resources to meet your
                                       goals. here you will be respected, listened to, and cared about.
                                       						



























tour our campus






































home of the trailblazers

our story




a degree above the rest

explore 180+ programs




living and learning

campus life

















known for being first

founded in 1801 vu is indiana’s first college making your degree widely recognized
                                                                        by top employers! vincennes is a vibrant city rich with culture and history. here
                                                                        you will find many unique local happenings such as the george rogers clark national
                                                                        historic park, fort knox ii, and the mansion of vu founder and us president william
                                                                        henry harrison.

learn more about our history


a degree above the rest


those with a college degree tend to earn more, a lot more. with a bachelor’s degree
                                                                           you may earn approximately $1 million more than someone with a high school diploma.
                                                                           college is a pathway to a great career, it's also where you’ll build a professional
                                                                           network, find a community filled with new people, and have new exciting experiences.
                                                                           here you’ll make life-long friends, learn about yourself and about the world around
                                                                           you.


browse our degree finder


campus life

on and off campus trailblazers have access to a multitude of extracurricular activities
                                                                        such as music festivals, the arts, and action-packed athletic events! vincennes is
                                                                        a historic city that is rich and vibrant with culture. you will enjoy local theatre,
                                                                        festivals, historic landmarks and plenty of unique eats.

campus life










































scholarships & savings




we believe quality education should be affordable and attainable to all. that's why
                                                            vu keeps tuition low, in fact we have the lowest tuition of any residential university
                                                            in the state of indiana. we also offer a plethora of scholarships that can help you
                                                            pay for college tuition and living expenses.vu offers instate tuition for indiana, illinois, kentucky, michigan and ohio.










scholarship information
































news and events









all news













all events
















          02/10/2025   vu to honor a century of journalism excellence with special anniversary event  the vincennes university college of social science, performing arts, and communication is proud to celebrate the centennial anniversary of its journalism and photojournalism programs, which have produced media professionals for 100 years.   read more             02/06/2025   indiana high school machining competition coming to vu  vincennes university, a recognized leader in manufacturing education, will host the indiana chapter of the national tooling and machining association (intma) high school machining competition on february 21-22.   read more             01/30/2025   vu bachelor of science in nursing degree ranks among indiana's top programs  the vincennes university rn to bachelor of science in nursing (bsn) degree has received acclaim for its excellence, with nurse.org ranking it among the top three nursing programs in indiana.   read more             01/27/2025   holocaust traveling exhibit coming to vu shake library in march  the vincennes university shake library is gearing up to host the traveling exhibit "americans and the holocaust," accompanied by engaging events exploring this tragic historical period. additionally, the library will showcase heartfelt butterfly...   read more             01/23/2025   propelling martin luther king's dream forward through hope and community at vu  illuminated by candlelight and filled with hope, vincennes university students and the vu community united to honor martin luther king jr. together, they carried forward his vision of justice - one step at a time. they paid tribute to the civil rights...   read more   
















university events







all events




















                                             											connect with us
                                             										


 facebook  instagram  twitter  youtube  linkedin 
















meet our students








all student stories















































jabari hunter
vu opened up possibilities for things i didn't even know about when i first started
                                                                                                      playing the piano. joining the blues ensemble and christian campus fellowship at vu
                                                                                                      allowed me to show the world who i am.


perla maldonado
my experience has been incredible. i have a good teacher. she is a very kind, understanding,
                                                                                                      and friendly person. my colleagues are very generous. i have met more students who
                                                                                                      have helped me practice my english. 


my vũ
 studying at vu has helped me prepare and cultivate my confidence, essential skills,
                                                                                                      and knowledge, and now i am ready for my new journey at arizona state university this
                                                                                                      coming fall. 


fatima ayala
 i chose vincennes university because i grew up in the town, and i wanted to stay
                                                                                                      close to home, plus it was affordable, which is the best.


marley elder
 i had a choice to go straight into the workforce or transfer to another school, but
                                                                                                      i stayed because i like the teachers. i feel like i’m learning a lot compared to other
                                                                                                      schools. the community is great. i’ve made lots of friends here. it’s just a nice,
                                                                                                      quiet, friendly community. 
























































































                                                										ready to begin?
                                                									








apply









visit









programs





































                                                         										the lifeblood of our institution is our students
                                                         									



whether you are a gamer, foodie, performer, activist, artist or athlete you will have
                                                         plenty to do! each semester is packed with performances and time-honored activities
                                                         like paddling the wabash.










campus life



























 back to top 

vincennes logo


812-888-vuvu 800-742-9198
1002 north first street vincennes, indiana 47591
sign up for e-alerts  sign up for the vu news insider contact us give now 



 facebook 
 instagram 
 twitter 
 youtube 
 linkedin 







vu-x
accreditation 
emergency procedures 
employment
for media & press 
student complaint 
student right to know 
campus maps 
protect vu
sitemap 













accessibility 
parking information 
privacy 


© vincennes university | all rights reserved


 








©







