





	kall8 : vanity, 1 800 numbers, & toll free phone services - home































































 info@kall8.com
 1-866-222-1818
 +1 206 479 2600












 sign up!


 log in




username




password



log in
or
sign up

forgot your password?

login with



























activate your toll-free number for free – use promo code: 0setup



























                                        powerful and easy alerting api
                                    




















menu

toggle navigation









home


features

number types
account management
included features
enhanced services
business phone services



rates


agents

about us



contact us




contact us and learn more





instantly increase your customer reach.
there is no one in the industry that can match our included features or our enhanced service capabilities.
contact info 






 why kall8 soars!
 become an agent





 find a swiftapi developer
 purchase from a partner






learn what will work best for you!
we have the answers to your questions when it comes to all your toll free number questions.
view faqs 


















2







































                                your own toll free number!
                            






                                get your own toll free number now!
                                
                                starting at just $5 per month.
                            


get a number now! 



view number types 












                                get business text messaging!
                            






                                send and receive texts on your kall8 numbers.  instantly connect with your customers.
                            


add business texting














                                mobile app now available!
                            






                                sign up online, then download the app to  manage your business number!
                            


sign up 





















                                transfer your toll free numbers!
                            






                                transfer your numbers from your current provider.
                                
                                it's easy and starts at just $5 per month.
                            


transfer numbers



sign up now! 



















our features

with kall8, you can instantly activate and forward your 800 numbers, view calls, and analyze the results of your ad campaigns online. 




account management

complete control at your fingertips with the click of a mouse! kall8’s secure online management is included free with toll free service.
read more 





included features

all kall8 numbers include our huge set of features at no additional charge. features like custom call forwarding and conferencing.
read more 





toll free evolved

kall8 provides enhanced services that are available for an additional charge. features like virtual pbx, hunt groups and more!
read more 















get your own toll free number!
it's easy to get your toll free numbers starting at only $5 per month. simply select a number from our extensive list of toll free numbers.



find one now














why choose us

kall8 is the only fully integrated toll free service that offers traditional 800 service with a complete set of online tools to manage and track your toll free numbers in real time.











with kall8, you can instantly activate and forward your 800 numbers, view calls, and analyze the results of your ad campaigns online. 






extremely easy to use
                                    our online tools put you in total control of your numbers.
                                








packed full of features
                                    every feature imaginable to support your toll free numbers.
                                








24/7 support
our eager support staff is waiting to support your every need.



learn more  or sign up 






we've built our toll free kall8 product for our own use and because we use it in our own applications, you can be assured that it will meet or exceed all of your requirements.



online account tools
                                    complete account control at your fingertips!
                                








enhanced features
                                    several cutting-edge enhanced services are available.
                                








supports all number types
                                    you can change number settings in real time.
                                





sign up or learn more 















account management

kall8’s secure online management is included free with toll free service. once logged into your account, you will be able to change your ring-to number, view your call detail reports, set up/add features, update your payment information, plus much more – all with the click of a mouse! here are a few examples:










change ring-to number
with this feature, you can change your ring-to number manually or have your ring-to number change automatically depending on the time of day. update your toll free location in real-time with our online account management tool — anytime, anywhere. all you need is a connection to the internet, and you’ll be able to instantly access your account.






call history reports
view the history of all calls to your toll free number and generate reports dynamically by date, length of call, or specific number. all calls to your toll free number are date and time stamped for easy sorting and review. export these records to generate customer databases, monitoring ad campaigns, generating leads, and more.







call analytics
track activity on all of your kall8 numbers with our free call analytics tools. assign a different campaign name and 800 number to each ad campaign and easily analyze the results. you can view the total volume and percentage of calls for each campaign, run caller origination reports, calculate your cost per call, and more!







real time call information
get up to the minute information on who’s calling! real time call information is stored for three days and provides the name and phone numbers of all callers even if the line is busy, unanswered, or the call is blocked. this makes it possible to follow up on all your calls, even the missed calls.








manage your account
it’s easy to keep track of your kall8 usage online with our account management tools. with this feature, you can update your credit card and view invoice amounts, corresponding payments, and statements all on the same page. a great tool for budgeting! 







toll free number logins
with a toll free number login, users get easy online access to their specific toll free number. this type of login allows the user to see all aspects of that particular number except for any billing or account management information. this capability is especially beneficial for corporate accounts with multiple users or resellers who wish to give their customers access to their specific information.






ring-to number logins
ring-to number logins give each user the ability to track their calls without being able to see the calls of the other users. this works best in coordination with custom call forwarding. ring-to number logins are based on the ring-to number rather than on the kall8 number itself. the users will be able to see the call history and call analytics for calls that ring to their number only.






monitor voice mail and recorded calls
there’s an easier way to check your calls! activating voice mail/faxing allows you to listen to your voice mail messages and view your faxes online. with call recording, you can listen to your recorded calls online and search for a specific recorded call by date, recording length, or calls from/to a specific number.

















instantly activate your own toll free number
with kall8, you can instantly activate and forward your 800 numbers, view calls, and analyze the results of your ad campaigns online.



get a number now!













800 number advantage












what are 800 numbers?





an 800 number is a toll-free number that allows individuals to contact a business without incurring charges (even if they are making a long-distance call). all 800 numbers start with a three-digit code - usually 800, 888, 877, 866, 855, 844 or 833 - and can be customized based on a company’s specific needs. 
memorable toll free numbers with repeating digits or vanity numbers (like 1-800-flowers) can also add a touch of personality and provide consumers with an extra layer of convenience when reaching out to a customer service or sales representative.












what do 1-800 numbers cost?



the cost of an 800 number can vary depending on the type of number you choose. for example, our standard toll-free numbers start at just $5.00 a month, while highly competitive premium number prices vary. 
if you’re trying to locate the perfect toll-free 800 number for your organization, use our handy search tool to discover what’s currently available. 












are 800 numbers international?





yes, we offer international service for our toll-free 800 numbers.  they can be reached from anywhere in the world. 
that said, callers and businesses may be charged international rates for calls that originate outside the u.s. or your business’ home country.










how do 800 numbers work?





when you sign up with kall8, your chosen 800 number will be ready shortly after submitting your order.  using our secure online management system, you can update your business’ ring-to number, view your call detail reports, set up/add special features, update your payment information and much more. 
once you're all set up, the 800 number will work much like any other business phone line by routing incoming callers to any destination you choose, whether it’s your cell phone, office, customer service or sales teams.










are 800 numbers free?





800 numbers are typically free for the person making the call, though users without an unlimited mobile plan may have to pay for their cellphone minutes.
at kall8 we make it easy and affordable to get an 800 number that will help your business stand out. with thousands of numbers to choose from and low pricing options available, we’re confident you can find the perfect toll-free number to suit your unique needs.
our 800 numbers fall into four different categories: standard, repeater, vanity and premium. to learn more, visit our online search tool for details.










how to get an 800 number 





our online search tool makes it easy to secure your 800 number with filters and options to help you quickly sort through thousands of available numbers for the perfect fit. 
once you’ve selected an 800 number for your business, you can simply add it to your cart and sign up through our website. if you need help locating a specific 800 number, our support staff is happy to assist you at 1-866-222-1818.










how to lookup an 800 number 





kall8’s search tool makes it easy to find the perfect 800 number for your business, whether you’re looking for a catchy vanity number or something a bit more basic. 
start by entering letters or numbers into the search box, then adjust the filter options to narrow down your choices. you can also enter partial words or numbers to see which available options match your selected criteria.
once you’ve found a memorable 800 number, click on the associated link to add it to your shopping cart and simply proceed to check out. keep in mind, you can choose either a plain 800 number or a unique word/number combination.










why do i want an 800 number? 





800 numbers can help companies establish their brand, supercharge their marketing campaigns, track campaign effectiveness and stand out from the competition.
additionally, 800 numbers can provide a variety of supplemental benefits that can help organizations increase their sales revenue, grow their customer bases and personalize their brands in new and exciting ways. 





















kall8 is so convenient for my customers!



i just wanted to let you know your service has worked out incredibly well for me. it has been so convenient for me to change the location phone number so easily. pricing is very competitive, and the automatic billing to my card each month has gone off without a hitch.

- jennifer allison
ncs solutions - www.ncssolutions.org












i use kall8 for all our lines!



i have been with kall8 since 2006. my ld carrier made me feel like it was an act of congress to get an 800 to change its ring destination. now i use kall8 for all of our lines with full control. i became aware just in time as our business was building.

- david moakler
www.careconnectusa.org












kall8 is the bomb!



this toll free service is so cool, professional, and dirt cheap that jen thomas corporation became an agent so that our clients can expand their business and organizations to reach the nation — toll free.

- jennifer j. thomas
jen thomas corporation
















numbers
0





customers
0





messages
0





shares
0














your own toll free number
waste no more time


sign up now!













×close
change where your number rings


update your toll free location in real-time utilizing our on-line account management tool - any time, anywhere. all you need is a connection to the internet, and you instantly have access your account.


close









×close
generate call detail reports


view the history of all calls to your toll free number. all calls to your toll free number are date and time stamped for easy sorting and review. export these records to generate leads or maintain a database of your customers.


close









×close
real time call information


get up to the minute information on who’s calling! real time call information is stored for three days and provides the name and phone numbers of all callers, even if the line is busy, unanswered, or the call is blocked.


close









×close
manage your account



update your credit card online.
view your payment history online. you can see all your invoice amounts and corresponding payments on the same page.
view your statements online and more!



close









×close
toll free number logins


set up a toll free number login that will allow the user to have online access only to their specific toll free number. this type of login gives the user access to all aspects of that particular number except the ability to view any billing or account management information.
this is especially useful for corporate accounts with multiple users or resellers who wish to give their customers access only to their specific information.


close









×close
ring-to number logins


set up multiple users on a single toll free number using custom call forwarding, then, using ring-to number logins, give each user the ability to track their calls without being able to see the calls of the other users.
ring-to number logins are based on the ring-to number rather than on the kall8 number itself. the users will be able to see the call history and call analytics for calls that ring to their number only.


close









×close
monitor voice mail and recorded calls


listen to voice mail
activate voice mail/faxing and listen to your voice mail messages and view your faxes online.
listen to recorded calls
activate call recording and listen to your recorded calls online. you can also search for a specific recorded call by date, recording length, or calls from/to a specific number.


close


















kall8 is the only fully integrated toll free service that offers traditional 800 service with a complete set of online tools to manage and track your toll free numbers in real time. with kall8, you can instantly activate and forward your 800 numbers, view calls, and analyze the results of your ad campaigns online.



faq
privacy
terms
site map








contact us

just drop us a line and ask for anything you think we could be helpful with. we are looking forward to hearing from you!

thank you for contacting us!  we appreciate your comments and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
                                            

oops! something went wrong. either fix your form errors or please refresh the page and try again.
                                            



company name





first name



last name





email



phone number




please choose from the following

i am new to kall8
i am an existing kall8 customer



let us know you're looking for














 
type the code from the image


submit







find us

you can find us easily on facebook, twitter and linkedin. our main office address, phone and email are located below. please feel free to contact us by any means possible if you have questions.








  



200 west mercer st, suite e202, seattle, wa 98119
1-866-222-1818
+1 206 479 2600
info@kall8.com















copyright © 2025 kall8. all rights reserved.
kall8 is a dial800 telecom llc company



































>

        


























