


molecularsoft - home























home
products
download
order
partnership
f.a.q
online help
support
about us




product overview
showcase
clickable periodic table
chemical calculator
stoichiometry
structures and bonds wizards
equation wizard
acids and bases
gas laws
solutions chemistry
thermochemistry


f.a.q
ask question


support info
service
resources




 





molecularsoft home

we have just launched a softchemistry partnership program.  as a member of the partnership club, you will receive up to 50% sales value when the sales of softchemistry is referred through you.  let’s study together and grow together! click here to see more detials and join now! 


the best chemical calculator – software of general chemistry for drawing lewis structure, balancing any equations, stoichiometric, gas law solution, thermochemistry and acid/bases concentration calculations.
answer homework questions and explain why and how. free tutors help your chemistry homeworks!

softchemistry was invented by the famous general chemistry professor dr. yu, dr. wayne and dr. jason with their experienced software

developers team since 1996. through past 15 years continues improvement, softchemistry has gained the reputation as the most trusted chemistry education software in usa. 
with the instant help anywhere, anytime, more and more high school and university students utilize softchemistry as their secret tools to achieve outstanding chemistry excellence. 
molecularsoft announces the latest release of chemistry homework wizard - softchemistry 4.20, a professionally developed scientific software. with intelligent problem-solving chemwizardtm engines, never before, softchemistry solve your chemistry problems instantly with answers and step-by-step solutions provided at real time.
for extended features and help, browse through the online help. this software suite is designed as a homework/exam helper for high school and first-year college chemistry students. educators can use it to provide classroom learning tools and create unlimited test questions/solutions. 
it is a comprehensive problem solving suite tailoring just for general chemistry. it provides flexible problem solving tools, extensive details on how-to, basic concept review and ample of easy-access chemical information. it is easy-of-use with common sense approach and adapts the convention of current general chemistry textbooks.

what's new in version 4.20:

 the new title – thermochemistry and thermodynamics has been added with 5 modules, in which the hess's law module will help you to solve the problems hard to be answered without software helps
                   acids and bases has been added with 10 modules in it.
                  this version has added enhancements on equations and lewis structures modules with print capability each step, a  selected equation list and handling of multi-center molecules.
                  multiple users on the same computer and site license are also supported.
                  the window size is changed to 800x600 from 640x480. it is more easier to project on screen for lecture
                  additional multi-center molecules are supported in lewis structures.
                  3d structures for multi-center molecules are now displayed.
                  electronic properties and molecular orbitals are shown for multi-center molecules.
                  step-wise printing for both equations and lewis structures modules is now available.


need help in chemistry homework? want solutions on test questions? the only one of this kind, softchemistry 4.20 is a chemistry problem-solving suite designed to give you the warp speed solutions for your assignments in real time. thousands and thousands of students have used this tool to sharpen their problem-solving skills and have achieved higher grades. would you like to finish a day worth of homework in just five minutes? stop wasting your valuable time and search hopelessly on the web for free solutions of your problems. there is none out there! get softchemistry and stay ahead! 








product overview




 atomic structure and periodicity
 basics of chemistry calculation
 stoichiometry
 chemical bond and molecular structure
 balance chemical equations
 acids and bases
 gas-phase chemistry
 chemistry of solution
 thermochemistry and thermodynamics



















copyright © 1996-2024 molecularsoft technology,  all rights reserved
privacy note - refund policy - online help










10 7 8 9 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 



