









brainerd mn parks & recreation - outdoor playgrounds - basketball hoops













































  


skip to content



  
hot deals
business directory
contact resorts
webcam
blog
 













 









menu - selectresorts & lodgesall resortspet friendlyby lakefour seasonmeal planarea resorts maphot dealsevents calendarwhere to stayresorts & lodgesrv parkshotelscabin rentalsextended staycampgroundsb & breunion lodgingwater parkswhere to eatfine diningdeliverypizzacasual diningbars & brewscoffeefast foodparties & cateringholiday diningthings to dogolfkids & familyshoppingrecreationbikingrent summer equipmentattractionsfishingrent winter equipmentplanning toolsconferencesevents calendarinformation requestweddingsmapstransportationreal estatespecial holidayslocal area info 



search




search


















































brainerd mn parks & recreation











 
resorts & lodgesgolfbikingbike trail mapsfishingboatinghuntingatv trailsbeachescampinghiking trailshockeynorthland arboretumparksboat, jet ski & summer rentalssnowmobile, ski & winter rentalsriding stables





the brainerd lakes area parks are the best parks for fishing, hiking, hanging out with the family, and basically everything! many of the brainerd parks offer features such as event spaces and pavilions for weddings or family reunions, as well as rv camping if you have a weekend event. fishing docks are available at most of the public parks, and boat launching can also be found at the park. visit lum park in ne brainerd to play frisbee golf, or visit the kiwanis park in south brainerd and walk the trails alongside the mississippi river. the brainerd community gardens and buster's dog park are also found in kiwanis park.












buffalo hills/lions park 



buffalo hills/lions park is 20 acres includes: 200' youth softball field, concession stand, skating...
 







o’brien park 



o'brien park is 4 acres includes: picnic tables, playground equipment
 







memorial park 



memorial park is 28 acres includes: three 290' softball fields, 200' bronco field, regulation baseba...
 







hitch wayne park 



includes: sliding hill
 







buster dog park 



buster park is a fenced-in dog park that has been installed at the south end of kiwanis park. this d...
 







mississippi landing 



includes: boat landing
 







jaycees park 



jaycees park is 35 acres: includes: 200' bronco field, 250' pony field, concession stand, rest rooms...
 







kiwanis park 



kiwanis park is 4 acres includes: two picnic shelters, picnic tables and grills, two fishing piers,...
 







gregory park 



gregory park is 8.5 acres includes: 5 lighted tennis courts, basketball court, 2 playground equipmen...
 







mill avenue park 



mill avenue park is 12 acres includes: 290' softball field, 200' youth softball field, skating rink,...
 







lum park 



lum park is 55 acres: includes: swimming beach, boat landing, fishing pier, disc golf, 18 site rv ca...
 







bane park 



bane park is 9 acres includes: 200' bronco field, 250' pony field, concession stand, skating rink, l...
 







triangle park 



triangle park is a small (.5 acre) park located in the north neighborhood of brainerd, mn. it is in...
 


















 














lodging info







resorts & lodgeshotels & motelshot dealsplaces to stayplan your trip








activities







things to docalendar of eventsgolfdininglocal info








information







request a brochurebusiness directoryprivacy & terms of usecontact brainerd.comhome































©2024 brainerd.com | website design by midwest captions, inc.









 
scroll to top




























