





national association of crime victims compensation boards – supports state compensation programs in providing financial aid to victims.
































skip to content







 












 


search for:








homestate program informationgeneral informationvictim compensationfaqmember resourcesabout






search for:











 









homenacusr4652023-08-11t11:50:40-04:00 
 
 loading...







nacvcb 



supports state compensation programs in providing financial aid to victims. 













crime victim compensation programs in states across the country help victims of violence every day. 











help is within reach 









we share a vision of working together so that every victim compensation program is fully funded, optimally staffed, and functioning effectively to help victims cope with the costs of crime.
find help in your state
victims and their families should apply for compensation in the state where the crime occurred. the program directory provides links to each state compensation program, where you can find specific information about benefits, requirements, and procedures.
read morefrequently asked questions
1. how do i apply for crime victim compensation?
2. where can i get more information about compensation?
3. what benefits are available?
click here for: crime victim compensation in america: a special report
read moremember resources
members who work in compensation programs can access a variety of resources in our members-only section, including news and events, survey results, reports, and issue analysis.
click to enter passwordtestimonials

nacvcb helped me to find the resources and help that i needed. thank you! jane s.

this is a great help for families who have lost a loved one to crime – thank you so much for this help.

i spoke with staff several times throughout the process, and they were wonderful! very knowledgeable, very empathetic, and so professional… thank you, you made a tough experience less stressful!




 
 





national association of crime victim compensation boardsp.o. box 16003
alexandria, va 22302
703-780-3200 







 
 
 





copyright 2022 nacvcb| web development by wicked design 

 
 
 
 


 
 











go to top



