 


timeout trailers since 1974 and freds trailers since 1982 selling trailers for big bikes small cars, trucks. manufacture of time out camper, time out deluxe, easy camp, slipstream and cycyle mate trailers





 





















time out trailers
big bike  &  small cars















phone or text 845-339-3390

email:  fred@1flb.com



 
been in business since 1982 here to answer all questions on any time out trailer... i sell no other trailers... i don't pressure you and want to make your purchase a memorable one...

 see 3rd button down special on right. breakdown of both trailers
1 new 2022 camper left over in stock. black with grey stripe... 2025 cost is $4995.00... save $500.00 off camper $4495.00 plus no charge for shipping $350.00 and free crate fee of $125.00... total savings $975.00 ... pick up at business only... if purchasing a 2025... a 2025 same trailer is $4995.00 plus $350.00 shipping and $125.00 crate fee shipped to me or you $5470.00... i give discounts on all trailers i sell..
dart white cargo trailer 2012... new 2025 cost $2495... trailer comes with certificate of origin and bill of sale... never off business site. never used... pick up only at business $1700.00 cash or bank check... same as new, same warrantee... saving $795 trailer, $350.00 shipping, $125.00 crate fee    total savings $1270.00if you were buying 2025..

.              campers & cargo trailers


time out campers are now easier to set-up or get at cargo area... 
view cane {lid assist} demo...  https://youtu.be/yuahqiacjjk.
east coast... i usuallyhave trailers in stock. i will set one up for you, go over everything, give you the paperwork to take home same day. come with a 1-7/8 ball with center of ball 13" from ground. or i have ramps to load on pick-up truck or on trailer. will need 4 ratchet straps to secure. by appointment only...

to see camper set-up video...

this u tube link below will get you to 3 minute set up of time out camper from freds trailers...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=z7lmxz9whn4
 

special's ... 3rd button down... price list and options... 

 

 i am time out trailer's northeast only stocking dealer. other ny dealer has been in florida for over 10 years and visits here maybe 2 weeks...








time out camper above has 16 cubic feet of cargo with 8" wheels...
deluxe has 23 cubic feet of cargo with 12" wheels...

in stock:

 
new camping trailers in stock. 
1 white dart 16 cu ft.
make appointment now to see one set up for you...

i want your purchase to be informative, enjoyable and memorable and will tell you if an option is a good value or maybe not needed at all, because we want you to be happy with the trailer for many years to come... 
will set up camper at my business answer all your questions and go over all options...will answering all your questions on any trailer you may have both before an after a  purchase...i am the only one who will take your calls over phone and take orders... i strive for 100% satisfaction
overseas sales, we help you every step to your entry port... any trailer sold outside of usa will need a broker on your end for entry to your country for collection of taxes and any needed paperwork.  sold trailers to canada, australia, norway and sweden... i am time out trailers #1 drop shipping of trailers... will drop ship anywhere, except china...       

i know that most folks are unable to see trailers up close and personal... that is why  i will spend all the time that is needed to answer your questions both before and after the sale...want to make you a happy camper or a cargo carry person, knowing it will go where its towed to...have trailers for the big bike and small cars... can also be used for jeeps, hot rods and atv...
we are not the best because we are the oldest... we're the oldest because we are the best... going above and beyond to help customers...
 
all trailers and most parts on this site are usa made...     

note's for menu buttons right side:
each trailer will have full information about it including size, colors and dimensions.
all prices of trailers & all options will be on price button page only. 3rd button down.
specials will be on top of price page.
motorcycle riding tips, camping tips, buyer beware info and what to expect when trailer comes or any package for that matter with what to do if damaged.


click on "price list & options" 3rd button down on right. specials on that page...

will set up campers and go over any questions you may have... by appointment...
thank you and see you on the next page...                  fred burger...
 


 
much of my business is drop shipping trailers.. our shipping fees are cheaper than most... the more trailers i ship the better rate companies give... 
please visit www.cyclematetrailers.com for many photos of all trailers on each of the trailer pages... this site goes much more in depth and is very informative...
time out campers great features...

totally off the ground camping...
separate sleeping, dinning and separate storage area...
hard top when folded up...
lowest profile off all other trailers...
time out camper "the big one" weighs 350 lbs.
deluxe model weighs 380 lbs. 
easy camp 325 lbs
all have 20 lb tongue weight.
easy 3 to 4 minute set-up. cut time in half with two helping...
no other manufactures has all these features in one trailer...
warranty is 1 year on parts and 5 years on torsion suspension.

time out trailer started time out campers in 1974... longer than anyone. will be here for many years to come. a family-owned business... made in the usa...
fred burger trailers since 1982 is the first and oldest dealer... {both age and as a dealer...} for this both time out trailers and fred burger "trailers" thank you...
warning: there is a company making knock off trailers of many different trailer companies that have been in business for many years. the company with usa in their name is all made in china and knockoffs of usa trailers... you will get no solace from me if you have problems with theirs... most times a much cheaper price is not always the best deal...
   


fred's trailers llc          by appointment only at my business... i stock campers only
30 highland road            we accept: discover, visa, master card, amex (last option) pay-pal transfer
ulster park, ny 12487          .funds, each add 4% cc fee..  .cash,  no money orders or travelers checks.....
845-339-3390 business                 personal and bank checks must clear first...
call or text.       fred@1flb.com         retail price is listed 3rd button down on right in menu.
e-mail; fred@fredstrailers.com           need a brokerage company for any trailer shipped outside the usa.
by appointment only.      we ship anywhere. {usa, canada, australia, sweden and norway}. not china.                                             44years in business, since 1982...        pay-pal has easy pay. 4 equal payments...             
last updated 04-18-2024















home










time out deluxe










price list & options










time out camper










time out easy camp










time out camper video










screen room










dart cargo trailer










xl-sport cargo trailer










xl-hd cargo trailer










dart cl_19 cargo trailer










ion cargo trailer










cooler rack combination










wiring diagram










t-lock handle










miracle cloth










purchaser important info























