










home - albany area chamber of commerce - or























































 
 



















skip to content






























 
about the chamber about us officers, board of directors, staff committees newsletter powerbook contact usbusiness advocacy governmental affairs good government council governments city of albany city of millersburg city of tangent linn county benton county state of oregon federal government state & federal officials paid leave oregon information business survival tipsbusiness directory full directory restaurants/caterers hotels non-profit organizationsjoin the chamber member benefits membership tiers membership applicationholiday guidemember job postingsprograms and eventsunique serviceslogincalendar chamber calendar community calendar submit event to the community calendarabout albany community profile work here learn here live here retire here weather








facebook





instagram





twitter





linked in











 







 








welcome to the






albany area






chamber of commerce






albany, oregon






your business and community advocate
catalysts for growth, building connections / convening leaders, championing community







join today!














core benefits 

creating a strong local economy
networking opportunities
political advocacy
promoting the community
representing the interests of business with government

 








this month's member spotlight






 
the next member spotlight will be chosen at the upcoming forum.
 







diamond member
















                                ati                            






next
previous






platinum & gold members
















                                aa towing                            














                                aasum-dufour funeral home                            














                                albany democrat mid-valley media group                            














                                central willamette credit union                            














                                citizens bank                            














                                national frozen foods                            














                                samaritan health services                            














                                blue sun employment services                            














                                city of albany                            














                                coastal                            














                                consumers power                            














                                country financial                             














                                consolidated precision products                            














                                koontz, blasquez & associates                            














                                kittyhawk                            














                                mennonite village                            














                                mikes heating and air                            














                                nw natural horizontal                            














                                oregon freeze dry                            














                                oregon state credit union                            














                                pacific power                            














                                singerlewak                            














                                republic services inc.                            














                                target                            














                                the corvallis clinic north albany and wavery drive                            














                                willamette valley bank                            














                                spirit mountain                             














                                albany toyota                            













                                bbsi                            





next
previous




















upcoming events














view calendar















get involved


get involved! 
if you would like to be involved in helping to promote the growth and prosperity of the albany area, the albany area chamber of commerce is a great place to be involved. the chamber has various committees and task forces to represent the major areas of interest of our business community.  committee involvement creates leadership and networking opportunities.
learn more 










 












© 2025 albany area chamber of commerce – or
 | 
site by growthzone












join the chamber  |  login  |  contact us
 
find us on social media!
facebook - instagram - twitter - linkedin










contact us 
tel: (541) 926-1517
435 1st ave w
albany, or 97321

info@albanychamber.com
 


















© 2025 albany area chamber of commerce - or.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone








 



















