
conservativetruth.org - the antidote to the liberal news media 


"you shall know the truth, and the truth will set you free"
publisher / editor:paul hayden


 show menu



 hide menu


home
archives
subscribe
about us
contact us
links
submissions

 



						our founding documents
					



declaration ofindependence




constitution




bill of rights




amendments




federalist papers



 





 


 









conservative truthtweetthe false assumption that nothing will changepaul hayden somehow, in our human history, we have developed something of a notion in life that things won't change. so many times, when changes happen, we are caught off guard, even surprised, as if things were always going to stay the same. maybe it's wishful thinking, or hope that change will not happen. or just holding onto a good feeling. or fear of what future change might bring. but change is inevitable.   read more... special commentarytweetchristians are awol in the current crisiscliff kincaidin his book, stockholm syndrome christianity, dr. john west wonders if american culture is collapsing because "many leading christians identify more with secular elites than with their fellow believers." he calls this "stockholm syndrome," where hostages come to accept their captivity and even accept the authority of their kidnappers. he says christian leaders are siding with their anti-christian cultural captors "on everything from biblical authority and science, to sex, race, and religious liberty."   read more...you wanted change? we got it!dave simpsoncall it a sea change, a new sheriff in town, or “a come-to-jesus moment,” but donald trump is making good on promises, and bringing common sense back into fashion.   read more...are you tired of losing under trump?cliff kincaidyou are being fooled by the maga media, including fox news, into thinking that trump is on a winning streak. the opposite is the case. major miscalculations are being made by trump’s team, leading to serious problems ahead that threaten the entire maga agenda. unless trump reverses course, maga will become a nightmare and the golden age will lie in ruins.   read more...the democratic party is in turmoil, and has lost its waybob pascarellawhatever your political affiliation, we should take no pleasure in the state of the democratic party. politics in america is composed of a (mainly) two-party system, with checks and balances. until democrats put aside their radical agenda, and indifference to the will of the people, that balance does not exist.   read more...castor oil for the governmentphil perkinsthere should be a corollary to murphy’s law that goes something like this: “the longer a problem festers, the longer it will take to fix it.” trump and musk’s actions now may seem drastic, since we’re so unaccustomed to seeing this type of activity in our lives. but in reality, this is only the beginning of what promises to be a long, arduous slog.   read more...how to stop getting naileded delphyears ago, my friend and financial counselor jim tewalt and i discussed our respective careers. jim explained how many people, who felt their problems and challenges were insurmountable, were just a step away from a breakthrough in their problems. i have the same type of challenges as jim does in his ministry. so often, pastors, leaders, parents, and cities are just a step or two away from getting where they always wanted to be. but taking that next step can be a challenge. jim reckoned, “i think the next step is to get people who need to take the next step to take the next step.” i thought to myself, “wow! what jim said is an article.”   read more...trump makes ‘you’re fired,’ great againjeff crouerefor 11 years, donald trump starred in the hit nbc shows, the apprentice and celebrity apprentice. trump popularized the catchphrase “you’re fired” as he dismissed contestants throughout each season until a winner was selected in the final episode. trump’s role in that show ended in 2015 when nbc fired him for speaking the truth about illegal immigration. ten years later, president donald trump is reviving his famous slogan and telling unneeded bureaucrats and political enemies, “you’re fired.”   read more...finally, it's the irs that gets auditednow the shoe is on the other foot.bob mccray the left is going to do everything it can to stop president trump’s (doge) department of government efficiency from digging into their corrupt money laundering, kickbacks, and slush fund operations. these are the sacred cows of the democrat party. this is a big chunk of the endless money supply of the democrats. elon musk has made it clear, “how on earth are we supposed to stop fraud and waste of taxpayer money without looking at how money is spent.”   read more...the tulsi gabbard cover-up is unravelingcliff kincaiddid anybody in the trump transition or trump administration bother to read the tulsi gabbard book on her extreme makeover from socialist democrat to maga republican?   read more...the mission and goals for conservative truthpaul haydentruth is the basis of reality – truth is reality. - paul haydeni have some big thoughts and dreams for conservative truth. i believe it is good to have big dreams or grandiose aspirations. as long as they are grounded in reality, and not harmful to others – let us dream big! let me share some thoughts of mine for conservative truth, and you can share in them however you wish. please let me know what you think! get in touch with me, through the comments or contact me directly, and let me know what you think!truth can stand up to any questioning, any testing, and all challenges that might be brought to it. truth stands on its own in an atmosphere of honesty. truth is the raw existence of that which is real. join us on facebook…search for conservative truth group - 318233080541118!  read more... 





thank you!
your comment has been submitted for review.
close










home
current issue
about us
submissions
subscribe
contact
links
archive
login



			please send any comments, web site suggestions, or problem reports to webmaster@conservativetruth.org








