      
	cedarville university home
                                            join our $175m campaign »    









apply
visit
give








                    menu
                






search




search site










campus links






















a-z
directory


all offices and departments
contact cedarville


x






why cedarville

toggle for why cedarville



history of cedarville
what we believe
virtual campus tour
accreditation
outcomes
campus profile




academics

toggle for academics



undergraduate programs
graduate programs
online programs
dual enrollment/ccp
continuing education
academic support and assistance
schools and departments
career and graduate placement




admissions and aid

toggle for admissions and aid



undergraduate admissions
undergraduate costs and aid
undergraduate accepted students
graduate admissions
graduate requirements
graduate costs and aid
dual enrollment/ccp admissions
dual enrollment requirements
dual enrollment costs




chapel

toggle for chapel



livestream
on-demand archive
schedule
president's series




student life

toggle for student life



chapel
student experience
residential life
graduate student life




ministries

toggle for ministries



global outreach
music ministries
on-campus ministries









apply





visit





request info





give





athletics





calendar





in the news





alumni





parents





campus store















bolder. wiser. closer to christ.

your days as a cedarville university undergraduate, graduate, or dual-enrolled student will be life-transforming! accept the challenge of living boldly and learning purposefully. every day matters!

apply
visit









exceptional academics with a distinctly biblical worldviewfind your degree or programsearch programs
go




more preparedat cedarville university, you don’t have to sacrifice academic quality to receive a truly christian education. you can have both! we will equip you as an outstanding professional who will use your in-demand skills and high christian character to make
    a difference for jesus christ. when you graduate, you’ll be ready to go boldly wherever god leads.what we believestudent life




undergraduatewhatever your unique gifts, choose from 150+ in-demand programs that equip you to serve and lead.
explore undergraduate

graduate
advance your career for christ in our 30+ healthcare, ministry, and business graduate programs.
explore graduate


onlineplug into the cedarville experience with  online programs that are flexible, affordable, and in-demand.
explore online

dual enrollment
get a head start on college! discover academically rigorous, biblically faithful dual credit courses.
explore dual enrollment












how will you spend your 1000 days?
growing in your walk with christ as you are encouraged to know him in deeper ways through chapel and bible classes? pursuing your vocational goals as you are equipped through challenging academics? building relationships through late-night talks in the
residence halls or friendly competition on the intramural fields? as an undergraduate student at cedarville, you can do it all, while having the time of your life and being prepared to impact the world for christ.

visit
admissions






every day matterspsalm 90:12we’ll help you make the most of every one of your 1000 days and  prepare you to live each day that follows boldly, intentionally, on mission for jesus christ.bible minorchapel



from our students:




my time at cedarville has encouraged me to grow in an environment where professors truly care for my well-being academically, spiritually, and personally.

						joseph haire ’21
					





at cedarville i am able to pursue excellence in my academics while being challenged to pursue christ and use the abilities he’s given me to glorify him.

						amy plank ’22
					







job and grad school placement





request info


















1000 days
more grateful,stronger,more humble,closer to christ,deeper,bolder






your transforming cedarville journey begins with a single day

at cedarville, you’ll grow in your walk with christ and pursue your academic goals while making lifelong friends and lasting memories. by day 1,000, you’ll walk across the stage and collect your diploma. you will be prepared to step confidently
    into a job or grad school, fully equipped to make the most of the days to come.
visit
admissions & aid

49 states
57 countries
home to
6,384students
more than
1,000
new students each year



1000 daysundergraduate students spend 1000 days of life transformation on cedarville university's campus. we help them make the most of every day.















news






cedarville claims speech and debate title

it was a sweet victory for cedarville university’s forensics team at the 2025 ohio forensics association state championship. in claiming the state championship, cedarville’s team took the top spot in the categories of both speech and debate.


view campus news
media experts guide






hibbard even par; yellow jackets place fifth at emmanuel

hartwell, ga. - aiden hibbard's even par golf led cedarville to a fifth place finish in the emmanuel memorial at the cateechee golf club.


view yellow jacket sports

upcoming events




feb
 21



theatre production - radium girls

theatre production - radium girls by d.w. gregory




feb
 22



theatre production - radium girls

theatre production - radium girls by d.w. gregory




feb
 25



senior studio art exhibition - opening reception

senior studio art exhibition - opening reception




mar
 14



cu friday - march 14, 2025

cu friday




view calendar
academic calendar
cedarville universitywelcome to cedarville university, an exceptional christian university in southwest ohio. as
    one of the top christian colleges in the midwest, cedarville university attracts 6,384 undergraduate, online, graduate, and dual-enrolled high school students to more than 175 areas of study. founded in 1887 for the word of god and the testimony
    of jesus christ, cedarville is recognized nationally as a baptist college with caring, authentic community; rigorous and christ-centered academic programs; strong graduation and retention rates; intentional focus on the gospel;
    accredited professional and health science majors; and leading student engagement ratings. cedarville university
    has been honored as one of the top-ranked christian universities granting bachelor’s degrees and a "best college" for studying the bible. cedarville university academic teams regularly win or rank in the top tier of national and international
    competitions. the wall street journal has recognized cedarville as one of the nation's top three evangelical universities. schedule a visit at one of today’s top christian colleges in ohio and the greater midwest online or by calling 1-800-cedarville (233-2784).

 







                  so teach us to number our days that we may get a heart of wisdom.
                  psalm 90:12



contact us
contact us


251 n. main st.
cedarville, oh 45314 usa

1-800-cedarville
1-937-766-7700



connect on facebook


connect on youtube


connect on x


connect on instagram


connect on tiktok




quick links
quick links

admissions
academics
apply
athletics
visit
request info








directory
jobs
comments or questions




consumer information
copyright infringement notification
nondiscrimination statement
privacy statement
web disclaimer



© copyright 2025



 
    
   
