



austin pond society - home





menu
log in




home




events




pond tour-'25




resources




sponsors




about us




shop




join us

























remember me


forgot password












welcome to theaustin pond society


log in



 




home




events




pond tour-'25




resources




sponsors




about us




shop




join us








who we are
our organization is composed of people from all walks of life and all ages who are interested in backyard ponds and related items: fountains, waterfalls, koi, goldfish, plants and all of the things that it takes to create a little bit of paradise in your own backyard.  this organization of water gardening enthusiasts meets at the zilker botanical garden clubhouse in austin at 6:30 on the third monday of each month, every month except december. we normally have a light snack and drinks available.  we also have speakers, special member events, volunteer opportunities and parties throughout the year.  feel free to come to our meetings; we'd love to meet you and help answer any water gardening, ponding or fish questions you may have!
 





   upcoming events / meetings/updates
❤️ february members meeting ❤️      monday, february 17th @ 6:30 p.m.– 8:30 p.m.
zilker botanical gardens (2220 barton springs road)
              "going batty" - with craig hensley, texas nature trackersan introduction to the bats of texas!  with 33 species and millions of bats across the texas landscape, should you be afraid of them getting stuck in your hair? are they all rabid? are they just flying mice? get the real answers to all these questions and more!snacks, water & soft drinks available.salad, & desserts to pass are graciously accepted!
 
 


                            








                                                             



 















javascript is not supported
javascript required. your web browser either does not support javascript, or it is switched off.  some features may not work properly.
















2 photo(s)
updated on: thu, may 02, 2024

























please wait...























please wait...


















 
buy ticket buy shirts
 
information
we are once again having our monthly members meetings at zilker botanical gardens.  please come and join us every third monday of the month except december.  see our calendar page for meetings and events.
feel free to post and share your pond photos & videos on our new group facebook page or join the ponding, plant and fish conversations & discussions.

join usthe cost of membership is $30 for an individual/family. to be a 
sponsor, pay $200 before the end of february or $225 march 1st and later in
 the year. learn more
 



 

the austin pond society, established in 1991, is a nonprofit organization made up of more than 100 members dedicated to increasing awareness of water gardening and distributing information on pond construction, maintenance, water lilies, lotus, bog plants, goldfish and koi keeping.

in the past, proceeds from the annual pond and garden tour have benefited organizations such as:
austin police operation blue santa
austin independent school district
bastrop state park
dell children’s medical center
down home ranch
klru, central texas gardener
safe place
wright house
zilker botanical gardens








austin pond society is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. 2220 barton springs rd, austin, tx 78746
 







powered by wild apricot membership software






