ï»¿












radio dramas and movie reviews from non-profit shoestring radio theatre corporation






































home
about us
radio dramas
movie magazine
contact
search


















shoestring radio theatre corp.
we are a non-profit radio production company. our long-running, internationally-syndicated program "shoestring radio theatre" offers original radio dramas in all genres. from 1991 to 2022, we also produced "movie magazine international" which featured movie reviews, interviews and more.

current episodes
reviews
















current episodes















february 12
terminal and jacques of the night







					
					 terminal - frieda, a middle-aged woman, travels with her elder father, oliver, on an amtrak train. by the time they reach the terminal, frieda and oliver have reached a common understanding about what is troubling her and she leaves the train feeling a modicum more at peace. written by anne welsbacher, directed by paul dougherty.
					 
					 

					 
					 jacques of the night - alice, living in an apartment in ny, is surprised by someone trying to commit a burglary in her apartment.  who will be surprised more, alice or jacques, the self-described cat burgler? written by hugh mackay, directed by paul dougherty/..
					
					



 view schedule













february 12
classic reviews & interviews



				
-                   


 
			  
              this episode is from january 13, 1995. we have an interview with ron shelton - director of "cobb". interview by brendan peterson. here is a list of the films and reports and where you can currently watch the films.  "higher learning" (1995 - hulu), the films of alan rudolph, "nobody's fool" (kanopy), "the beans of egypt, maine" (dvd), "legends of the fall" (netflix), "death and the maiden" (prime video), a woody strode tribute, "houseguest" (1995 - hoopla), "endless descent" (1990 - fubo - as "the rift") 
			  
			  



 view schedule












monica sullivan tribute

monica was a true visionary who founded the company over 35 years ago and kept it going all these years. she cannot be replaced, but we will carry on in tribute to her. below are some samples of monica's work as an actor, which was only part of what this writer/producer/mentor and actress accomplished in her too brief life.







more tributes













radio broadcasts










international radio broadcast
public radio satellite network


				   "shoestring radio theatre" airs on different days and at different times across the country on more than 111 stations in 34 states plus montreal, canada. additionally, the show airs in the uk on bradley stoke radio (look for "drama hour" on their schedule). we do not publish the full station line-ups for the programs. however, if you would like to find out whether shoestring radio theatre airs in your market, please contact us and provide the city and state of your closest radio market.

			  








local radio
kxsf - 102.5 fm (san francisco)


				   "classic movie magazine international" and "shoestring radio theatre" air on saturday mornings from 10:00-11:00 a.m. (pacific time) on kxsf - 102.5 fm (radio and internet simulcast).

			  














contact us
we welcome your feedback. please email or write to us with comments, questions, or suggestions.








steve rubenstein, producer
shoestring radio theatre
p.o. box 590163
san francisco, ca 94159-0163














about us
shoestring radio theatre is a san francico-based non-profit, tax-exempt corporation.
  monica sullivan - founding producer
  steve rubenstein - producer






links



home
about us
radio dramas
movie reviews & interviews
search


 visit our facebook page






website credits
  website developed by randy parker
  logos by vicki olds @ studio reflex

© 





copyright © all rights reserved | this template is made with  by colorlib




















