















orange beach, al | official website









 















skip to main content






















 



  
 












search







 
 
 






    city hall      departments      facilities      business      contact us  




 














beach status - daily reportmedium hazard, moderate surf and/or moderate currents










 
 
 






 















 






  
 
 













 














jobs








city services










 
 














agendas &minutes








visitors










 
 














weather








events










 
 














faqs








stay informed










 
 
 

























 





news & highlights


 
 














seafood fest and maaac car show return feb. 22 to the wharf 


the 33rd annual orange beach seafood festival and maaac car show will be held at the wharf on saturday, feb. 22. the popular event, which kicks off the spring festival season on the gulf coast, will run from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.						read on...







2025 severe weather preparedness sales tax holiday set for feb. 21-23 


alabama will hold its annual severe weather preparedness sales tax holiday, beginning friday, feb. 21 and ending sunday, feb. 23, giving shoppers the opportunity to purchase certain severe weather preparedness items free of state sales tax.						read on...







additional golf cart re-inspection dates set 


the orange beach police department has scheduled additional golf cart re-inspection days for this spring at orange beach city hall. these dates will be the last chance for golf cart owners to renew their permits at an inspection site.						read on...







habitat restoration project to bolster robinson and walker islands 


improvements are coming to the islands thanks to a collaboration between the nature conservancy, moffatt & nichol, city of orange beach and md thomas constructions.						read on...







12 graduate from orange beach fire recruit school 


ceremony for recruit class 24-01 held on friday, dec. 13 at orange beach performing arts center						read on...







pensacola and perdido bays estuary program earns national designation 


new law recognizes pensacola and perdido bays as estuaries of national significance						read on...







naia selects orange beach for men's soccer championship 


orange beach sportsplex will serve as host site 2025, 2026, and 2027 naia men’s soccer national championships						read on...







allegiant air announces service to alabama’s beaches 


flights to begin in may 2025 at gulf shores international airport, with stops in tennessee, ohio, texas, arkansas, illinois and missouri						read on...







rebuilt gulf state park pier officially reopened 


although anglers and sightseers had been enjoying the facility for several weeks, the newly repaired and renovated gulf state park pier was officially opened on friday, sept. 13th with a ribbon-cutting ceremony.						read on...







historic groundbreaking ceremony held for orange beach city schools athletic complex 


the young orange beach city school system celebrated a generational step forward on tuesday, nov. 7, 2023 with the groundbreaking ceremony for a state-of-the-art athletic complex.						read on...







welcome to our new website 


the city of orange beach is excited to announce the launch of a newly redesigned city website. with the myaccount and notify me features, residents and visitors can customize their viewing experience and stay up-to-date on city events.						learn more about the new website







visitor information 


we have some of the most beautiful beaches in the world. learn more about our area from our partners at orange beach & gulf shores tourism.						explore orange beach







no wake zone maps 


when on the water in orange beach, please help keep everyone safe by knowing and abiding by the wake zone rules.						find no wake zones







stay connected! 


subscribe to notify me to receive updates and information about community news and happenings.						check out notify me!







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 














it is a pleasure to welcome you to the city of orange beach, alabama website. you can find information about each department within our city and appropriate contact information for each area. city services and programs continue to grow as we provide our residents and visitors with a superb quality of life and enjoyable place to live, work and visit. the dedication of our entire city staff and support of residents makes the development of this community an ongoing process. i hope that you find this website to be a useful and informative source of information about our fine city. sincerely, tony kennon mayor of the city of orange beach
 






  
 













contact your mayor










 
 
 



 





connect with us


 
 
 








calendar






february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












tue, feb. 18  

city council meeting



sat, feb. 22  

orange beach arbor day tree giveaway







sat, feb. 22  

33rd annual orange beach seafood festival and maaac car show







sat, feb. 22  

snowbird trivia 






view all calendars




/calendar.aspx



 
 



  
 





 facebook
 x (twitter)




 facebook
















 x (twitter)





tweets by cityorangebeach 






 
 
 



 





trending links


 
 



  
 














beach weddings








fishing licenses








toll cards








marriage licenses








voter registration








hurricane decals








drone use








event & film permits








floodplain management










 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







city of orange beach4099 orange beach boulevardorange beach, al 36561phone: 251-981-6979
 






  
 



  
 







social media







facebook








twitter








instagram








youtube










 
 



  
 







helpful links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy



employee portal









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 

 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 



 














permit portal








trash & recyling








city history video








recreation








arts










 
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









