






homepage | als network














































































skip to content





























about us our mission, vision, and values what we do where we serve our impact financial information & institutional effectiveness leadership news & stories calendar of activities & events careers contact usunderstanding als what is als? who gets als? symptoms and diagnosis genetic testing for als als glossaryservices our care services newly diagnosed als clinics and centers emotional support treatments and therapies ask me – educational webinars living with als resource guides for daily living caregiver support speech and als managing speech changes financial information for people with als medicare and home health information als registry emergency preparedness for people with als nutrition and als resources for military & veterans for caregivers support for families recursos en español bereavement supportresearch our approach research we fund clinical trials our expertsadvocacy become an advocate public policy prioritiesget involved community outreach events create a fundraiser volunteer sign up for our newslettergive  donate now ways to give gifts in tribute leave a legacy donor advised funds donate a vehicle workplace giving matching gifts donor bill of rights




 




×
about us our mission, vision, and values what we do where we serve our impact financial information & institutional effectiveness leadership news & stories calendar of activities & events careers contact usunderstanding als what is als? who gets als? symptoms and diagnosis genetic testing for als als glossaryservices our care services newly diagnosed als clinics and centers emotional support treatments and therapies ask me – educational webinars living with als resource guides for daily living caregiver support speech and als managing speech changes financial information for people with als medicare and home health information als registry emergency preparedness for people with als nutrition and als resources for military & veterans for caregivers support for families recursos en español bereavement supportresearch our approach research we fund clinical trials our expertsadvocacy become an advocate public policy prioritiesget involved community outreach events create a fundraiser volunteer sign up for our newslettergive  donate now ways to give gifts in tribute leave a legacy donor advised funds donate a vehicle workplace giving matching gifts donor bill of rights










search



				search			







close



 





donate









english spanish










 















ca taxpayers can now fund als research – use code 447 on ca income tax returns


					learn more				



 




















the als network – your connection to care, research, and advocacy.









get services




































 



















newly diagnosed? start here





 encuentra en español


 








we connect need with support, questions with answers, thought leaders with new ideas, research to funding, and advocates to challenge the status quo.





















































2,000+
people with als served per year












care services



our team of professional care managers provide expert advice and assistance for people with als, free of charge. 







how we can help





















research



we invest in research that will lead to better treatments and cures. we can also help connect you to clinical trials. 







learn more




























$17m
raised for als research



































50,000+
actions taken nationwide












advocacy



our advocacy efforts advance important public policy initiatives that benefit our als community. 







take action
































support our mission











to partner with the als community as we drive the discovery of prevention strategies, treatments, and cures for als; provide access to quality care and connection; and promote initiatives to improve health outcomes.


























donate



one-time or monthly donations help us provide free services to people living with als.
















volunteer



enthusiastic volunteers are key to our success! volunteers can contribute in many ways - through their time, knowledge, skills and leadership.
















fundraise



you can host an event to help support the als community and push towards treatments and cures. it's easy to get started!
















participate



sign up for one of our fundraising events and start or join a team to raise money for als network!
















advocate



as an als advocate, you can help change the laws and policies that affect thousands of people with als and their families.
















celebrate



establish a lasting legacy in honor or memory of someone special's battle with als using our easy tribute fund web pages.


























connect, support, chat



connection groups are a great place for people living with als and their loved ones to share their personal experiences and learn more about strategies for preserving independence and maximizing quality of life. 







find a connection group

























































ask me: als research and care in 2025



please join us virtually on tuesday, february 25 for ask me: als research and care in 2025 at 5:00pm pst / 3:00pm hst. this event will feature leading als researchers and physicians who will discuss recent scientific advancements, answer your questions, and preview what to expect in the year ahead. during this informative program, you will hear from clive svendsen, phd, executive director, regenerative medicine institute at cedars-sinai medical center and chair, als network scientific advisory committee and catherine lomen-hoerth, md, phd, clinic director, als treatment and research center at ucsf medical center, who will share updates from the 2025 als network research summit and the impact on care and research in 2025.  







rsvp today





















2024 los angeles walk & roll to cure als livestream



join us for the 24th annual los angeles walk & roll to cure als in person and online via our livestream, thanks to our accessibility and inclusivity sponsor, mitsubishi tanabe pharma america! 







watch here













 





play video











































news & stories












browse all posts






























														february 2025 | monthly enewsletter from als network											


















														15 als nonprofits collaborate to form als united: a new era of innovation and impact											


















														springer nature link: racial disparities in the diagnosis and prognosis of als patients in the united states											

























stay up-to-date on als care, research, and advocacy, as well as upcoming activities and events, and learn more about the many ways als network is helping the als community.









sign up for our newsletter











 
































california mailing address: po box 7082, woodland hills, ca 91365 










hawaii mailing address: po box 11284, honolulu, hi 96828 













phone: 866.750.2572 














email: info@alsnetwork.org 











tax id: 95-4163338 













visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our youtube page





visit our linkedin page





visit our flickr page





visit our instagram page





 






 


 


 

 


 


 

 


 


 







formerly als golden west

























© 2024 als network











for the mediasite mapprivacy policylink policy










 
 
scroll to top






















