






lipson o'shea legal group























































lipson o'shea legal group



train claims



areas of practice
dui and dwi defense
domestic relations - divorce and family law
lead paint poisoning
criminal defense
personal injury
small & medium business litigation
cases of interest


attorneys


important resources


our blog


podcast


contact us















train claims/
areas of practice/dui and dwi defensedomestic relations - divorce and family lawlead paint poisoningcriminal defensepersonal injurysmall & medium business litigationcases of interest
attorneys/
important resources/
our blog/
podcast/
contact us/

















































the law firm that never closes.




lipson o'shea legal group
the law firm that never closes











train claims/
areas of practice/dui and dwi defensedomestic relations - divorce and family lawlead paint poisoningcriminal defensepersonal injurysmall & medium business litigationcases of interest
attorneys/
important resources/
our blog/
podcast/
contact us/













































 

dui and dwi defense • domestic relations/divorce and family law • lead paint poisoning • criminal defense • personal injury • small and medium business litigation

 










east palestine train claims click here









we address all important legal needs both during and after business hours, providing a 24/7 response. we never close.call us anytime at 216-239-0000 or toll free at 1-800-529-1966




    contact us today →
  










we know both the law and the courthouses
we are there almost every day.










dui and dwi defense
experience is all that matters when you are charged with a dui offense.








small & medium business litigation
comprehensive legal services for your business.










personal injury
we believe that no suffering should go unjustified.










domestic relations – divorce and family law
the divorce and custody legal system can intimidate and overwhelm anyone.










lead paint poisoning
current federal estimates put the number of children with poisonous levels of lead in their blood at over 300,000. 










 















we're here to help you. we know that clients always want both their rights and their financial interests protected. our experience ensures the best strategic approach to every legal matter.




    learn more about us →
  















we are a law firm concentrating on criminal justice, personal injury, dui and dwi defense, domestic relations/divorce and small business litigation/collections.




    areas of practice →
  

 




lipson o'shea blog

























news 5 cle: 'i’ve come a long way:' woman severely hurt after parma police chase and crash returns to her dream job






our client fights on to regain her dignity and life. we are so proud of her.


























lipson o’shea thanks ed ‘flash’ ferenc for recognizing michael o’shea’s contributions (listen)






lipson o’shea legal group extends a heartfelt thank you to ed “flash” ferenc for featuring michael o’shea on his latest episode of america’s work force union podcast. 


























attorney michael o’shea named to 2025 ohio & kentucky super lawyers






lipson o’shea legal group is proud to announce that attorney michael o’shea has been recognized in the 2025 edition of ohio & kentucky super lawyers magazine. 














    more from our blog →
  









recent cases

























federal criminal case plea deal






we recently appeared for a sentencing in a rather serious federal criminal case.


























civil domestic violence claims defended






we recently had to represent 2 husband/fathers in what were clearly ill-motivated civil domestic violence claims.  


























settlement secured in wrongful death case






we were recently able to secure a settlement in a wrongful death case where the family of the decedent were very estranged.   


























petition for domestic violence protection order






we represented the person referred to as the “respondent.” in this case, the wife (called the “petitioner”) was convinced by her mother and some family members (who for a long time hated the respondent) to file the petition.  


























automobile personal injury case resolved






we were recently able to resolve a portion of a bad automobile personal injury case for the limits of the available coverage.    


























sentence reduction in a federal case






the federal sentencing guidelines (which mostly control the type of sentences a defendant should receive) called for a sentence of approximately 37 months in federal prison.   


























parenting plan resolved in family law case






this was a high-conflict case, and it was truly in the best interests of the minor child that the parties resolved this part of the case.  


























business litigation matter underway






we are in the process of litigating a semi-huge business litigation matter involving a rather profitable business that provides services to persons with disabilities.     














 


 







































    contact us
  




    call 216-239-0000
  




    toll free 800-529-1966
  




    make a payment
  

 









 lead counsel verifiedloading ...
michael o'shearated by super lawyersloading ...










  

lipson o'shea legal group  •  hoyt block building - suite 110  •  700 w st. clair avenue  •  cleveland, oh 44113dui and dwi defense • domestic relations/divorce and family law • lead paint poisoning • criminal defense • personal injury • small and medium business litigation

 




 




































disclaimer: the information on this website is for general information purposes only. nothing on this or associated pages, documents, comments, answers, emails, or other communications should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. this information on this website is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing of this information does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship. ©copyright 2025 lipson o'shea legal group all rights reserved





 





