


 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close


spiritual seeker?  read 'the trail of gnosis' sourcebook/free article/free shipping          contact      about the                  author      table                  of contents      purchase           ebook                  overview      testimonials      ebooklets      free                  article     the trail of         gnosisa lucid exploration of gnostic traditions         spiritual seeker?  want to explore gnosticism?        order the new revised paperback edition $25.00-free shipping   click button for revised 2012 pdf e-book $15.95         during the middle ages, one spiritual teaching became so powerful, that in an attempt to silence it forever, the church mounted the inquisition, exterminating a large portion of the population of southern france.    what made this secret teaching so attractive that it became a powerful threat to the church?     what spiritual jewels were seemingly lost during the inquisition?     the trail of gnosis explores lost treasures of gnosticism: direct access to the divine within that bypasses all intermediaries and barriers; the application of timeless secrets such as the consolamentum and the endura of the cathars.     what were the profound connections and influences of paulician, manichaean, kabbalistic, sufi and taoist beliefs on  		gnostic sects?         what was the most controversial tenet of the 8th century paulician key of truth?        discover valuable and extraordinary spiritual wisdom in the trail of gnosis, as well as photos, maps and guides to specific high-energy sites utilized by gnostics.        praise for the trail of gnosis" lucid text and superb graphics celebrate the endurance and wisdom of gnosticism." -- o.c.m. "after a few                  days of exploring the contents of the                  trail of gnosis, i am profoundly impressed. there is information made available that i have not found elsewhere. your book is opening new and exciting channels for me. thank you for your important contribution to a virtually forgotten tradition."                    --l.j      a pacific rim press source book        order the new revised paperback edition $25.00-free shipping  click button to purchase revised 2012 pdf e-book $15.95         sign in for updates email address:   email marketing by verticalresponse     ©2002-2012 pacific rim press, all rights reserved                    






