






bicycle helmets





helmets.org
bicycle helmet safety institute
consumer-funded, volunteer staff


helmets
children
promotions
statistics
search






pick a helmet using lab test data

      we have a ratings page that
      merges top picks from consumer reports impact testing and the virginia tech star concussion ratings, updated in september 2024. we also link to  australian, uk and european test reports.
      


update: australian test ratings site is amazing

update: kav 3d printed helmet tests well

study: scalp works as well as mips-type helmet additions
rotational force: do mips, wavecel and spin really work?

helmet recalls and warnings: 
       nerf, reyhee, camzimo, 
       korimefa, chau river, gasaciods - fengwang sports,
         bell, retrospec, hovding, xingdetui, nqdtpbor, more

helmets for 2025

should i wear a helmet at all?


      sections below or
      scroll down



quick


children




helmets


design




new


standards




laws


statistics




repairs


media




special helmets


about



no cookies, no data tracking by this site.

quick answers



quick answers!

fast info for frequently asked questions.

helmets made simple

if our pages seem too wordy, try this.

is there an anti-concussion helmet?

not really, and here is why.

buying a helmet?

our buyer's guide to bicycle helmets

helmets for 2025

our report on this year's helmets.

how long do helmets last?

time to replace a helmet?

scooter helmets

you need one to ride an electric scooter!

do shared bicycle rental users need helmets?

our advice on riding shared bikes.

how to fit a helmet

how to get all the protection you paid for.

the media room

quote of the day and how to quote our other text


new stuff



virginia tech, hiper and nsw star ratings: the way ahead to better helmets

concussion ratings will push manufacturers to go beyond meeting standards.

pick a helmet with lab test ratings

we found models highly rated by virginia tech and consumer reports

va tech testing finds 5 star helmet for $7.45

best protection does not have to be expensive or have mips

cpsc recalls are evolving

adapting to changes in retailing.

made for us podcast interviews bhsi's randy swart.

the focus is on  inclusivity and helmets

helmet chuckle: danish public service announcement

svend says his helmet ruins his braids.

covid-19 and helmet cleaning

advice on cleaning possible virus from your helmet.

consumer reports has a helmet article

ratings for helmets.

latest helmet recalls

our page has many recalls from the past.

european helmet study proposes changes in standards

recommends: lower pass/fail, more coverage, angular impact test for rotation.

helmets for electric bikes

we don't think a bike helmet is enough for an ebike.

rideshare company solves helmet problem

helmet locks to the rear rack of a wheels bike.

should i wear a helmet?

would you believe our advice?

where can i report a helmet defect?

cpsc has a place to post your problems.

what's new

what we have added or modified on our website recently.


helmets



helmets for the 2025 season

our report on helmets for this year.

where is the anti-concussion helmet?

you can look for it...but you won't find it.

cheap vs. expensive helmets

lab tests showed no difference in impact protection.

a visit to the cpsc helmet testing lab

a photo tour of cpsc's helmet test facility.

cpsc complaints database

first case illustrated good and bad features of the database.

helmet recalls

all cpsc helmet compliance actions since 1995.

types of helmets

road, mountain, downhill, skate, chrono

helmet terms and definitions

meanings for the helmet terms we use.

bikeshare programs and helmets

including first study on helmet use.

folding helmets

needed for bike share programs, but must meet cpsc for us.

plastics in your helmet?

helmet plastics are probably not a cause for concern.

are ribcaps ok for cycling?

they do not provide the protection you need.

cheap helmets!

sources of helmets for promotion campaigns.

yard sale helmets

should i buy a used helmet at a yard sale?

full face helmets

do you want facial protection?

helmet size

size chart and how to measure your head for a helmet.

how to fit a helmet

how to fit a helmet for best protection.

helmet fit checklist

helmet fitting steps.

very large helmets

our advice for riders with very large heads.

small helmets for adults

advice on finding small adult helmets

very small helmets for children

why can't i find a helmet small enough?

helmets for unusually-shaped heads

our advice for riders with unusually-shaped heads.

hairstyles and baseball caps

baseball caps, pony tails, beads, braids, "helmet hair"

do-rags and head covers under helmets

does a head cover affect helmet fit?

one-size-fits-all helmets

can ring fit systems fit your head?

vents and squared-off lines

you can have too many vents in your helmet!

visors: good and bad experience

how to report shattered or snagged visors

the helmet industry

industry news on a few of the manufacturers.

bell's true fit system is worth a look

system simplifies the fitting process.

winter helmets

warm headgear for winter commuting and riding.

lights on helmets

headlights and taillights mounted on helmets can be useful.

giving a helmet as a present.
        
may not be a simple task.

reflective helmets

should you add reflective tape to your helmet?

stickers on helmets

should you add stickers to your helmet?

painting helmets

can you paint a helmet?

helmets for many other activities

scooter, ski, soccer, skating, equestrian and more.

multi-purpose helmets

can't i just use the same helmet for everything?

helmets for motorbikes and motor scooters

why a bicycle helmet is not ok for motor vehicles.

crash stories

stories where the helmet worked.

other crashes

helmet, no helmet or non-bicycle. these are downers.

when can i ride again?

ask your doctor before riding after a crash.

response to "truck ran over cyclist's head"

a helmet can help squirt the head out, but will crush if squarely run over.

helmet damage sensors and indicators.
        
most are not really concussion indicators.

fake or counterfeit helmets

how to avoid them.


children



helmets for low income kids

factors affecting promotion in equity emphasis zones

are helmets with animals or spikes ok for kids?

cute, but we don't recommend them.

consumer reports has a few ratings of kid's helmets.

most are rated good for impact protection.

taking your baby along?

helmets, trailers, childseats and shaken babies.

very small toddler helmets

helmets for toddlers with very small heads.

very large toddler helmets

helmets for toddlers with very large heads.

what size is my child's head?

how to measure.

getting my child to wear a helmet

ten ideas for encouraging your kids to use helmets.

why kids don't like to wear helmets.
        
reasons the kids give when asked.

warning: no helmets on playgrounds!

advice after deaths of two helmeted children.

hairstyles and baseball caps

baseball caps, pony tails, beads, braids, "helmet hair"

lice! head lice can be a problem

cleaning helmets for rentals and schools

kids in dublin ohio mount bike safety campaign.
        
lots of energy, new ideas as kids conduct their own program.


special helmets



helmets for teens

"my teen won't wear a helmet!"

helmets on campus

is a college brain worth protecting?

helmets for seniors

does an older brain need different protection?

helmets with hearing aids

where to put a hearing aid and how to deal with sweat

helmets for special needs

suggestions for developmental disabilities and seizures

helmets for head injured riders

what to wear if you have a previous injury.

helmets for bald riders

avoiding tan lines and other tips.

thinner helmets for small adult heads?

feel like a mushroom?

helmets for police

helmets for police officers, with police graphics

helmets for bicycle polo

what you need to protect your head in cycle polo

helmets for time trial use

chrono helmets with extreme aero shapes.

helmets for shared bicycle programs

cycle hire schemes pose particular helmet problems.

rental helmets

rentals need easy fit, sanitization and damage indicators

helmets and turbans

how can a sikh wear a bicycle helmet?


standards



bicycle helmet standards

our quick summary of bike helmet standards.

standards for bicycle helmets

the long version: cpsc, cen, astm, ansi, snell and others.

short helmet standard comparison chart

the short standards comparison chart.

detailed standards comparison

longer, detailed item-by-item comparison.

astm f1952 downhill mountain bike racing standard

comparison with cpsc standard.

test line comparisons

cpsc, astm, snell, dutch

the ideal helmet standard

our idea of the perfect bicycle helmet standard.

making progress in standards

what is needed for further standards improvement.

importing bicycle helmets to the us

where to find us regulations for importing bike helmets.

astm improves bicycle helmet standard

astm adds variable mass headforms to f1447

helmet performance limits

how much a helmet can take and keep on protecting.

helmet testing

how helmets are tested in the lab.

helmet test labs

labs who test helmets or supply test equipment.

astm headgear subcommittee

standards, meetings, background

ansi z90.4 committee - disbanded

ansi replaced the z90.4 standard with astm f1447

we opposed hã¶vding airbag exemption from cpsc standard

product did not provide the protection level required by the cpsc standard.


maintenance and repairs



testing products that can attack helmets

bhsi has tested hair products, sunscreens, repellants.

how to inspect a helmet

the points to check, and a checklist.

replacing a helmet

our advice on when to replace your helmet.

repairing a helmet

how to fix your helmet when it comes unglued.

replacing a buckle

can you find a replacement buckle? maybe!

threading straps through a buckle

illustrations and photos to help you rethread.

recycling helmets

what to do with your faithful old helmet.


construction and design



how helmets work

basics on construction and testing standards

how bicycle helmets are made

a summary of manufacturing steps

bicycle helmet impact liners

eps, epp, epu, cardboard, pulp, paper, koroyd, mycelium and other types of liners.

in-molded (molded-in-the-shell) helmets

it can make better helmets, but not necessarily.

buckles

most are one basic design, but there are others.

sliding resistance and mips

rounder helmets help you slide on impact

helmet cooling

info on ventilation and cooler riding.

air bag headgear again - stanford research

but some airbags do not inflate enough.

helmet designers

our short list of independent helmet designers.

trek/bontrager models with wavecel

trek says they provide more protection against concussion.


statistics and research



helmet and injury statistics

they don't agree, so take your pick!

the total market for bike helmets

how many helmets are sold each year?

new york city data on bicycle deaths

nyc found 97% of dead cyclists had no helmet.

journal articles and studies on helmets

links to scientific journal articles and studies on helmets.

helmet documents

materials we have scanned or downloaded.

helmet construction and materials

helmet design for students and researchers.

researchers' page

info for a thesis or a science project.

designers' page

info for a helmet design project.

term papers on bike helmets

where to find the info to write a term paper

a workshop on bike helmets

points to cover when you do a workshop.

helmet patents

some significant patents and how to find others.

advice for inventors

we are interested in new helmet technology.

the cost of making a bike helmet

our guesses on manufacturing and sales costs.


helmet laws



mandatory helmet laws

states, counties, cities, positions, opponents.

where to find helmet laws

states, counties, cities.

ebike helmet laws

some states require helmets for some or all riders.

studies on mandatory helmet laws

journal articles and studies on helmet law effectiveness.

australian paper on helmet laws is misleading

helmet laws normally do not reduce cycling here.

issues from the "helmet wars"

our slant on the endless helmet law arguments.

importing bicycle helmets to the us

where to find us regulations for importing bike helmets.


media



made for us podcast interviews bhsi's randy swart.

the focus is on  inclusivity and helmets

british study on passing clearance was bogus.

2013 re-analysis confirms that data was misinterpreted.

the media room

quote of the day and how to quote our other text

washington post article based on faulty study.

reporters can't find a real helmet issue, so . . .

misguided media articles and ads without helmets

what we do when we see one of those.

new york times gets it right!

columnist jane brody strongly recommends a helmet

new zealand radio distorts our comments

"don't have much to protect" joke taken seriously out of context.

new york times article

"head injuries piling up?" times' reputation sinking?

nyu study does not expose hidden danger in foams.

another university pr department gets headline wrong.

helmets do not increase jaw injuries!

study disqualifies itself.
washington post helmet myths article
got it wrong.

our email newsletter

helmet news, not too frequent, you can subscribe.


who we are

 
      welcome! we are a bicycle helmet advocacy program explaining helmet technology to consumers and
      working to improve helmet standards. founded in 1989, we are a small, active, non-profit consumer-funded program with a
      volunteer staff. our volunteers serve on the astm helmet standards committee and are active in commenting on actions of
      the consumer product safety commission. we provide a toolkit of materials for helmet programs and a periodic email
      newsletter, both free.

      we are funded entirely by consumer donations. we
      maintain our independence by never accepting funds from the industry. we are a 501(c)3 non-profit, so your contributions
      to us are tax-deductible. we spend 100% on program expenses, nothing on administration or salaries and nothing on fundraising.

      we do not use cookies at all on this site. no tracking, no ads, no rude pop-ups urging you to subscribe to our newsletter. we
      don't have any interest in selling your data. we are not an affiliate advertising site and do not profit from your clicks
      on any of our links. in a typical year our secure website serves 2 million pages to more than
      700,000 distinct users. we have been up continuously since 1995 with better than 99.9% uptime.

      we believe in helmets but know that they are a secondary safety measure and urge that primary measures such as safer
      roads and education programs for riders and drivers get high priority to resolve our current road safety crisis. until
      our roads are reconfigured taking a safe systems design approach the appalling daily carnage will continue.


our faq: can you trust this site?

where we came from, what we do and how, with our mission statement.

our program

what we hope to accomplish this year.

our 2024 year in review

we had a good year.

how to support our work!

we are funded 100% by consumer donations.

what we need today

graphics, crossword or teaching skills?

how we run our secure site

our philosophy, design, page hits and more.

promises, promises

what we hope to add to our site some day.

some nice
          words from the consumer reports blog.

bhsi's founder named safety crusader.

swart receives astm's hulse memorial award

recognition for bhsi's work on helmet standards.

swart receives astm's award of merit


          highest astm award for standards committee work. photo, swart on right..
        

how to cite our pages

citing us in footnotes for scholarly papers.


what we can do for you



our publications

newsletter, pamphlets, list of laws, more.

our email newsletter

the helmet update, our periodic newsletter. you can subscribe!

media guidance

quotes and a few rules on quoting our site.

webmaster guidance

you can quote us but not borrow our pages.

our contact information

web, email, telephone, postal mail.

teachers, educators, scout leaders, workshops, rodeos.

resources, statistics, pamphlets, videos, lesson plans.

bike shop owners - we encourage you to use our pamphlets.

we provide free duplicating masters.


search our site



search our site.

finds anything on our site.

a map of our site.

a page by page map in outline form.


links



helmet links

links to other helmet-related pages.

head injury survivors

links to people who have survived a head injury.

graphical pages for young riders

want graphics? comics? superheroes?

our links policy

we keep our links closely focused on helmets.


translate our site

google translate will translate our whole site for you into over 100 languages. just click on
      this link to translate and on
      the blue word "english" at the top. a drop-down table lets you select your language, and all of our other pages will
      translate as you click on links.

problems with our site?


          here is a page of tips on problems. we care about making our content accessible!


virus or spam message apparently from bhsi?


          here is how a spoofer sent you that message. virus-bearing messages do not originate here! we
          never send anything to anyone from "info@helmets."
        


sending us an email:


          please use this link for comments or questions. we like to hear about what you wanted to find here.


you can donate to support our work:


          please use this link to donate.  we are consumer-funded and do not accept donations from the industry, including bicycle shops. we spend 100% on program expenses, 
      nothing on administration and nothing on fundraising. 
          

our contact info: 
        

          bicycle helmet safety institute
          4611 seventh street south
          arlington, va 22204-1419 usa
          voicemail: 703-fouratesixdashzero1doublezero
email
          web: helmets.org







how2buy
children
promotions
about
new


statistics
standards
teachers
laws
search



   â© all pages on this site are copyrighted by the bicycle helmet
      safety institute, 1995-2025. reproduction on paper for non-profit use is encouraged, but on the web please link to our
      pages rather than reproducing them--we update frequently and a copy will be quickly outdated. webmasters please see
      this page.
at least one page
      on this site was updated on february 14, 2025




