



college of mines and earth sciences - the university of utah



















skip to content







search site:



powered by






search campus:



powered by









search campus










university of utah covid-19 updates

 the university of utah 


college of mines and earth sciences



searchreveal menu



menu item
menu item
menu item
menu item
menu item








reveal menu
main navigation




main menu
home
about
about our college
mission and values
news stories
earth weekly
what on earth magazine
research brochure
history
things of interest
intranet
contact us


directory
dean's office
faculty & staff
college liaisons


departments
departments
atmospheric sciences
geology & geophysics
metallurgical & materials science and engineering
mining engineering


students
future students
future students
request information
gen ed classes
match your interests
the value of your degree
careers


student epicenter
petitions
semester guidelines
academic advising
student belonging
financial aid and scholarships
student ambassadors
welcome to cmes
cmes virtual computer lab


student wellness resources 
outreach
outreach
lesson plans
crus center
williamson fellows
high grade


alumni
alumni spotlights
give
update info
alumni ambassadors


giving
make a gift
ways to give
contact


events
convocation 2024


safety







see all images







scholarships, grants & financial aid
scholarships for first-year and current students.
read more >
 












prospective students
prepare to tackle the world's grand challenges.
explore more >







student epicenter
putting your college experience at the center.
engage, prepare, impact >







departments
discover atmospheric sciences, geology & geophysics, materials science & engineering,
                                 and mining engineering.
learn more >

















want to tour the college of scienceor college of mines and earth sciences buildings?



take a virtual tour of cmes
watch here


sign up for an in-person tour
sign up
















college news


view all news












meeting of the mines
for pratt rogers, the new chair of the mining engineering department at the university of utah, the future of our technological and information-driven society as we are living it now and imagining it in the future is going to require a meeting of the minds.







dmitry bedrov, new chair of mse
peter trapa, dean of the college of science, announced the appointment of dmitry bedrov as the new chair of the department of materials science and engineering (mse) at the university of utah as of january 1. he replaces mike free who will move to the appointment of associate chair of the department which bedrov earlier held.







funding for critical materials consortia
“rebuilding a domestic supply chain for critical minerals and materials here at home will both safeguard our national security and support the continued development of a clean energy and industrial economy,” says brad crabtree, department of energy (doe).








events
view all events





feb 18


tuesday 6pm - 7pm
frontiers of science lecture featuring steven chu
natural history museum of utah (nhmu)






feb 19


wednesday 10am - 12pm
geo refreshment hour
sutton building - frederick albert (fasb)






feb 19


wednesday 4:10pm - 5pm
materials science & engineering graduate seminar -
warnock engineering building - john and marva (web)






feb 20


thursday 12:30pm - 1:30pm
distinguished lecture series (dls)
sutton building - frederick albert (fasb)






feb 26


wednesday 10am - 12pm
geo refreshment hour
sutton building - frederick albert (fasb)






feb 26


wednesday 4:10pm - 5pm
materials science & engineering graduate seminar -
warnock engineering building - john and marva (web)



















invest in the future
please help our students follow your path to success by making a gift to the college
                           of mines and earth sciences. thank you for your support!
give now









alumni & friends
we are proud of our alumni and friends and grateful for the many ways they support
                           our students. we invite you to get involved in the way that best meets your interest
                           and circumstances. some options include, student mentoring, providing an alumni spotlight,
                           hiring students, giving financially, speaking in a class, and attending digital or
                           in person events.
get involved








alumni, emeriti and friends

steven a root

steven a root is chief analytics officer, and senior vp of strategic initiatives, of accuweather, inc., the fastest growing private weather consulting company in the world.  he resides in edmond, oklahoma.

				for more than 40-years, steven root, applying leadership and vision, has pioneered numerous applications of meteorology that have enhanced awareness, application, and demand for all types of weather information by both business and general consumers.  

				following his primary passion, steve has always sought to clarify meteorology for end-users, resulting in benefits for business, government and the public. his clarifications in turn resulted in greater demand for solutions through the application of meteorology, and there have been many noteworthy accomplishments. read more...















 


you belong here!
we are a community of explorers, innovators and leaders dedicated to improving the
                           world every day.
the university of utah has both historical and contemporary relationships with indigenous
                              peoples. given that the salt lake valley has always been a gathering place for indigenous
                              peoples, we acknowledge that this land, which is named for the ute tribe, is the traditional
                              and ancestral homelands of the shoshone, paiute, goshute, and ute tribes and is a
                              crossroad for indigenous peoples. the university of utah recognizes the enduring relationships
                              between many indigenous peoples and their traditional homelands. we are grateful for
                              the territory upon which we gather today; we respect utah’s indigenous peoples, the
                              original stewards of this land; and we value the sovereign relationships that exist
                              between tribal governments, state governments, and the federal government. today,
                              approximately 60,000 american indian and alaska native peoples live in utah. as a
                              state institution, the university of utah is committed to serving native communities
                              throughout utah in partnership with native nations and our urban indian communities
                              through research, education, and community outreach activities.
let's make a difference—together!
apply to the u
2023 application deadlines



spring semester 2024
nov 1, 2023


summer semester 2024
mar 1, 2024


fall semester 2024
apr 1, 2024




 


    
have a question for us?
contact us
 








contact us!

please fill in this form for support. we will get back to you as soon as possible!
 














college of mines & earth sciences


crocker science center
1390 e. president's circle
rm 310salt lake city, ut 84112-0140801-585-9344



stay in touch


find us
contact us
webmaster



quick links


a-z index
campus directory
campus map
shuttle tracker 
cis
umail
@ the u








© 2025 the university of utah

indigenous land acknowledgment
nondiscrimination & accessibility
disclaimer
privacy
credits & attributions
media contacts






x
facebook
instagram
youtube













last updated: 2/13/25


