


pinewood derby car: over 400 products to help you build a fast car









































feb 15 2025



 

pinewood derby car speed tips and products to help you win the race. it's as easy as abc! 






  view shopping cart
 all products
 pinewood derby home 



 
pinewood derby tips 
check each page of our site for more tips to help you build a fast pinewood derby car.
 
 
tip #4

most pinewood derby cars will fishtail to some degree as they roll down the track. fishtailing slows the car down by increasing friction when the wheels touch the center guide rail. you can reduce fishtailing by sanding the front of the car  so that the wheels on the front are slightly closer together. then as the car goes down the track, only the front wheels will touch the center guide rail. 

tip #9

some cars roll faster backwards than they do forwards. if you can, test your car before the race to see which way is faster.

tip #18

if you know that you are going to be up against some very fast pinewood cars, focus on one of the workmanship or design prizes. building a good looking car with a creative design can be more fun than making a fast car.

tip #32

some pinewood derby wheels are faster than others. buy several sets of wheels and spin each wheel on a polished axle. use the wheels that spin the longest. don't use any wheels that wobble.





welcome to abc pinewood derby


*** new ***
77 tips to help you build a fast pinewood derby car. free with every order.
 this web site has over 400 products to help you to:
			
 design and build your pinewood derby car 
everything you need to help you build your car 
"how to" books


easy to follow instructions covering building tips and all the latest speed tricks and secrets. 


easy to build car designs

our car designs use only straight cuts so they are easy to make! includes easy instructions with templates.


blocks

your car will go straighter and faster. available with axle holes or slots.
				


car parts

create a variety
					of car shapes with our plastic parts.


pre-cut cars 

get a head start in building your pinewood derby car. we
					do the hard part for you.


painted cars        completed cars

short on time? just add wheels to our painted cars. our completed cars are ready to race.


lego pinewood derby cars


 


make your next pinewood derby car with legos using an official pinewood derby block  or host your own lego car race with our lego car frames. great activity for birthday parties, summer camps and other events. works with any standard pinewood derby track or use our track sections to build your own track.  
examples of lego cars that can be made with our kits or with your own parts.


 make your pinewood car look great  
decals, accessories and paint - your car will stand out from the crowd. 
paint 


water based paints with great results and easy cleanup.


body skins 


completely covers your pinewood derby car. paint is not needed. includes black skin for windows.
 
car lights

grab everyone's attention with these bright lights. a headlight/taillight kit and an underglow kit are availagle



car decals


these exciting decals will make your car stand out from the crowd.


wheel decals 


give your car a unique look with our wheel  decals. easy to apply - just stick on the outside of the wheel


car accessories

roll bars, spoilers, hood scoops, engines police light bars, eyes and much more.




animal cars
					stand out from the crowd - make an animal car. legal in all races.
			  

 
  make your pinewood derby car fast  
speed supplies - products that can make your car dramatically faster!

speed wheels 


each of our wheels has our speed rating. pick the fastest wheel that is allowed in your pinewood derby race.


"how to" books


all the latest building tips and speed secrets.


video 

watch this and give your pinewood derby car a big speed boost.


speed axles

we have a variety of speed axles. try our new graphite coated axles!


lubricants

the best dry and liquid lubricants available.


graphite pads 

reduces friction between the wheels and the car body.


axle polishing kit

our axle polishing kit will ensure that your axles are in perfect condition.


weights 

variety of weights to bring your pinewood derby car up to the 5 oz. limit.

axle polish

our two-step secret formula is easy to use and gives excellent results.


speed tools 

take advantage of these tools to fine tune your car and give it the winning edge!

 
  extras  
products for before and after the pinewood derby race!

digital scale 


accurately weigh your car.
accurate to .01 oz


mobile garage kit 

safely carry your pinewood derby car to the race in style. 


derby dome



protect your pinewood derby car in a clear plastic dome.

 
  entertainment  
pinewood derby movie and game

down and derby
a hilarious movie about a pinewood derby competition that the dad's take too seriously.

pinewood racer board game
this board game requires skill to make it to the 
finish line first. fun for the whole family.
 

back in stock
 

derby dome

	    crystal clear plastic dome keeps your pinewood derby car clean and dust free
	    only $16.95
	    

details



digital scale

	  accurately weigh your pinewood derby car
	  only $15.95
	  


details 

 
  basic tips to get you started  
detailed instructions on how to use many of our products.
browse through our "how to" area to find useful tips

 after you build your car, you may find that one of the front wheels is raised slightly. a raised wheel will actually make your car go faster but some rules don't allow raised wheels. here's how to fix a raised wheel on a pinewood derby car. if your rules allow raised wheels, here is how to raise a front wheel to make your car faster.

    lubrication is often neglected. our pinewood derby car graphite is a special formula using the highest quality graphite available. 
for beginners, here is how to use a coping saw and how to use a rasp. and here are some tips on how to paint your pinewood car.

    our  instructions on how to build a fast pinewood derby car will give you some ideas on how to make your car faster.

    as a finishing touch, read how to paint chrome spokes on pinewood derby wheels. it's easy to do and makes your car stand out from the crowd. 


advanced racers can read our pinewood derby rail riding speed tip. this new technique can give your car that winning edge.

    we  have a variety of pinewood derby wheels and pinewood derby axles that have been cleaned up and polished for maximum speed.

    your car should weigh right at the 5 oz limit for the fastest speed. our weights for pinewood derby cars come in a variety of shapes and sizes. 

 

		  february 14, 2025 - just wanted to let you know how much your axle installer helped me this year for my sons car. he went to districts which were today. this was our best year, since we started doing everything our selves. in the heat races he placed 2nd, 2nd,1st, 2nd, 3rd. he made it to the finals but did not do so well due to a slight mechanical issue that i did not know about. no one said anything was wrong and they kept running the car the way it was. but my son said he was happy to have made it to districts and get in the finals. thank you from a father and son who like to do things them selves.rod b
	
 

wheel vibration will slow your pinewood derby car down. make sure that the tread of your wheel (the part that touches the track) and the rim (the inner edge of the wheel) are  smooth  and that your wheel is as round as possible.
watch the video of our rocket powered pinewood derby  car.
pinewood derby is a registered trademark of boy scouts of america




build a car

"how to" books
"how to"  video
car designs
car blocks
pre-cut cars
animal cars
car parts
car fenders
painted cars
completed cars
tools
lego cars
awana cars



make it fast

axles
axle polishing kit
axle polish
axle installer
wheels
weights
graphite and oil
tools


make it look great

car decals
wheel decals
body skins
paint
car eyes
car accessories
car lights



extras

practice track
car carrying case
digital scale
pinewood racer
down and derby
car display and paint stands
race management
product catalog


male

can't find what you are looking for?  search our site.




information

home
site map
what is the pinewood derby? 
pinewood derby rules 
questions and answers 
car photo gallery
shipping and returns
privacy notice
pinewood links
contact us 



how to

design and build your pinewood derby car
build a fast derby car
run a pinewood race
build a derby track
build a car stand
paint chrome wheels
use a rasp 
use a coping saw
use decals 


 hey guys i would like to say your product is great. we used your block and axles and won the pack131 nationals for 2005 and we used your oil. your
			product's are great and we will be back. thanks guys you made my son's day. pack 131 champion 
 we bought your products and he got 1st place and set a track record.   again, thank you
			chris and matthew
 i just had to say thank you for the quick turnaround on my order. i ordered late friday and imagine my surprise when i came in the office this morning after
			being out yesterday to discover the car was already delivered.  fantastic job!  thank you.... kathy c
 we had our 2nd cub scouts pinewood derby yesterday. last year we came in 3rd with me being clueless. this year i stumbled upon your site and with your help, made a faster car that finished second, losing by 3 one-hundreths of a second. i already have my changes picked out for next year and look forward to perusing your site once again. thanks a ton!...chris



abc pinewood car
      730 73rd ave ne
      olympia, wa 98506
sales@abc-pinewood-derby.com
© copyright 2004-2025 abc pinewood car all rights reserved



