




amateur gay,straight, and trans porn videos - download or watch live porn now!










because of their new laws, nc/tn/tx/va users are not allowed to access this site and must leave now.


celebrating our 24th year anniversary! -- online since july 1997!
"the king of amateur gay porn videos" --adult video news, avn magazine
"...a wonderful spot for those who appreciate true homemade-amateur gay porn videos." --jane's guide
as featured on tech tv! --aired on "unscrewed" on techtv
"amvc is the big daddy of amateur gay porn." --unzipped magazine


nc, tx, tn, and va residents/users may not access this site and must leave now!
    	by accessing this site, you agree to these terms, under penalty of perjury:
nc & va users may not access this site because their lawmakers said so. complain to them, not us.
* i am an adult, being at least 18/21 (depending on individual state laws regarding access to adult subject matter) years of age.
  * i believe in the principles of the first amendment.  it holds that free adults have the right to decide for themselves what they will view without government interference and consent to viewing adult-oriented material.
  * i warrant that it is legal to view such material in my locale and country.
  * i will not redistribute this material to anyone, nor will i permit any minor, or any person who would find this personally offensive, to view this material.
  * i certify that i am entering this site to obtain or view adult entertainment products (porn) that may be sexually-explicit.
 *i understand that this website is not responsible or liable for errors and/or omissions with regards to content, including, but not limited to, pricing.
 *i will not order or attempt to order any xxx products from this site if i am not of legal age, and/or if i'm in a "restricted area", and/or if i'm in an area where it is illegal to receive sexually explicit materials.
 *i will not ship any adult products to any area, or to any person residing in any area, where it is illegal to receive sexually explicit material and/or is not of legal age.
 * i will hold harmless amvc, its owners/officers/employees and its advertisers/associates from and against any claims, liability, losses, costs, damages, or expenses (including attorney's fees) arising from my use of or participation in this service or the information contained therein.
 * it is the policy of amvc to enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent permitted under law. all product names, regardless of whether or not they appear in large print or with a trademark symbol, are trademarks of amvc, its affiliates, related companies, or its licensors or joint venture partners, unless otherwise noted. the entire content of any amvc web site, including any images or text, is copyrighted and may not be distributed, downloaded, modified, reused, reposted, linked to (aka "hotlinked"), or otherwise used except as provided herein without the express written permission of amvc. the use or misuse of these trademarks, copyrights, or other materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of copyright law, trademark law, communications regulations and statutes, and other laws, statutes and/or regulations.

under penalty of perjury, by entering this site you agree to the all of our terms.

enter gay porn videos
enter straight porn videos


leave now

received six nominations for "best amateur gay porn video site" at cybersocket.com!



download porn now!



    	prices and terms of service are subject to change without notice.
18 u.s.c. 2257 record-keeping requirements compliance statement
this site contains sexually explicit porn images and videos. void where prohibited.
amvc is not liable for editorial, pictorial, or typographical errors on this site.
adults only. this site may not be viewed by minors or shown to them.
amvc.com is not liable for any activity as a result of visiting third party links/sites not controlled by amvc.
1997-2024 amvc all rights reserved.
the story, all names, characters, and/or incidents portrayed in this production, are fictitious. no identification with actual persons (living or deceased), places, buildings, and/or products is intended or should be inferred.
we are converting to a new site to be accessible for all adults. thank you for visiting and your patience in the interim.




