



	real estate investors of greater cincinnati home








































extended menu
homeboard of directorscode of regulations and bylawshistoryjoin reiagc join join as a vendormember savingsmeeting informationjoin email listterms & conditionsmember discountscalendarbuild your business blogproperty listproperty list (all)property list (single family)property list (multi family)vendorsmembers only resourcesbasic skills videoscontract pack recommended contractorscommunity engagementbhr housing assistancebookstorereal estate articlesreal estate glossarytenant screeningophp creditsfinancial calculatorsmy accountmembers directorymembership cardmy dashboardmy websiteedit websitemy propertiesbuyer leadsseller leadsspecial report leadsproperties rss feedfaq (website)my downloadshow to videospremium featuresrepair estimatestraining videosseller net sheetco-marketingmore infomy profileedit profileevents attendedaccount historysign inexpress successexpress success programexpress success member loginuser faq view cartsign in






 2/17/2025: apartment and commercial investors focus group: why transition from active property management to passive investing




register


sign in


my dashboard


contact us












real estate investors association of greater cincinnati








reiagc menu
                        


homeboard of directorscode of regulations and bylawshistoryjoin reiagc join join as a vendormember savingsmeeting informationjoin email listterms & conditionsmember discountscalendarbuild your business blogproperty listproperty list (all)property list (single family)property list (multi family)vendorsmembers only resourcesbasic skills videoscontract pack recommended contractorscommunity engagementbhr housing assistancebookstorereal estate articlesreal estate glossarytenant screeningophp creditsfinancial calculatorsmy accountmembers directorymembership cardmy dashboardmy websiteedit websitemy propertiesbuyer leadsseller leadsspecial report leadsproperties rss feedfaq (website)my downloadshow to videospremium featuresrepair estimatestraining videosseller net sheetco-marketingmore infomy profileedit profileevents attendedaccount historysign inexpress successexpress success programexpress success member login view cart view morecontact us

















today's events


upcoming events


calendar of events




















































































it's an interesting time to be a real estate investor...lots of challenges to deal with and lots of opportunities to grab.
        our members have...well, thousands of years of combined experience in 'good' markets and 'bad', and we're working day and night to make sure you get the information you need to survive and thrive in the current crazy climate...
         plus, we know how much you value networking with like-minded people, so...
         reiagc's meetings are both live and online, including our regular 1st and 3rd thursday of the month meetings, and our awesome members-only focus groups.
         if you're a member, you'll get links to all of our focus group meetings, regular meetings, and special meeting via email, so make sure we have your best email.
        wherever you are in the world or in your career, you're welcome!

  reiagc: a community just for you!
we're more than just a "real estate investors association": we're a community of real estate entrepreneurs, for real estate entrepreneurs!
        cincinnati reia is the largest, and most excited and exciting community of real estate investors, rental property owners, wholesalers, retailers, creative buyers, lease/option aficionados and more.        our community is open to new and experienced wealth builders who value:

the immense local, in-the-trenches knowledge and experience contained within our community
both introductory and in-depth training on a variety of potential strategies 
education about tactics and ethics, hows and whys, benefits and risks
sharing resources from knowledge to referrals with fellow members
the support and confidence that a group of like-minded, prosperity-focused can give you in starting or growing your real estate business        yes, reiagc gives you tons of money-making, locally-based education about how to make more money in real estate investing. but what's really valuable is the sense of community you get with other cincinnati-area rental property owners, wholesalers, retailers, note investors, and the people who provide services to them.

        got questions about neighborhoods? need contractor recommendations? have a deal to sell, or need to buy one? need to learn to do your first deal, or to build your little real estate business into a big one? or just want to hang with awesome people who believe as strongly as you do that real estate investing is an awesome business?        our main meetings are open to the public and your first meeting is always free; download a first-time guest pass to our next main meeting by clicking any main meeting announcement in the right column.
join us and see...reiagc is a community you can't do without!






today's events
apartment and commercial investors focus group: why transition from active property management to passive investingfeb17online members only: listen to todd vanmeter, of blue hat wealth,inc.  as he describes his commercial real estate journey over owning over 85 doors. monday, february 17, 2025 time: 6:30 pm - 8:00 pmback to top



upcoming events
express success members web class: what you don’t know about property insurance that’s hurting youfeb18don’t be one of the many investors every year who has a loss, and gets surprised that their property insurance doesn’t cover what they thought it did. learn the common “gotchas” that most real estate investors don’t discover until it’s too late. tuesday, february 18, 2025 time: 7:30 pmwednesday morning investor networking meetingfeb19in-person open to public this is your opportunity to build relationships, get ideas, share resources, and grab breakfast with fellow cincinnati-area real estate entrepreneurs. please register for location. wednesday, february 19, 2025 time: 9:00 amreal life real estate investingfeb19online open to the public join us for public radio’s longest-running program, hosted by vena jones-cox, which exclusively serves real estate investors, rental property owners, and entrepreneurs. wednesday, february 19, 2025 time: 5:00 pmw.i.r.e. (women in real estate) focus group: leveraging virtual assistance for cost effective growthfeb19online members only: discover how to streamline your real estate business using virtual assistants with our speaker tancy mason-phillips, who brings over two decades of real estate and consulting experience wednesday, february 19, 2025 time: 6:30 pmnationwide online chapter meeting: fund my deal night!feb20bring real deals that you need funding for, and our panel of hard money, dscr, and private lenders will tell you what they can do—or what you need to do to make your deal fund-able. thursday, february 20, 2025 time: 6:30 pm print a free guest pass (first time attendees)haves and wants (propswap)feb21online members only got deals to sell? skills to trade? money to lend? need money, partners, or help solving a deal problem? you’ll find what you need in our nationwide community of new and active investors every friday morning. friday, february 21, 2025 time: 8:45 ammasterclass: the roadmap to the passive income end gamefeb22if your real goal is to make your money make money instead of having to use your time to make money, this masterclass will show you the most efficient route from active investor/flipper to true hands-off investing. saturday, february 22, 2025 time: 9:00 amcreative buying and selling focus groupfeb24online members only you’ve heard of seller-held financing, private financing, lease/options, subject to and land contracts, right? this group talks about how to ethically, legally & profitably do all those things in the real world. monday, february 24, 2025 time: 6:30 pmrental property owner’s focus groupfeb25online members only rentals are the most tried and true way to build wealth in re, but they’re a business, not a passive investment. we will discuss how to manage properties, find tenants, and keep you updated on laws affecting your business. tuesday, february 25, 2025 time: 6:30 pmwednesday morning investor networking meetingfeb26in-person open to public this is your opportunity to build relationships, get ideas, share resources, and grab breakfast with fellow cincinnati-area real estate entrepreneurs. please register for location. wednesday, february 26, 2025 time: 9:00 amreal life real estate investingfeb26online open to the public join us for public radio’s longest-running program, hosted by vena jones-cox, which exclusively serves real estate investors, rental property owners, and entrepreneurs. wednesday, february 26, 2025 time: 5:00 pmsummit real estate entrepreneurs investors help nightfeb26online members and guests 12 monthly online sessions led by vena jones-cox and successful association leaders from around the u.s. wednesday, february 26, 2025 time: 7:30 pmnothing but notes focus group: how to create seller-financed notes that buyers can't resistfeb27online members only: $28 billion worth of seller-financed real estate notes were created in 2023, and from 2019 – 2023, more than $125 billion in seller-financed notes were created. thursday, february 27, 2025 time: 6:30 pmhaves and wants (propswap)feb28online members only got deals to sell? skills to trade? money to lend? need money, partners, or help solving a deal problem? you’ll find what you need in our nationwide community of new and active investors every friday morning. friday, february 28, 2025 time: 8:45 amrehab and retail focus groupmar3online members only rehabbing properties for rental or resale can be challenging. learn what’s hot in renovations, how to deal with contractors, get referrals, and maybe even see other people’s rehabs in progress. monday, march 3, 2025 time: 6:30 pmonline popup: how to buy your next rental with no cash or creditmar3come learn some surprisingly simple ways that you can more and better deals using other people’s cash and credit. monday, march 3, 2025 time: 7:30 pmwednesday morning investor networking meetingmar5in-person open to public this is your opportunity to build relationships, get ideas, share resources, and grab breakfast with fellow cincinnati-area real estate entrepreneurs. please register for location. wednesday, march 5, 2025 time: 9:00 amreal life real estate investingmar5online open to the public join us for public radio’s longest-running program, hosted by vena jones-cox, which exclusively serves real estate investors, rental property owners, and entrepreneurs. wednesday, march 5, 2025 time: 5:00 pmrei tech and tools focus groupmar5online members and guests learn how to manage your real estate business more efficiently with live demos and expert recommendations on how to manage your business and day-to-day tasks quicker, better, and in a more organized way. wednesday, march 5, 2025 time: 6:30 pmcincinnati chapter meetingmar6in-person and everyone is welcome! our chapter meetings are a great opportunity for anyone interested in creating wealth or making money in real estate. members can join for free, and if you're a guest, you can attend your first meeting at no cost. thursday, march 6, 2025 time: 5:00 pmatlanta area, in-person networking meetupmar6we’re starting off simple—focusing on conversations, connections, and gauging interest—so you can help shape what comes next! thursday, march 6, 2025 time: 6:30 pmhaves and wants (propswap)mar7online members only got deals to sell? skills to trade? money to lend? need money, partners, or help solving a deal problem? you’ll find what you need in our nationwide community of new and active investors every friday morning. friday, march 7, 2025 time: 8:45 amhow to find, hire, and manage contractorsmar8the hardest part of flips is finding the right contractors—and keeping them on time, on budget, and paid properly. learn the process and avoid pitfalls from an investor with over 40 years of rehabbing experience. saturday, march 8, 2025 time: 9:00 amtax-free investing focus group:  crypto and other topics in your retirement accountsmar10online members only: buying crypto in your ira - btc, sol, xrp, & more (not investment advise - pre-education)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubjrjiinsmw monday, march 10, 2025 time: 6:30 pmtransactioneering mastery academymar10join creative deal structuring goddess vena jones-cox for this 6-week training that will show you exactly how to do the no money down deals you crave monday, march 10, 2025 time: 7:00 pmwholesaling focus groupmar11online members only wholesaling is the quickest, most straightforward way to generate income from real estate. here, we have honest discussions about the skills you need,  the ethical considerations, the laws, and how to do both profitably and right. tuesday, march 11, 2025 time: 6:30 pmland development and new construction focus groupmar11education and case studies for members who want to build new construction! tuesday, march 11, 2025 time: 6:30 pmwednesday morning investor networking meetingmar12in-person open to public this is your opportunity to build relationships, get ideas, share resources, and grab breakfast with fellow cincinnati-area real estate entrepreneurs. please register for location. wednesday, march 12, 2025 time: 9:00 amcommunity and municipal affairs committeemar12online members only  join as we work to engage with community leaders and actively raise cincinnati reia's profile as a professional group with an essential perspective in the housing conversation. wednesday, march 12, 2025 time: 12:00 pmreal life real estate investingmar12online open to the public join us for public radio’s longest-running program, hosted by vena jones-cox, which exclusively serves real estate investors, rental property owners, and entrepreneurs. wednesday, march 12, 2025 time: 5:00 pmshared housing focus groupmar12do you provide, want to provide, profitable & much-needed shared housing, assisted living housing, pad splits, or group homes? join us monthly for actionable advice, education, tips, & networking with practitioners & experts in this exploding field! wednesday, march 12, 2025 time: 6:30 pmnew investor focus groupmar13online members only this is the place to get reliable information about basic concepts, review deals with experienced investors, get inspired by the successes of others, and ask questions. if you’re new to re, this is a meeting you should never miss. thursday, march 13, 2025 time: 6:30 pmhaves and wants (propswap)mar14online members only got deals to sell? skills to trade? money to lend? need money, partners, or help solving a deal problem? you’ll find what you need in our nationwide community of new and active investors every friday morning. friday, march 14, 2025 time: 8:45 amshort-term and mid-term rentals focus group.mar14online members only if you want to own short-term rentals or manage what you have better. join and learn: property selection, rehab, hiring help, pricing & advertising to help you be a more skilled, confident & profitable str owner! friday, march 14, 2025 time: 12:00 pmapartment and commercial investors focus group: property managermar17online members only : find a property manager. monday, march 17, 2025 time: 6:30 pmtransactioneering mastery academy with vena jones-coxmar17join creative deal structuring goddess vena jones-cox for this 8-week training that will show you exactly how to do the no money down deals you crave monday, march 17, 2025 time: 7:00 pmexpress success members web class: how to talk to sellers about seller financingmar18online express success members only tuesday, march 18, 2025 time: 7:30 pmwednesday morning investor networking meetingmar19in-person open to public this is your opportunity to build relationships, get ideas, share resources, and grab breakfast with fellow cincinnati-area real estate entrepreneurs. please register for location. wednesday, march 19, 2025 time: 9:00 amreal life real estate investingmar19online open to the public join us for public radio’s longest-running program, hosted by vena jones-cox, which exclusively serves real estate investors, rental property owners, and entrepreneurs. wednesday, march 19, 2025 time: 5:00 pmw.i.r.e. (women in real estate) focus groupmar19online members only develop your confidence and improve your business by networking with other women in real estate investing! wednesday, march 19, 2025 time: 6:30 pmonline national chapter meeting: what the pros know about managing rentals that you don’tmar20our most experienced rental housing providers and managers share their best tips for tenant screening, management, maintenance, rental rehab, and how to fill units fast when the market is slow. thursday, march 20, 2025 time: 6:30 pm print a free guest pass (first time attendees)haves and wants (propswap)mar21online members only got deals to sell? skills to trade? money to lend? need money, partners, or help solving a deal problem? you’ll find what you need in our nationwide community of new and active investors every friday morning. friday, march 21, 2025 time: 8:45 amhow to invest in notesmar22want a simple guide to investing in or flipping notes, plus a $397 home study course on evaluating them? if you’ve ever thought about note investing, don’t miss this class. saturday, march 22, 2025 time: 9:00 amcreative buying and selling focus groupmar24online members only you’ve heard of seller-held financing, private financing, lease/options, subject to and land contracts, right? this group talks about how to ethically, legally & profitably do all those things in the real world. monday, march 24, 2025 time: 6:30 pmtransactioneering mastery academy with vena jones-coxmar24join creative deal structuring goddess vena jones-cox for this 8-week training that will show you exactly how to do the no money down deals you crave monday, march 24, 2025 time: 7:00 pmrental property owner’s focus groupmar25online members only rentals are the most tried and true way to build wealth in re, but they’re a business, not a passive investment. we will discuss how to manage properties, find tenants, and keep you updated on laws affecting your business. tuesday, march 25, 2025 time: 6:30 pmwednesday morning investor networking meetingmar26in-person open to public this is your opportunity to build relationships, get ideas, share resources, and grab breakfast with fellow cincinnati-area real estate entrepreneurs. please register for location. wednesday, march 26, 2025 time: 9:00 amreal life real estate investingmar26online open to the public join us for public radio’s longest-running program, hosted by vena jones-cox, which exclusively serves real estate investors, rental property owners, and entrepreneurs. wednesday, march 26, 2025 time: 5:00 pmsummit real estate entrepreneurs investors help nightmar26online members and guests 12 monthly online sessions led by vena jones-cox and successful association leaders from around the u.s. wednesday, march 26, 2025 time: 7:30 pmnothing but notes focus groupmar27online members only investing in, buying, selling, or originating notes and mortgages is this group’s passion. here, we discuss everything ‘note’-worthy—finding notes and mortgages, creating, analyzing, managing, re-performing, and more. thursday, march 27, 2025 time: 6:30 pmhaves and wants (propswap)mar28online members only got deals to sell? skills to trade? money to lend? need money, partners, or help solving a deal problem? you’ll find what you need in our nationwide community of new and active investors every friday morning. friday, march 28, 2025 time: 8:45 amtransactioneering mastery academy with vena jones-coxmar31join creative deal structuring goddess vena jones-cox for this 8-week training that will show you exactly how to do the no money down deals you crave monday, march 31, 2025 time: 7:00 pmwednesday morning investor networking meetingapr2in-person open to public this is your opportunity to build relationships, get ideas, share resources, and grab breakfast with fellow cincinnati-area real estate entrepreneurs. please register for location. wednesday, april 2, 2025 time: 9:00 amreal life real estate investingapr2online open to the public join us for public radio’s longest-running program, hosted by vena jones-cox, which exclusively serves real estate investors, rental property owners, and entrepreneurs. wednesday, april 2, 2025 time: 5:00 pmrei tech and tools focus groupapr2online members and guests learn how to manage your real estate business more efficiently with live demos and expert recommendations on how to manage your business and day-to-day tasks quicker, better, and in a more organized way. wednesday, april 2, 2025 time: 6:30 pmcincinnati chapter meetingapr3in-person and everyone is welcome! our chapter meetings are a great opportunity for anyone interested in creating wealth or making money in real estate. members can join for free, and if you're a guest, you can attend your first meeting at no cost. thursday, april 3, 2025 time: 5:00 pmatlanta area, in-person networking meetupapr3we’re starting off simple—focusing on conversations, connections, and gauging interest—so you can help shape what comes next! thursday, april 3, 2025 time: 6:30 pmhaves and wants (propswap)apr4online members only got deals to sell? skills to trade? money to lend? need money, partners, or help solving a deal problem? you’ll find what you need in our nationwide community of new and active investors every friday morning. friday, april 4, 2025 time: 8:45 amrehab and retail focus groupapr7online members only rehabbing properties for rental or resale can be challenging. learn what’s hot in renovations, how to deal with contractors, get referrals, and maybe even see other people’s rehabs in progress. monday, april 7, 2025 time: 6:30 pmtransactioneering mastery academy with vena jones-coxapr7join creative deal structuring goddess vena jones-cox for this 8-week training that will show you exactly how to do the no money down deals you crave monday, april 7, 2025 time: 7:00 pmwholesaling focus groupapr8online members only wholesaling is the quickest, most straightforward way to generate income from real estate. here, we have honest discussions about the skills you need,  the ethical considerations, the laws, and how to do both profitably and right. tuesday, april 8, 2025 time: 6:30 pmland development and new construction focus groupapr8education and case studies for members who want to build new construction! tuesday, april 8, 2025 time: 6:30 pmwednesday morning investor networking meetingapr9in-person open to public this is your opportunity to build relationships, get ideas, share resources, and grab breakfast with fellow cincinnati-area real estate entrepreneurs. please register for location. wednesday, april 9, 2025 time: 9:00 amcommunity and municipal affairs committeeapr9online members only  join as we work to engage with community leaders and actively raise cincinnati reia's profile as a professional group with an essential perspective in the housing conversation. wednesday, april 9, 2025 time: 12:00 pmreal life real estate investingapr9online open to the public join us for public radio’s longest-running program, hosted by vena jones-cox, which exclusively serves real estate investors, rental property owners, and entrepreneurs. wednesday, april 9, 2025 time: 5:00 pmshared housing focus groupapr9do you provide, want to provide, profitable & much-needed shared housing, assisted living housing, pad splits, or group homes? join us monthly for actionable advice, education, tips, & networking with practitioners & experts in this exploding field! wednesday, april 9, 2025 time: 6:30 pmnew investor focus groupapr10online members only this is the place to get reliable information about basic concepts, review deals with experienced investors, get inspired by the successes of others, and ask questions. if you’re new to re, this is a meeting you should never miss. thursday, april 10, 2025 time: 6:30 pmhaves and wants (propswap)apr11online members only got deals to sell? skills to trade? money to lend? need money, partners, or help solving a deal problem? you’ll find what you need in our nationwide community of new and active investors every friday morning. friday, april 11, 2025 time: 8:45 amshort-term and mid-term rentals focus group.apr11online members only if you want to own short-term rentals or manage what you have better. join and learn: property selection, rehab, hiring help, pricing & advertising to help you be a more skilled, confident & profitable str owner! friday, april 11, 2025 time: 12:00 pmtax-free investing focus group: how to plan for fi (financial independence) or retirement using lifeonaire principals and strategiesapr14online members only buying properties in your retirement plan, health-savings, or education savings account, utilizing 1031 exchange, oz fund opportunities & more. you'll want to attend this group if saving taxes is high on your goals list. monday, april 14, 2025 time: 6:30 pmtransactioneering mastery academy with vena jones-coxapr14join creative deal structuring goddess vena jones-cox for this 8-week training that will show you exactly how to do the no money down deals you crave monday, april 14, 2025 time: 7:00 pmexpress success monthly group coaching callapr15online express success members only monthly group coaching on foundational skills, including finding deals, financing properties without banks, evaluating properties, and implementing exit strategies. each web class includes q & a. tuesday, april 15, 2025 time: 7:30 pmwednesday morning investor networking meetingapr16in-person open to public this is your opportunity to build relationships, get ideas, share resources, and grab breakfast with fellow cincinnati-area real estate entrepreneurs. please register for location. wednesday, april 16, 2025 time: 9:00 amreal life real estate investingapr16online open to the public join us for public radio’s longest-running program, hosted by vena jones-cox, which exclusively serves real estate investors, rental property owners, and entrepreneurs. wednesday, april 16, 2025 time: 5:00 pmw.i.r.e. (women in real estate) focus groupapr16online members only develop your confidence and improve your business by networking with other women in real estate investing! wednesday, april 16, 2025 time: 6:30 pmonline national chapter meetingapr17free and open to the public. chapter meetings are open to anyone with a serious interest in building wealth or earning income in real estate; members attend free thursday, april 17, 2025 time: 6:30 pm print a free guest pass (first time attendees)
back to top












this website uses cookies

                                this website uses cookies to improve user experience. by using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
                        




ok, i got it!

view cookies and privacy policy








contact us

real estate investors association of greater cincinnati

3707 warsaw avenue
cincinnati,
                                  oh
45205
(513) 407-3137




an independent reia powered by: 



follow us





privacy
                            and 
                              security
                            policies
                        

                            your email will never be shared or sold to other members, vendors or any other third party without your consent.


disclaimer

www.cincinnatireia.com
                             (real estate investors association of greater cincinnati) does not give legal, tax, economic, 
                              or investment advice.
                              reiagc
                            disclaims all liability for the action or inaction taken or not taken as a result of 
                              communications from or to its members, officers, directors, employees and contractors. 
                              each person should consult their own counsel, accountant and other advisors as to legal, 
                              tax, economic, investment, and related matters concerning real estate and other investments.
                                





                                copyright 2025 ©
                                  real estate investors association of greater cincinnati
                                 all rights reserved.
                            



                                this
                                  reia
                                website is powered by:
                                  real estate promo.
                            


























