









home - village of lancaster, ny

















































 




 





















government

budget
code
financial reports
historic preservation
legal and other notices
meeting minutes
planning commission
village board
zoning board of appeals


departments

billing
building department
clerk/treasurer’s office
code enforcement
department of public works
fire department
garbage & sanitation
justice court
public safety
village attorney and prosecutor


community

businesses
climate smart
community
links and resources
parks & recreation
parking and maps


economic development

business resources
comp plan
lancaster area chamber of commerce
lida
projects
village merchant association
zoning updates


news & events

village events
event calendar
news & info
newsletter


contact





















 











shop, stroll, stay.

village of lancaster









quick links








make a payment








village code








board meetings










special events








newsletter








report an issue
highway, sewer, & street lights










climate smart communities








fire department








maps







news & events


dare to repair cafethe dare to repair cafe is a community event where individuals can bring broken items (lamps, small electronics, ...eclipse community solar program ​how can you reduce your energy burden?​​

1. enroll in the eclipse community solar program ​
if you rent or own ...notice of public hearing- re: no parking on kelly ctvillage of lancaster
notice of public hearing
to be held monday, february 24, 2025

please take notice; that ...farmer pirates updatethe farmer pirates compost neighborhood drop off program, with a drop off location hosted by the village of ...now hiring- part-time office clerkvillage of lancaster
part-time office clerk


the village clerk-treasurer’s office is accepting applications ...notice to bidders- usda tree planting spring 2025advertisement for bids
village of lancaster 5423 broadway lancaster, ny 14086
procurement of one hundred ...job opening – laborerthe village of lancaster is currently accepting applications for one (1) opening for the position of laborer in ...175th anniversary holiday home decorating contestthe village of lancaster's 175th anniversary holiday home decorating contest is well on its way! click here for ...175th anniversary speaker series: lancaster’s historic homesfor the final speaker series of the 175th anniversary celebration, join jeffrey budzinski, sherry campbell, and ...notice of public hearing – restore ny 11/25/24 7:15pmplease take notice that the board of trustees of the village of lancaster passed a resolution at their october 28, ...notice of 2 public hearings – 11/25/2024village of lancaster
notice of two public hearings
to be held on november 25, 2024

please take notice; that ...winter preparedness

 



 

 








notices








garbage
learn more about garbage & sanitation




farmer pirates compost@ lancaster municipal building is open!new neighborhood drop off location with farmer pirates compost at the lancaster municipal building opens today ...household hazardous wasteerie county hosts hhw drop off events throughout the year and offers a free program allowing erie county residents ...electronic recyclingfor recycling of televisions, computers and other electronic items, please check the sunnking website. ...grass clippingsthe village of lancaster does not pick up grass clippings. please place them in a ...







parking
where should i park?




winter parking banthe winter overnight parking ban is effective from november 15th through march 15th, ...







construction
learn more about construction projects




request for proposals – pocket park – architectural/engineering servicesthe village of lancaster is requesting proposals from architectural or engineering firms to provide professional ...road restriction: como park blvd.eire county notified us como park blvd from lake ave to aurora st. will have a single lane road restriction ...road closure: central aveon tuesday, january 23, 2024, central ave will be closed between broadway and pleasant ave from 2:00am-7:30am to ...single lane closure- aurora st.starting monday, october 16, 2023, traffic will be reduced to a single lane on aurora st between como park blvd ...road restriction- como park blvdthe portion of como park blvd. (cr-523) from transit road (us 78) to lake ave have a road restriction. this ...downtown lancaster roundabouts project
traffic update november 14-18, ...downtown lancaster roundabouts project
november 7- november 11, ...downtown lancaster roundabouts project
october 31- november 5, ...downtown lancaster roundabouts projecton thursday october 27, crews will be installing the outside curb on both of the roundabouts.  during ...downtown lancaster roundabouts projecton thursday, september 29:new phase 1b work zone will be put in place this week. traffic heading ...downtown lancaster roundabouts projectoctober 24-29, 2022:
phase 2 remains in place. pleasant ave is closed heading ...





















































community







projects





downtown lancaster roundabouts project

learn more



west main street extension

learn more



ny forward program

learn more







billing





sewer information & billing

make a payment



property tax information & billing

make a payment



 










report an issue 

resources

projects

join our email list













lancaster municipal building
5423 broadwaylancaster, ny 14086
(716) 683-2105



​office hours:8:30 am – 4:30 pmmonday – friday





terms of use

privacy policy

careers

village code






followfollowfollow

follow us:





follow us:

followfollowfollow









i would like to …






start a business
your content goes here. edit or remove this text inline or in the module content settings. you can also style every aspect of this content in the module design settings and even apply custom css to this text in the module advanced settings.

renovate my home
your content goes here. edit or remove this text inline or in the module content settings. you can also style every aspect of this content in the module design settings and even apply custom css to this text in the module advanced settings.

visit the village of lancaster
your content goes here. edit or remove this text inline or in the module content settings. you can also style every aspect of this content in the module design settings and even apply custom css to this text in the module advanced settings.





apply for ...
your content goes here. edit or remove this text inline or in the module content settings. you can also style every aspect of this content in the module design settings and even apply custom css to this text in the module advanced settings.

dispose of ...
your content goes here. edit or remove this text inline or in the module content settings. you can also style every aspect of this content in the module design settings and even apply custom css to this text in the module advanced settings.

pay my sewer bill
your content goes here. edit or remove this text inline or in the module content settings. you can also style every aspect of this content in the module design settings and even apply custom css to this text in the module advanced settings.




 


















































 


