


mytargets.com free targets that print in pdf format
























 free targets &
more

 











 
 home


sponsors & resources
 * 
copyright notice
 * 
printing tips 
 * 
downloads 
 * 

state game depts. 
 *  
firearms manufacturers
 *  
airguns

contact host
 















 
home 
 

 the free targets below are all printable and downloadable.  click on a thumbnail
and print the target from the pop-up pdf window. they are in pdf format to
ensure that they print to scale. if you need the adobe pdf reader, click

here for a free copy.
 

featured sponsors
















 


shooter's log.  
  good recordkeeping is critical to load development and improving the accuracy of any gun.  an individual gun will produce its greatest accuracy with certain brands of ammunition, bullet weight, or other load factors.  whether you handload or shoot factory ammunition, keep good records and build on the experience of yesteryears.




 


basic crosshairs target.  
1" increments.




 



basic grid target. a very
good all-purpose target for scopes and open sights. 1" grid aids in scope
and sight adjustment.




 



basic grid target - gray scale. gray scale version for black & white printing and copying.




 



grid target with sight alingment
aid. this variation of the basic grid features black square corners to
aid in visual alignment of the crosshairs. this may be helpful when using
low powered scopes or scopes with very heavy crosshairs.




 



100 yard big-game sight-in target.
this target is specialy designed for sighting in big-game rifles 3"
high at 100 yards. sighting in a big game rifle this way will achieve a gun's
maximum usable range without having to hold high on the animal and without
the bullet rising unreasonably above the line-of-sight.




 



100 yard big-game sight-in target
with alignment aid.  this variation of the 100 yard big-game sight-in
target features black square corners to aid in visual alignment of the crosshairs.
this may be helpful when using low powered scopes or scopes with very heavy
crosshairs.




 



grid target with 1" circles.
this is a good target for varmint rifles and bench-rest shooting.




 



1/2" grid target with 1" circles to sight 1" high.
this target is recommended for sighting in your rifle 1" high. this is perfect for sighting in varmint rifles at 100 yards or rimfire rifles at 25 to 50 yards. grid spacing is exactly 1/2".




 



bullseye target with 1" line
spacing 




 



bullseye target with 1" line
spacing 




 



bullseye with 2 inch red center and 1" line
spacing 




 



4 bullseyes with 1/2"
line spacing 




 



5 bullseyes with 1/2"
line spacing 




 



elk target with 1" circle 




 



bison target 




 



tigers target 




 



charging rhino target  





 



charging rhino target x4. 
what could be worse than one charging rhino?




 



charging rhino target x5 
 




 



bears small silhouette target.
great for small bore rifles and air guns. 




 



large ram silhouette target
 




 



large ram silhouette with bullseye.
  1/2" line spacing. 




 



1" bullseyes.  great
for small bore rifles and air guns. 




 



grid target with 20 1/2" circles.
great for small bore rifles and air guns. 




 



grid with 20 red 1/2"
circles.  great for small bore rifles and air guns. 




garmin rino 650 review

this review will come in a few separate segments as i continue to use the rino 650.

this is my first rino but not my first garmin. i am moving from the garmin 60cs and have used it many years for hunting and wilderness hikes. i also have experience using a friends garmin 530hcx so i will make some comparisons along the way.

many of my hunts or hikes are in roadless areas with no trails and in the tall timber where landmarks cannot be seen. these conditions can really put a gps and radio unit to a test of practical functionality.

upon receiving the rino 650 new, i loaded the us topo west 24k map detail which went very smoothly. it did take about three hours to load all of washington and about a third of oregon.

at first i installed a 32gig microsd card but the rino 650 would only recognize 2 gigs.  the manual does not state the maximum card size but the faq section on the garmin website states 4 gigs. i installed a 4 gig card and the rino 650 recognized the whole 4 gigs.

i also loaded some birdseye satellite imagery from the garmin birdseye website. i loaded regular resolution for most of washington state, and high resolution for my favorite places. the 4 gig card holds my mapping and this birdseye satellite imagery with a half a gig to spare so far. there is also about a half a gig of extra space on the rino 650 that i can use if needed.  the birdseye imagery was a real asset while hunting for locating clearings, clearcuts, and estimating the age of the trees when going through timber. (older timber is a lot easier to hike through than young reprod).  the regular resolution birdseye maps show you the cuts and clearings, and the high resolution can show individual trees. 

many times i would project a waypoint of interest using the birdseye imagery (for where a clearcut begins or a brushy reprod area begins etc), and send to another rino user in the field who did not have birdseye. 

the touch screen on the rino 650 works very well.  even with water droplets on the screen it was very readable, and the touch point was accurate. the touch screen menu is very intuitive and quick. this is a clear advantage over the garmin rino 530hcx. the screen resolution is similar to the rino 530hcx but the larger size is easier on my 40+ year old eyes. there have been a few occasions when it would have been better to turn the screen a couple clicks brighter than maximum, but the maximum setting is fine 98% of the time.

when on the map screen, the rino 650 uses the entire screen to display the map. this is very helpful to see a larger area with detail.

i hunted with others who were using both the garmin rino 650 and the garmin rino 530hcx.  the units interacted very smoothly. we were able to send waypoints and texts between the units too.

more details to come soon
 






 


