




texas association of mediators | providing leadership and education in mediation













 








 


home
about tam
board of directors
about mediation
membership information
contact us




tam mission statement
the texas association of mediators (tam) is a multidisciplinary organization established to provide leadership and education in the field of mediation.
comprised of a statewide network of mediators, tam fosters the sharing of information and experience among its members.
strategic goals

promote and encourage the use of mediation.
promote cooperation and communication among organizations and individuals that affect alternative dispute resolution.
promote the ethical practice of mediation through education.
sponsor and promote professional developmentfor mediators and other professional dispute resolution specialists.
fiscally sustain and grow the organization.

tam diversity, equity, and inclusion statement
 
in remembrance of walter wright

it is with heart-wrenching sadness that we share the passing of our colleague and friend, walter a. wright. walter transitioned december 28 with his loved ones by his side following a devastating heart attack on christmas eve.  our understanding is that walter’s memorial service is being planned for march in austin. tam will send out an announcement once details are available.

from his dear friend mike schless:
“we can…and do…mourn the loss of this kind soul. but we do walter a greater honor by renewing our efforts to become what he always was: a kind soul. a kind soul is so much more than just a ‘nice guy’ (although he was that, as well). kind souls are empathetic, considerate, respectful, and positive in their interactions with others. not just on tuesdays or when the sun is shining, but consistently and authentically. and that is because true kindness is a function of character. honesty, integrity, generosity, and compassion are all essential ingredients. kind souls are humble in acknowledging their responsibilities: their shortcomings and faults, as well as their strengths. your next commission of an act of kindness may not give walter his wings, but it will surely put a twinkle in his eyes, as well as in the eyes of the recipient of your kindness.”

please click here if you would like to write a condolence message to walter’s family, share a fond memory, or provide a tribute to walter’s unparalleled legacy. you will also be able to view what others have written.
 

register now!
 
tam extends its heartfelt gratitude to the following organizations and individuals who provide critical funding for our conference. we acknowledge their commitment to enhancing the mediation profession and fostering a collaborative professional growth and learning environment.
conference funding and grants

the el paso dispute resolution center is a project of el paso county and the rio grande council of governments.
 


the texas association of mediators is honored to receive a grant from the texas bar foundation to partially fund the audio/visual expenses for the 2025 conference. since its inception in 1965, the texas bar foundation has awarded more than $28 million in grants to law-related programs. supported by members of the state bar of texas, the texas bar foundation is the nation's largest charitably-funded bar foundation. 


premier conference underwriters









platinum sponsors





gold sponsors









silver sponsors








bronze sponsors




















sponsors


adams' mediation & financial resource center



advantage mediation










gene roberts


meg walker






contributors






dispute resolution center of montgomery county, inc.



steve flynn, mediator



melanie e. grimes, mediator


ismaili conciliation & arbitration board







judy wells, essential mediations llc


 

annual conference
member center
member locator
training/events
news and announcements
join our mailing list
texas dispute resolution centers
adr organizations
tam awards
 
join now!
renew now!












texas association of mediators
p.o. box 2537
galveston, tx 77553-2537



  

  

  

  


© 2025 texas association of mediators. all rights reserved. 

 

tam presents information on this website as a service to our members and other internet users. we make no warranty or guarantee concerning the accuracy or reliability of the content at this site or at other sites to which we link.
 
 
 





