






















message boards 
unofficial gospel
  assembly church website 
visitor comments 
  and page two

music 
yoke of bondage  wayne hamburger 
william sowders 
video clips 
tom jolly
  files 
personal stories 
facts & misc. 
doctrines 
news & legal 
links & books 
poetry page 
letters & dreams 
humor & poems 
gac photos 
 
  
 
 
  

                                        
  


mason's
  opinions on cults and religious abuse 



 


september 2019
 

robert & wanda mason


 

  
 
 
"we
    stand for freedom in 
body and
    mind" 
  
disclaimer:
the purpose in this web
    site is not to discredit any church, (including any gospel
assembly church
    who is not a part of where we came from) nor any pastor or person. it is simply to give
    facts and opinions as we see them. 
 
 
 
 



 


"evil
  that thrives in this world is not so much caused by those who are evil as it
  is by good men and women who say or do nothing when their opinion should be
  voiced and action should be taken." 

we want people to have the
  information that they need to make wise choices. we encourage everyone to
  question everything and use the critical discernment skills
  that god has given you a mind for. do not let others do your thinking for you
  if you are an adult. keep an open mind and get your own answers for yourself. 
we are not under the old
  testament laws where they had to have a priest go behind the veil for them.
  jesus christ is the high priest that split that veil of the temple
for us into the holy of
  holies. we have a direct connection with god, our own phone line, so to
  speak. 
if you are a woman and are
  married, you should consider what your husband has to say. our husbands are
  our point men; which is
  what the word head actually means.  
point man or head - ordinarily a military
  term, but recently having found its way into everyday jargon, a point man is
  member of an operation who leads at the front of the group. generally this
  causes them to be the first person exposed to threat
  or danger.
if you are a man, you should also
  consider what your wife has to say. there is neither male nor female
  in christ. ultimately, the lord is the head of the body of which we
  are if we have been born again and baptized into christ. 
he died for this freedom and we
  are admonished by paul in: 
galatians 4:31-5:4 (niv) 
therefore, brothers, we are not children of
  the slave woman, but of the free woman. [5:1] it is for freedom that christ
  has set us free. stand firm, then, and do not let yourselves be burdened
  again by a yoke of slavery. 
[2] mark my words! i, paul, tell you that if
  you let yourselves be circumcised,(or any other law) christ will be of no
  value to you at all. [3] again i declare to every man who lets himself be
  circumcised (or any other law) that he is obligated to obey the whole law.
  [4] you who are trying to be justified by law have been alienated from
  christ; you have fallen away from grace. 

my name is
  wanda mason and in my opinion, religious abuse is the worst kind of abuse
  because unless a person has a very strong faith to begin with, it can be
  destroyed. in many cases, religious abuse includes physical and sexual abuse. if
  a person is physically or sexually abused (outside the church), they can turn
  to god and the church for help. however, when the representatives of god and
  his church are the ones that caused the pain and loss, where do you turn for
  help and restoration? a person loses confidence in the very thing that should
  have been there to help them. 
opinions are a
  dime a dozen or so they say. most people have an opinion and we certainly do
  not all agree. however, i believe, especially in my case, that i would be
  doing a disservice if i did not speak out. 
sometimes
  there is a price to pay for being honest but it's worth it if you want to see
  others set free. my opinions and honesty have gotten me into trouble many
  times and i've paid a price but as a child of god and an american, i have the
  right to say what i feel needs to be said. the truth is that some
  people don't want to be free. it's easier to have someone run your life in
  every area and then you don't have to take responsibility for yourself.
  however, it's a shame when they are taken
  in by lies and deception and are hooked before they know it.
  it's a shame when some guru or prophet tells them that god is speaking
  through them and then they are afraid to leave. i know. i've been there! 
i feel that it
  is my obligation to speak out for freedom. i don't think a person that is
  born in a free country really appreciates their freedom until it has been
  taken from them in one way or another. in my case it was through mind
  control. 
i've spent a
  lot of time in my life around religion. my father was a minister and i thank
  god for the years that i learned about god and the bible. i am a christian by
  choice but i spent many years of my life, after i left home, centered in
  bible based churches; which i now believe to be cults. this is why i am speaking
  out for victims of this type of abuse. 
there are some
  other links above left that might be of interest if you want to learn more on
  this subject.  
wanda mason 
this is a poem that i wrote after my "deprogramming" and being
  "set free." 
open
  door 
i've
  been held a prisoner, in a cell with man-made bars 
the load
  was placed upon my back, the stripes are man-made scars 
i thought
  it was god's own making, these prison doors, you see 
i
  thought it was god's own plan, never, could i be free! 
 my
  love for him so pure, that nothing could deter 
passively
  submit to him or his mighty wrath incur! 
one day
  i knocked upon the door to ask, "what's right or wrong?" 
to my
  surprise, astonishment! it was open all along! 
wm/5/1/91  

 






 
hi, my name is robert mason and i just wanted to say that i am
    in complete agreement with my wife, wanda. i am a vietnam veteran and that
    was a very rough time of my life. it was a war that i did not choose to
    fight. 
i came home with posttraumatic stress syndrome and i have seen
    many coming out of abusive churches with the same thing. i have seen how
    much our children have suffered and were hurt from the cult-like
    environment that shaped their early years and i know that someone needs to
    stand up and speak out to save others from going through this religious
    abuse. robert mason 





 







  email here 
  exgac@yahoo.com 
   







 
                                             
  




  
  










 search www  search www.gospelassemblyfree.com 
