vision correction los angeles - laser eye treatment los angeles    

 
    
  
            
         skip to content call now 1-424-274-0958 |  schedule a consultation boxer wachler vision institutewww.boxerwachler.com homeprocedureskeratoconus treatmentsholcomb c3-r cross-linkingintacs for keratoconusck for keratoconus1 step visian icl for keratoconuscorneal transplantsevo visian icl™whitereyes® conjunctivoplastycoloreyes™ keratopigmentationfortified ck™dry eye treatmentcataract surgeryfortified lasikpterygium removalpinguecula removalnevus of ota treatmentprk laser eye treatmentrk vision helpdr. brianour teampatient storiesread our reviewspatient videospatient reviewspatient experiencesquestion of the day videorepairs for prior surgerycontact uscontact us/make appointmentabout usnew patient formshotel listthings to do in los angelesblog whitereyes® eye whitening if you ever wanted to have brighter, whiter, clearer eyes for improved confidence, then this may be the right procedure for you!  read more coloreyes™ at last, you can change your eye color to the color of your dreams in under 15 minutes.  read more keratoconus holcomb c3-r are you concerned about your vision getting worse or needing a cornea transplant in the future because of keratoconus?  read more fortified lasik® gives you freedom from contact lenses and glasses.  read moreyes, we are open! to schedule with dr. brian,  call 424-274-0958, text 424-245-0171 or email info@boxerwachler.com 424-274-0958boxer wachler vision institutethe boxer wachler vision institute was designed with the comfort of the patient in mind. patients often refer to the institute being “as relaxing as a spa!” state-of-the-art equipment is showcased in the central diagnostic station, which is not only the physical but also the fundamental nucleus of the practice. the “humidity-controlled” surgical facilities help optimize our patients’ results. our institute creates a peaceful and welcoming atmosphere. meet dr. brianamerica's tv eye doctor™dr. brian is regarded as one of the top leaders in the field of vision correction. his role as the "doctor's doctor" has been earned through his broad expertise.he is a highly sought after eye surgeon and is know as "the surgeon's surgeon" since so many other surgeons come to dr. brian for surgery on their own eyes.read more about dr. brian boxer wachler >>as seen onyes, we are open! to schedule with dr. brian,  call 424-274-0958, text 424-245-0171 or email info@boxerwachler.com 424-274-0958  apl.de.ap entertainer / black eye peas“this morning, i woke up and i didn’t have to change my contacts.”  lucy liu actress - lasik patient“i was terrified! but dr. brian and his staff made everything so easy-super-patient, wonderful bedside manner, answered all questions!”  dr. phil tv host - lasik patient“dr. brian was excellent and so was the comfort and recovery of my lasik procedure with him!”  laura linney actress - lasik patient“i could not have had a better experience. dr. brian and his staff put you instantly at ease, and you feel that you could not be in better hands. truly remarkable!”  dr. travis stork tv host - the doctor's tv show.“thank you dr. brian for being our re-occurring guest expert on the doctor’s tv show.”  tom sandoval actor, vanderpump rules – lasik patient“today i woke up and my vision was better than when i wore contacts.”  eve jeffers entertainment/sitcom star - prk patient“i have absolutely no regrets about this procedure!”  dr. drew tv host“we found dr. brian who can arrest the progression of kc.”  dr. sanjay gupta tv host / cnn“dr. brian’s surgery was a success.”  ellen comedian / tv host - the ellen degeneres show“wow!”  steve holcomb olympic gold medalist 2010, holcomb c3-r & visian icl keratoconus patient“now i can focus on what’s important out there. it’s incredible. dr. brian’s treatments are an eye-opening experience!”  brett dalton actor / agents of the shield star - fortified lasik patient“thanks to dr. brian, my wife can see our daughter clearly.”  jamal crawford nba player/ los angeles clippers - whiter eyes® patient“i will stand beside dr. brian at any moment and anytime because i feel that confident in his abilities.”  lester holt host - nbc nightly news“dr. brian offered steven holcomb a life-changing alternative”  tommy pham professional baseball player / mlb - san diego padres“it makes you feel comfortable knowing that your eyes will stable from holcomb c3-r.”  montel williams tv host / author“dr. brian just gave 1 in 500 people in this country with kc, some hope who before didn’t know about holcomb c3-r.”  seal singer / multi grammy award winner - lasik patient“phenomenal improvement in my sight. no more contact lenses!  meg tilly actress / lasik patient“waking up the next day after lasik was like christmas morning! dr. brian is a genius!”  mario lopez tv host, extra“whiter eyes® is the revolutionary procedure that can give you brighter, whiter eyes.”  mimi rodgers actress - lasik patient“initially i was wary of lasik due to the risk of halos from my large pupils. after lasik with dr. brian’s special technique, i am thrilled with my daytime and nighttime vision”  michael baumgartner washington state senator - lasik patient“it is the 10-year anniversary of my lasik. not a day goes by that i don’t think about how much it benefitted my quality of life.”  ricky schroder actor/director - astigmatism correction“it’s great!”  “sugar” shane mosley, sr. boxing champion  - ck patient“everything went very good, i was comfortable at all times with the procedures and the service.  earl dotson nfl football player / green bay packers - keratoconus patient“i was seeing so well the next day after the procedure, i was right back in the swing of things.”  kristi funk md breast surgeon - lasik patient“as a breast cancer surgeon, my vision affects much more than my own life. i wanted lasik for years, and now thanks to dr. brian, i see perfectly!”  tony curtis actor - lasik patient“the procedure was excellent and everyone was so kind and thoughtful. comfort level was excellent.”  nick kroll comedian - lasik patient“you guys are hilarious! level of comfort during and after the procedure was great.”  lisa willis wnba basketball player - keratoconus patient“i had always been pretty skeptical about getting work done on my eyes. once i got here, i was comfortable! they talked me through every step!”  alex mckechnie athletic performance coordinator, toronto raptors - lasik patient“observation is critically important to my job. i experienced instant success with dr. brian. i personally recommend this to anyone at any time.”  bijan designer - lasik patient“my reading vision after the surgery has most definitely improved! thank you!”  chris connelly correspondent / good morning america“apl. de. ap of the black eye peas is moments away from dr. brian’s procedure that will totally transform his eyesight.”  nick petrucci nbl baseball player / cleveland indians - lasik patient“when i’m at bat now, i can see the stitches rotating on the ball so i can tell if it’s a fastball or a curve ball.”  bob toledo former ucla head football coach - lasik patient“it is an absolute pleasure to write this letter of recommendation on behalf of dr. brian. he performed laser surgery on my eyes and i think he is outstanding.”  michelle banks md eye surgeon - lasik patient“i happen to be an eye surgeon myself. it comes at no surprise that i would pick dr. brian as the person to perform my lasik surgery. i have sat in meetings with tens of thousands of other eye surgeons and we all look to dr. brian as the leader in the field of refractive surgery.”  j.r. navy fighter pilot - lasik patient“corneal refractive surgery has opened new opportunities for me in the us navy. now i am able to fulfill my dreams as a navy pilot with perfect vision.”  glenn cohen m.d. / hand surgeon“i am a hand surgeon. my eyes are everything to me and my patients. i trust all of my eye care to dr. boxer wachler.”  ursula andress actress - first "bond girl" - ck patient“absolutely wonderful experience! i saw everything the next morning. dr. brian was lovely, so very good. i will send all my friends in need to only him – he is the greatest.”  stu lantz announcer - los angeles lakers - lasik patient“i probably need lots of your business cards to give to all of the people who will be asking who to go to for the procedure!”  dimitri patterson nfl football player / cleveland browns - whiter eyes® patient“dr. brian was very thorough in his explanation of the process and procedure, which made me feel extremely comfortable.”  dr. richard nepomuceno, md refractive surgeon - lasik patient“i could have had my lasik done by virtually any surgeon in the world. i chose dr. brian to perform it not only because he is the best…but because he genuinely cares.”  kenneth steinsapir, md eye surgeon“dr. brian is without question one of the top refractive and anterior segment surgeons in the country.”most popular proceduresfor well over 20 years, the boxer wachler vision institute has been committed to improving the quality, care and vision of those suffering from vision problems. we help patients in southern california, outside states and other countries with: whiter eyes®, visian icl®, fortified ck™ and fortified lasik® procedures.  holcomb c3-r® keratoconuscan strengthen the weak corneal structure and prevent cornea transplants.holcomb c3-r® keratoconus  intacs® for keratoconusintacs® are micro-thin inserts which can improve your quality of vision.intacs® for keratoconus  ck™ for keratoconusfortified conductive keratoplasty (ck)™ for keratoconus.ck™ for keratoconus  visian icl™1-step ultrasound-guided visian icl™ is removable and provides “hd vision”.visian icl™  dry eye treatmentthe #1 cause of dry eyes is inflammation in your eyelid oil glands.dry eye treatment  whitereyes®treats brown spots, bloodshot, and yellowing of the eyes.whitereyes®  pterygium removalthis procedure can reduce the lumps/growths on the whites of the eyes.pterygium removal  pinguecula removalthis procedure can help you reduce the lumps or growths over the inner whites of the eyes.pinguecula removal  fortified lasik®gives you freedom from contact lenses and glasses.fortified lasik®  fortified ck™for better up-close vision and no more reading glasses.fortified ck™  cataract surgeryadvanced procedure designed to improve your ability to see without bifocals and/or reading glasses.cataract surgery  prkprk (photorefractive keratectomy) is a laser vision correction procedure.prkvision correction proceduresfor well over 20 years, the boxer wachler vision institute has been committed to improving the quality, care and vision of those suffering from vision problems. we help patients in southern california, outside states and other countries with: whiter eyes®, visian icl®, fortified ck™ and fortified lasik® procedures.yes, we are open! to schedule with dr. brian,  call 424-274-0958, text 424-245-0171 or email info@boxerwachler.com 424-274-0958why people say: you must go to see dr. brian one of dr. brian’s special qualities is that although he sees patients from all “walks of life” (famous and non-famous), dr. brian is described as one of the most “down to earth” doctors people have met. everyone receives the same high quality of care regardless if you are a famous celebrity or a manual laborer in the field. he has a special empathy for all people who have eye problems and his career mission is to help everyone who needs him.   corrine olympios “i feel so great, i can’t thank dr. brian enough, my vision is saved.”   ace family “i was terrified! but dr. brian and his incredible staff made everything so easy!”   tom sandoval “today i woke up and my vision was better than when i wore contacts.”   wendy raquel robinson “i have absolutely no regrets about the procedure!”   dr. travis stork “thank you dr. brian for being our re-occurring guest expert on the doctor’s tv show.”   apl.de.ap “this morning, i woke up and i didn’t have to change my contacts.”   ali landry “i was amazed at how refreshed my eyes felt and appeared.”   tommy pham “it makes you feel very comfortable knowing your eyes will be stable from keratoconus.”yes, we are open! to schedule with dr. brian,  call 424-274-0958, text 424-245-0171 or email info@boxerwachler.com 424-274-0958fly in for your procedure here at the boxer wachler vision institute, 58% of our patients come from out of town (including out of state and out of country). many patients (domestically and internationally) - have found dr. brian's skills, patient care and state-of-the-art facilities to be worth the trip.  it's an easy 3 day visit to beverly hills. nutrition for optimal eye health  posted in eye health   by dr. brian   on  november 15, 2024 at boxer wachler vision institute, we believe that eye health is not just about regular checkups and vision correction procedures. what you eat plays a  read more    key glaucoma facts everyone should know  posted in glaucoma   by dr. brian   on  october 16, 2024 glaucoma is a serious eye condition that can lead to irreversible vision loss if left untreated. it’s often referred to as the “silent thief of  read more    change the color of your eyes instantly with coloreyes  posted in eye color change   by dr. brian   on  september 16, 2024 are you looking for a safe and effective way to change the color of your eyes? at the boxer wachler vision institute in beverly hills,  read more   yes, we are open! to schedule with dr. brian,  call 424-274-0958, text 424-245-0171 or email info@boxerwachler.com 424-274-0958boxer wachler vision instituteroxsan medical building, ninth floor465 n. roxbury drive, suite 902beverly hills, ca 90210telephone: 310.860.1900text: 424.245.0171email:info@boxerwachler.comfax: 310.860.1902if you are arriving from outside the city of beverly hills, the state of california or even the united states to visit our institute, let us know and we would be happy to help with coordinating your visit, including providing a list of nearby hotels, restaurants, and activities. remember, in most cases the exams and treatment can be performed in an “easy, three-day trip!” click here to learn more about traveling for treatments. boxer wachler vision institute   vision correction in los angeles     vision correction in los angeles1/a>2345678read our reviews:view our location:take a virtual tour: copyright ©  2025 boxer wachler vision institute. all rights reserved. 465 n. roxbury dr, suite 902, beverly hills, ca 90210. call: 424.274.0958 or text: 424.245.0171homedr. brianwhitereyes® conjunctivoplasty in los angelesfortified ck™fortified lasik in los angelescontact us/make an appointmentsitemap    wordpress popup plugin free   close    close    close   ×                    