








big cove whitetails | trophy class deer | pennsylvania high-fence hunts

















































 





skip to content








(814) 386-1415 — wtrinfo@trophyclassdeer.com















follow us on facebook 





































 
book a hunt
hunting area
hunting lodge
gallery
contact
 





 

 × book a hunt
hunting area
hunting lodge
gallery
contact
 


















book now (814) 386-1415










 






















trophy whitetail hunts in southern pennsylvania 
book the hunt of a lifetime with whitetail ridge, located in beautiful huntingdon, pennsylvania. we're the east coast's premiere high-fence hunting destination.



book your hunt


 
 






















welcome to whitetail ridge 
this is the place to find that big trophy-class whitetail deer you’ve always dreamed of. whitetail ridge has been a family-owned and operated hunting ranch since 1989, with a goal to give you, our client, nothing but the best. our heard management and genetic development programs have allowed us to produce and offer some of the biggest and best whitetail hunting in north america.
 
 
















 




trophy class whitetail hunts  











 




breathtaking hunting property  











 




world class accomodations  











 




family owned and operated  



















explore our prestigious whitetail habitat 
we pride ourselves in maintaining one of the nicest hunting reserves in the state of pennsylvania—full of rolling hills, streams, swamps, and fields.



view our property


 
 






































































hunting with us 
when hunting at whitetail ridge you will be personally guided by an experienced guide. we offer five different classes of hunts ranging from 150″ to 300″ plus, based on gross antler score of the deer. only a limited number of hunts, in each class, are offered each season, which keeps our success rate very high. all of our hunts are one-three days and are all-inclusive – “no hidden costs”. during your hunt, you will have the opportunity to hunt with your choice of box, crossbow rifle, pistol, or muzzleloader.



view the gallery


 
 



















a herigate of hunting 
whitetail ridge is a family-owned and operated business founded in 1989. run by brothers dave and rick griffith, when you hunt here, you hunt with us. when you call here, you talk to us. we're looking forward to chatting with you!
 
 









 

 








watch the video

































our story 
my brother rick and i grew up in a close hunting family. we both started working for our dad at a young age, helping him build his business toward retirement. what came with that were long days, hard work, and hunting camp. we were taught the value of a hard day’s work and your customer always comes first. i am sure you can relate to that.
what came with hard work was also the reward, going to hunting camp to chase whitetail deer. it was the best of times. the outdoors, the stories around the fire, and the anticipation to see if you were the one that would carry the bragging rights for bagging the biggest buck. we grew up understanding what a really good hunting experience should be and that is why over 25 years ago we built whitetail ridge trophy deer ranch.
we offer two and three-day all-inclusive whitetail deer hunts on our private, high-fenced ranch customized for you and your hunting party.



contact us


 
 









 




















 




 


as you know i have hunted some of the best-known places in north america for whitetails. but in my opinion, you have set a new standard for other operations to follow. you have raised the bar. 

kieth r. warren 
									tv host								





 




 


thank ya’ll so much for the wonderful time my family and i had…it will never be forgotten. i know ya’ll have many hunters in and out of here, but i hope ya’ll will remember us as much and as personally as we will always remember you! 

mickalah 
									the buck slayer								





 




 


after five long years of hunting, it was amazing to finally harvest my first buck at whitetail ridge. all the amenities were superb and your staff was friendly and professional. special thanks goes out to my guide dustin, who helped me reach my goal of a lifetime. 

carey s. bernstein 
									esq.								





 




 


never in my remaining hunting years will i have the chance to see as many outstanding whitetails as i did at whitetail ridge, let alone harvest three in as many days… 

peter g. 
									satisfied hunter								


























family owned and operated since 1989



















 




(814) 386-1415  











 




10212 whitetail ridge drive huntingdon, pa 16652  











 




wtrinfo@trophyclassdeer.com  

















©2025 high fence deer hunting pennsylvania. all rights reserved.









 





















