





the british-israel-world federation

















the british-israel-world federation

the continuing kingdom -
the kingdom message alone can save the nations


121 low etherley
        bishop auckland
        dl14 0ha
        co durham, uk
        tel:  +44 (0) 1388 834395

 

home page
about biwf

history
beliefs
membership
national bible college


viewpoint

current affairs

life in the biwf


events


the burnside orange hall
morecambe spring rally


media
covenant nations
national faith
newsletter

video archive


other biwfs
online bookstore

visit covenant publishing
classic series

contact us

 



the king sends his congratulations to president d. trump on his inauguration today.





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 








 as an educational society, the federation sets forth the central theme of the whole bible. it proclaims both the gospel of salvation and the gospel of the kingdom, as taught by our lord himself. these two aspects of the christian faith are complementary parts of the whole counsel of god.
while we never fail to present the lord jesus as the saviour of the world, we also proclaim him as the redeemer of the lost sheep of the house of israel; and in doing so, bear witness to the continuity of god’s servant nation,
we are at a very crucial point in our island history. the nation under god is a difficult concept for the present generation who have never been taught that they have a great and unique birthright.

highlights





the covenant publishing company ltd
an extensive range of books and media for you to browse and purchase online.





covenant nations magazine
view our covenant nations publication online in pdf format here.




the british-israel-world-federation newsletter
available to view online in pdf format.





the national bible college
find out more about the national bible college, the course prospectus and how to enrol.


morecambe spring rally
the auckland hotel, 312/3/4/5 marine road, la4 5aa, morecambe
 -  click here for details


online bookstore



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  there is an extensive range of products for you to browse and purchase online at the covenant publishing company ltd online book store. 
click on  any of the books above to find out more!

new releases

message of the minor prophets - now available
 



 
an updated version of the 1951 1st edition. - each one of the 12 books of the minor prophets has a stirring message for our day and generation, and amply repays careful and prayerful study.
click here for more information and to buy!


royal house of britain an enduring dynasty + chart - now available
 



 
new 16th prestige edition
an a4, soft back presentation, with new colour illustrations, of the genealogy of our royal family; includes a separate detailed black and white chart, tracing our throne back to king david of israel and beyond.

click here for more information and to buy!




search the site



search for:







current affairs

browse our latest online articles or click here to browse our archives.

canada is turning against trudeau over immigration.
free royal portraits for schools
the eu shift to the right continues..
argentina, a case-study in economic failure.
article archive



life in the biwf



life in the biwf - june 2022
life in the biwf - august 2021
life in the biwf - march 2020
life in the biwf - may 2019
archive


a special alert to the covenant nations



the covenant nations - a natural union


the integrity of british culture & faith must be conserved


biwf daily readings 2025









donate and support




















content on this page requires a newer version of adobe flash player.







for more information and to donate towards our various outreach projects please click here





                    can you see the
                    sign of the fish?
 
                    the vision is great and
so is the god of jacob




the internet pulpit

 


 
biblical truth lighting the darkness
                    


 









founded in 1919 • registered charity no. 208079

designed by maybury it


