












polyvagal equine institute (pvei) | the home of polyvagal equine theory and the horse-human connection




























































 
 



























 



0 items
 














about
learn

pvei’s newest book (2024)
book: polyvagal principles
word of the week
blog


workshops
zoom groups
digital courses
contact
login

forgot password?
login


membership
 






select page



  

















pvei’s new book, now available in digital and print!



buy now!







polyvagal equine institute, not just for trauma





we all deserve to feel safe and connected, and horses can help us get there. in a fractured world where many of us feel isolated, disconnected and lacking a sense of safety, growth, healing and restoration can feel out of reach. this makes it near impossible to access compassion, kindness, and flexible thinking.
polyvagal equine institute offers in-person and virtual workshops, trainings and interventions that help us get unstuck from old patterns, think flexibly, and have effective communication with compassion and kindness.

our mission











pvei premium

experience the best of pvei with premium-member only access.

learn more








full fundamentals course






barn chat interviews








horse behavior library






and so much more!











what it’s all about





the pvei book




get your copyattend free live discussion







join the herd








digital courses
new to the field or simply want to know more? these self-paced courses will put the “giddy-up!” in your step.catalog








zoom groups
want to connect with dr. bailey and other passionate equine lovers? space is extremely limited.
availability








workshops
from new hand to seasoned veteran, our fun and engaging workshops are sure to teach you something new.schedule








our modality
cft® is our proprietary, multidisciplinary modality designed to empower individuals.learn more









the polyvagal equine institute newsletterwant to get the latest polyvagal equine institute news and be the first to know about new workshops and training? join for periodic updates now!




success!



first name



last name



email





join now












 





 
 
 




designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress













 



 








































