















home - gardenside ltd.



























































 





























gardenside ltd.
premium teak furniture









productsteak carecontact usabout us

















productsteak carecontact usabout us











home






 
welcome to gardenside!
 

gardenside is one of the teak furniture companies leading in the world. our company was established 30 years since 1993. our services include the whole process, starting from design, manufacturing, and distributing our own furniture, enabling us to provide value, best service, and premium quality to our customers. to ensure the finest product possible, we focus exclusively on teak furniture.








productscontact 
dn table 13064004_seadrift_chaise_blu3010_monterey_dining_chair0112612_summerhill_bench131608_rosevale_table_ivy1320_capri_table11308_1304_restaurant1006-shelby-coffee-table 






our latest products




 
			accessories (7) 


 
			armchairs (3) 


 
			benches (20) 


 
			chairs (5) 


 
			coffee tables (8) 


 
			litter containers (5) 


 
			planters (5) 


 
			tables (14) 


browse products









about our teak furniture
teak is considered to be without equal for the manufacture of garden furniture. its exceptional durability, attractive appearance, and weather resistant qualities were well known to ship builders centuries ago. in fact, some of the first teak garden benches were handcrafted using salvaged teak decking from old vessels. teak will not rot or warp even when exposed to extreme climates, and due to its dense grain and high oil content, garden furniture made of teak is virtually maintenance-free.
season after season, your furniture can be left outdoors with no special maintenance and no need to apply oil or a preservative. in time, your teak furniture will tum into the beautiful silvery-grey patina which gives this furniture its aesthetic appeal. for cleaning stains, we recommend using a soft brush and a cleaning solution of water and a small amount of soap.
if you prefer, your furniture may be oiled to retain its original color. in this case, once your furniture has been oiled, it will need a light sanding before applying new applications of teak oil yearly. you may notice dark or light variances in the color of the wood. this is normal in teak wood. as your furniture weathers, the wood grain color will become uniform.
we have treated the areas of our furniture that are cut across the grain with a protective lacquer to reduce the natural process of checking. checking is the opening of the grain as a result of changes in temperature and humidity and will not affect the structural integrity or strength of the furniture. the lacquer will wear off in time you prefer, it can be removed with fine sandpaper.
if you have any questions, please contact us at (415) 455-4500.










about store
our mission is to offer you the best selection ofnordic design, whether well-established orup-and-coming.
© 2024 gardenside. all rights reserved.





navigate
productsteak carecontact usabout us






this is a demo store for testing purposes — no orders shall be fulfilled. dismiss 
















