



cancer diagnosis program
















skip to content
























home | sitemap | contact cdp



search this site










home
about cdp

mission statement and branches
staff directory
office of the associate director (oad)
biorepositories and biospecimen research branch (bbrb)
diagnostic biomarkers and technology branch  (dbtb)
diagnostics evaluation branch (deb)
pathology investigation and resources branch  (pirb)


scientific programs

precision medicine trials
mocha lab
exceptional responders
cimac-cidc
strategic partnering to evaluate cancer signatures (specs)

overview
specs projects


tailorx


funding opportunities

current funding opportunities
complete list of cancer diagnosis program initiatives
p01 program development guidance
additional funding opportunities and useful tools


resources

templates for clinical assay development
assay harmonization resources
technology development resources
diagnostics research and development resources
human specimen resources
ethical, legal and social implications of biobanking in cancer research


news and publications

news
publications


recommendations






























funding opportunities
gtex biobank
nctn navigator
clinical trial applications





welcome to the cancer diagnosis program!
the cancer diagnosis program strives to improve the diagnosis and assessment of cancer by effectively moving new scientific knowledge into clinical practice. this national program stimulates, coordinates and funds resources and research for the development of innovative in vitro diagnostics, novel diagnostic technologies and appropriate human specimens in order to better characterize cancers and allow improved medical decision making and evaluation of response to treatment.
for more information about the cancer diagnosis program and its branches, please click here.


news and announcements


10/2024
registration is now open for the transformative microsystem technologies for cancer diagnostics, monitoring treatment response, and management workshop, taking place virtually on february 5-6, 2025. view the agenda and register for the workshop on the event website here.


02/2024
summary and recordings from the march 2024 nci workshop on digital pathology imaging (dpi) in cancer clinical trials and research are now available here.


07/2023
summary and recordings from the september 2023 nci workshop on ctdna in cancer treatment and clinical care are now available here.


01/2023
guidance for investigators interested in p01 funding for dctd research areas is now available here.


06/2022
visit this page to see the schedule of cdp and other dctd programs presentations at 2022 asco.




04/2022
click here to see a list of presentations by cdp and other dctd programs at 2022 aacr.


03/2022
cdp’s dr. magdalena thurin participated in asco/cap immune checkpoint inhibitor (ici) predictive factor virtual summit in september 2021; slides and recordings are now available here. 



11/2021
in september, nci hosted the fda/nih next generation sequencing and radiomics workshop: resource requirements for acceleration of clinical applications including artificial intelligence.


10/2021
cdp's dr. brian sorg is involved in a cross-agency collaboration with nasa, fda, nih, and hhs's barda that could lead to unprecedented advancements personalized medicine by extending the life of tissue chips.


09/2021
dr. lyndsay harris, associate director of the cdp, commemorates the 50th  anniversary of the national cancer act with a staff highlight in the dctd newsletter on the evolution of cancer biomarkers, diagnostics, and  where research is headed.






quick links
p01 program development guidance
nci covid-19 research initiatives
the nci grants process
templates for clinical assay development
biorepositories and biospecimen research branch
“omics” checklist — criteria for use of omics-based predictors in clinical trials
ethical, legal and social implications of biobanking in cancer research
nci-match/eay131

reporting recommendations for tumor marker prognostic studies (remark)


stay connected
 sign up for email updates
 follow us on twitter
 contact us










cdp home
contact cdp
site map
accessibility
disclaimer
foia
privacy & security
hhs vulnerability disclosure


u.s. department of health and human services
national institutes of health
national cancer institute
usa.gov

nih… turning discovery into health®








