      what saith the scripture?   




































































































home
page > what saith the scripture?






























  tips for using whatsaiththescripture.com ---new window     what saith the scripture (wsts)			section descriptions     holy_bible kjv audio bible			by stephen johnston,			gunn's topical bible,			revelation commentary,			clavis biblica			by adam clarke,			& more.   jehovah_jesus jehovah jesus desktop			wallpaper, articles by tom			and katie stewart,			christian baby names, why			call him jehovah jesus?			& more.   timeline the big chart of			tribulation week			events with			timeline index.			babylon the great,			tribulation timeline,			& apocalypse series.   prophecy understanding god's			purpose & plan for 			mankind in his 			judgment upon our world 			during these final years.			articles by			tom stewart.   philadelphia featuring an extensive			library of books & sermons			by finney, spurgeon, murray,			moody, edwards, wylie,			sir robert anderson			& many others.     fellowship "from the			editor's desktop,"			"what the bible			says about..."			and many articles			on biblical doctrine.   promises lists of god's promises			given to his children,			providing them			with the ability			to walk faithfully			& victoriously.   stories edifying scenarios. 			christian stories			for the last days.			some are prophetic			& all are scriptural.   poetry filling our hearts			& minds with edification 			that prepares us 			for the future here, 			& glory above.   download_page pdf text only editions, suitable for			downloading, viewing, searching &			printing offline. hundreds of sermons,			books, & articles written by			a score of authors.     purpose ||.what's_new || tribulation_topics || today's_entry topical links: salvation || catholicism || sound_doctrine || prayer    are you ready? jesus is  jesus christ is almosthere. he is even at the door.jesus said, "if a man love me, he willkeep my words" (john14:23). love him with all your heart, mind, and soul. "the end of all things is at hand:be ye therefore sober, and watch unto prayer" (1 peter 4:7).  "let the heavens rejoice, and let theearth be glad; let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof... for he cometh,for he cometh to judge the earth: he shall judge the world with righteousness, andthe people with his truth" (psalm 96:11,13).  "when the lord hastens, his speedis glorious."a daily devotional by spurgeon  to be readyfor hisreturn:  you mustpresently, willfully and actively be trusting the lord jesus christ, and him only,for everything pertaining to this life and the life hereafter.  "jesus saith unto him, i am the way, the truth,	and the life: no man cometh unto the father, but by me" (john 14:6).  you mustpresently, willfully and actively be free from sinning.  "if i regard iniquity in my heart, the lord will not	hear me" (psalm 66:18).  "then shall they call upon me, but i will not	answer; they shall seek me early, but they shall not find me" (proverbs 1:28).  "he that turneth away his ear from hearing	the law, even his prayer shall be abomination" (proverbs 28:9).  "and when ye spread forth your hands, i will hide	mine eyes from you: yea, when ye make many prayers, i will not hear: your	hands are full of blood" (isaiah. 1:15).  "if we confess our sins, he is faithful and	just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness" (1john 1:9).  "he that covereth his sins shall not prosper:	but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall have mercy" (proverbs 28:13).  you mustpresently, willfully and actively believe that he will keep you from sinning.  "he will turn again, he will have compassion	upon us; he will subdue our iniquities" (micah 7:19).  "for it is god which worketh in you both to	will and to do of his good pleasure" (philippians	2:13).  "for this purpose the son of god was manifested, that	he might destroy the works of the devil" (1john	3:8).  "and ye know that he was manifested to take away	our sins; and in him is no sin" (1john	3:5).  the test of knowingif your "love" for him is self-deceived or real, can be conclusively provedby scripture. if you love him-- you will obey him. if you will not obey him-- youdo not love him.  "if ye love me, keep my commandments" (john 14:15).  "and hereby we do know that we know	him, if we keep his commandments" (1john	2:3).  "but whoso keepeth his word, in him verily is the	love of god perfected: hereby know we that we are in him" (1john 2:5).  "jesus answered and said unto him, if a man love	me, he will keep my words" (john 14:23).  "if ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide	in my love" (john	15:10).  "for this is the love of god, that we keep	his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous" [literally, not burdensome] (1john 5:3).   claim promises that the lord would help youto "keep yourselves in the love of god, lookingfor the mercy of our lord jesus christ unto eternal life" (jude 21),such as, "the god of peace, that brought again from thedead our lord jesus, that great shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant, make you perfect in every good work to do his will,  working in you that which is wellpleasing in his sight, through jesus christ;to whom be glory for ever and ever. amen" (hebrews 13:20-21).and "unto him that is able to keep you from falling,and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceedingjoy,to the only wise god our saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and for ever. amen" (jude 24, 25).   behold, i come quickly by tom stewart "from the editor's desktop" ---new window "behold, i come quickly: hold that fastwhich thou hast, that no man take thy crown" (revelation3:11). to our best understanding, the apostle john-- our "brother,and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of jesus christ" (1:9)-- penned these words by inspiration in 96 ad. now, somemay say that the apocalypse was not intended to fix an idea of the timing of endtimeevents, i.e., "we should not set dates or become convinced that we will seethe coming of the lord in our lifetime, for we open ourselves to bitterness, disappointment,and the ridicule of skeptics." but, none other than the lord himselfmade the immutable promise-- "i come quickly"--four separate times (3:11; 22:7,12,20) in the book of revelation. why would the spirit of truth (john 14:17) seemingly misleadus with the idea that the lord jesus is returning quickly, or that the "timeis at hand" (revelation 1:3), if that return wouldnot be for more than 1,900 years? perhaps, some may feel forced to conclude thatthe son of god was only using divine metaphors-- comparing his sense of quicknesswith eternity-- which is true-- but the creator knows better than anyone how hislittle children would react to such inflammatory language as, "icome quickly" or "the time is at hand"."for he knoweth our frame; he remembereth that we aredust" (psalm 103:14). "don't let go!" "hang on!" "holdthat fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown" (revelation3:11). these are the words of exhortation that accompany philadelphia's promiseof our lord's soon return. if we look at the context of this first apocalyptic appearanceof "i come quickly" (3:11),we will find that the lord jesus christ had just finished promising to thechurch of philadelphia that he would deliver them from the hour of temptation. "because thou hast kept the word of my patience, ialso will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all theworld, to try them that dwell upon the earth" (3:10).certainly, that assembly of believers in 1st century asia minor had been given areal promise for their own deliverance; but, is not this promise of deliverancethe property of the saints throughout the ages? "thentouched he their eyes, saying, according to your faith be it unto you" (matthew 9:29). and, if god has given you the faith to believethat he has promised you a pre-tribulational rapture-- "watchye therefore, and pray always, that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all thesethings that shall come to pass, and to stand before the son of man" (luke 21:36)-- then, hold fast to your faith until he fulfills hisword. so, when you are tempted to give up your faith, be encouraged that themaster said, "i come quickly". the opposite of letting go of our confidence of what we find revealed in the revelation,is to faithfully keep those "sayings"--and our confidence. "behold, i come quickly: blessedis he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book" (revelation 22:7). if we are the just, then we should live byour confidence in what god has said. "now the justshall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasurein him" (hebrews 10:38). keeping the "sayingsof the prophecy of this book" (revelation 22:7)may mean that you must "become a fool" (2corinthians 12:11) in the eyes of the world for declaring yourconfidence in what the comforter has revealed to you concerning "thingsto come" (john 16:13). but surely, keeping the"sayings of the prophecy of this book" (revelation 22:7) means to order your decisions and life so thatthey are consistent with what you understand. "butthat on the good ground are they, which in an honest and good heart, having heardthe word, keep it, and bring forth fruit with patience" (luke 8:15). the lord jesus christ is both our reward and our rewarder. "and,behold, i come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according ashis work shall be" (revelation 22:12). thethird incentive for our lord coming quickly, is that he will reward us accordingto our works. what a confusion we have made of the word "works"! if thespirit of god could only teach his people the concept of a "faithwhich worketh by love" (galatians 5:6), we wouldclose this church age with the "greater works" (john 14:12) promised by the lord jesus for his people. (and,he will accomplish his word, but maybe not in the way expected.) "andi will bring the blind by a way that they knew not; i will lead them in paths thatthey have not known: i will make darkness light before them, and crooked things straight.these things will i do unto them, and not forsake them" (isaiah42:16). finally, the second to the last verse of the entire bible is, "hewhich testifieth these things saith, surely i come quickly" (revelation22:20). as if to ensure that we would consider all of his wordand revelation to apply to our individual situation, he concludes the newtestament with the encouragement that he is coming quickly. if we truly love thelord, we will "keep the sayings" (22:7) of not only the revelation, but of "everyword that proceedeth out of the mouth of god" (matthew4:4). just as the lord jesus laid down his life for us, we ought toreturn that love by tenaciously clinging to him in faith with his promise,"behold, i come quickly". we are the "children of god" (matthew 5:9),and we have the same question that a small child asks a parent on a long trip, "arewe there yet?" the patient reply is, "soon. not much longer." likewise,our lord comforts and encourages us with his promise, "icome quickly".  "amen. even so, come, lord jesus" (revelation 22:20).  "for better it is that it be said unto thee,come up hither"  (proverbs 25:7).   serving the web since 1997      also visit: altogether lovely			wallpaper  (christian wallpaper and jesus wallpaper) ---new			window      to report broken links or other problems related to this site,please contact the .  



















			.
homepage  holy bible
 .jehovah jesus
  timeline  .prophecy  philadelphia  fellowship  promises  stories  poetry  links

purpose ||.what's new
 || tribulation topics || download page || today's entry
topical links:
			salvation || catholicism || sound doctrine || prayer
privacy policy
			.




















 