





small business insurance | markel












































log in to markel






                                        customer
                                    






                                        us broker agent
                                    










                                                            us customer login
                                                        

                                                            log in to make a payment, view policy documents, download proof of insurance, change your communication and billing preferences, and more.
                                                        
log in
                                                        












                                                            mportal
                                                        

                                                            log in to access admitted lines for workers compensation, business owners, miscellaneous errors and omissions, accident medical, general liability, commercial property, farm property, and equine mortality.
                                                        
log in to mportal
                                                        

register for access to mportal
                                                        



                                                            markel online
                                                        

                                                            log in to access non-admitted lines for contract binding property & casualty, excess, and commercial pollution liability.
                                                        
log in to markel online
                                                        

register for access to markel online
                                                        



                                                            magic personal lines portal
                                                        

                                                            log in to access personal lines products including marine, specialty personal property, powersports, bicycle, and event insurance.
                                                        
log in to magic
                                                        

register a new magic user for an already authorized agent
                                                        



                                                            markel surety
                                                        

                                                            log in to access markel's surety products.
                                                        
log in to surety agent portal
                                                        

get appointed
                                                        
























the following text field filters the results that follow as you type.







suggested


load more














            skip to main content
        







menu










search








close menu







us and bermuda offerings 










                                                back to business insurance
                                            




                                    small business
                                





                                                    accident medical
                                                










                                                    commercial package policy
                                                










                                                    small business casualty and property insurance
                                                










                                                    workers compensation
                                                












international offerings











global reinsurance











nephila











state national











claims











insights and resources











about us


















quick links:

claims
careers
investors
news and press







contact





search





login





quick links:


claims


careers


investors


news and press













us and bermuda offerings


business insurance


small business





small business insurance 











your business is our specialty. we focus on creating custom insurance solutions so that you can focus on what you do best.



we can help you protect your business with a variety of coverage options including workers compensation, liability insurance, property insurance, and other commercial coverages.
with over 70 years of experience and knowledge of niche markets, we understand the unique needs of the industries we serve and offer tailored coverages to help meet those needs.

 







small business products 









accident medical                    
 
accident medical insurance can cover medical bills if someone is injured at your business or during activities you sponsor and have no insurance of their own, or their bills exceed what their insurance pays.










commercial package policy                    
 
whether you own a child care center or pest control operation, our specialty commercial package policies can help provide tailored coverages for your business.













workers compensation                    
 
helps protects you if an employee is injured or develops a work-related illness during the course of employment. offered as a stand-alone policy or available on many of our commercial package policies.










small business casualty and property                    
 
we offer flexible excess and surplus insurance solutions for a wide range of small business risks. backed by industry-leading technology and dedicated underwriters, we’re here to meet your unique needs.





 






types of companies

customizable insurance solutions designed for your unique business.

 explore our industry specializations to learn about the affordable insurance protection we can offer you and your business. 













child care and enrichment 

we offer coverage for in-home or commercial child care centers, as well as other education-related facilities like tutoring centers.


child care and enrichment
        








commercial and residential services 

we provide a variety of affordable insurance solutions designed for commercial or residential service businesses, such as contractors, lawn care, janitorial, or pest control operations.


commercial and residential services
        








sports and fitness 

insurance coverage for covered property and liability claims for martial arts, dance, gymnastics, health clubs and other related businesses. 


sports and fitness
        





 







testimonials hear from customers about their experience working with markel. 
 











previous slide



next slide
















"coverage is amazing. i am always able to speak to someone and help explain what i need, and why. and when covid-19 shutdowns began markel was there for me and my company and i could not have asked for more."































"markel has offered me affordable coverage for my small business and has always met or exceeded my expectations regarding communication."
 































"markel has solutions for many hard to insure exposures."
 
 





























connect with us



we’re here for you when you need us most. 


 

contact us 

we can answer your questions, whether you're a customer or an agent.








 







additional services and insights 
 














managing high injury rates for new and inexperienced workers



according to the us bureau of labor statistics, more than one-third of work-related, nonfatal injuries occur in employees who have been on the job less than a year.





                            read more
                            













new york labor law – the triad and the triumvirate



when it comes to handling claims under the new york labor law, claims specialists are presented with unique challenges.





                            read more
                            







 














claims



find a sense of comfort knowing you have a team aiming to work in your best interest to help you get the most from your insurance protection.





                            learn more
                            













risk solution services



we help guide you through the maze of risks with customized solutions designed specifically for your needs.





                            learn more
                            













company responsibility



our dedication to a responsible, sustainable approach consistently reflects the guidance of our company compass, the markel style.





                            learn more
                            







 
















                insurance offerings
            





us and bermuda offerings






international offerings






global reinsurance






nephila
external link







state national
external link









                about us
            





careers






news and press






financial strength








                contact us
            





report a claim






our locations






search and apply for jobs




























x



linkedin



instagram



facebook










privacy policy


legal notices and terms of use


cookie statement


state emergency orders


our insurance companies


modern slavery statement


suppliers


accessibility statement


unclaimed property


north america producer compensation disclosure


international disclosures


international customer complaints


fraud warnings




                            © markel group inc. all rights reserved 2025
                        














