








front page - mercora


















































            skip to content        





















mercora
























front page
blog
contact
privacy policy





























mercora











front page
blog
contact
privacy policy















































































big meeting of music industry players




 join us today
 learn more










 



















3,750 people




who will attend the events



 learn more











14 clubs




from around the world



 learn more











150 artists




have already been announced in the festival program



 learn more











25 speakers




will share their algorithm for achieving great musical heights



 learn more























facts




the festival has already announced 150 artists who will represent every possible style of electronic music in 14 venues.




the organizers also finalized the conference program, which for many years has been bringing together music artists from all over the world under one roof, as well as inspiring the younger generation. as before, all aspects of the music
business will be discussed here: modern sound, start-ups, djing, production, visual effects, etc.



 join us now














































































this one of the things we do best




over the past two decades, the mercora – music business meetup has become a world-renowned platform for international dance and electronic music. the festival is the perfect place to learn about new trends, find the “right” acquaintances
for music figures or just meet your idol and party at the top parties for clubbers.



 learn more


















25 speakers from around the world




our speakers will talk about their work and share the algorithm for achieving great musical heights. it is worth noting that the total number of speakers represented on the official website has reached the mark of 25 people, so mercora
is considered to be an educational festival as well. this is especially true for djs, vjs, producers and music managers.



 learn more







































a cool project



 check it out





















a cool project



 check it out





















a cool project



 check it out










































join us. it will only take a minute.









 get started today


















our speakers




some of the notable speakers include vincenza kuvalis (ryan), nash kiehn (wunsch), brooks murazik (emmerich) and tierra koss (boehm).
































vincenza kuvalis




ryan























































nash kiehn




wunsch























































brooks murazik




emmerich























































tierra koss




boehm













































we are supported by

















explore the world of online gaming with an exclusive 200 kr gratis bonus at one of norway’s premier casinos, waiting for you at https://norskecasinoportal.com/200-kr-gratis-casino/



big prizes await at kazino azerbaycan! join the excitement and play your favourite slots now. click here to begin!



setting up a precious metals ira can provide financial security by protecting your savings against market volatility and inflation. it allows you to diversify your retirement portfolio with assets like gold and silver.



among the rising stars in the online casino world, mystake casino stands out due to its blend of an impressive game library and user-friendly interface.





are they struggling to meet deadlines or understand complex topics? our expert tutors are here to provide you with help with assignments across various subjects, ensuring you submit high-quality work on time.



if you have long been interested in the world of online casino and you do not know how to approach it, our reliable hungarian partner legjobbkaszino.hu will always be happy to help you and give you valid and proven tips.




nove casino provides expert reviews and ratings of the top online casinos in the czech republic. here you will find all the information you need for a successful game.



one of the partners of our meeting is philipp ganster from austria. he and his project oesterreichonlinecasino.at were very supportive of our initiative, thanks to such sponsors we continue to work.





uadates is a foreign dating site for chat, dating and marriage. free registration and 100% verified profiles. see all of them!



master english writing and editing with memoredaction – your trusted partner for professional language enhancement and academic excellence.





the best betting experience is provided for all online players



want to play the most popular slot game in south africa? spin and win online slot is here for you. try for free at casinohex and then gamble for real money.





 

 




 




 











230




projects










75,340




worked hours










25




speakers


















latest news




an event during which musicians, promoters, label staff, and other experts will share their experiences and knowledge. music business professionals will talk about starting or restarting a career, social media promotion, and much more.














   
 
     how music influences creativity and critical thinking in academic writingwriting a dissertation is a demanding intellectual task requiring a blend of […]   by emmett reilly   read more…
   
 
     the role of music in everyday life: from relaxation to productivitymusic is a universal companion in daily life, seamlessly weaving its way […]   by emmett reilly   read more…
   
 
     from beats to bets: how music festivals and online lotteries are shaping entertainmentintroduction: the evolution of entertainment entertainment has undergone a dramatic transformation over […]   by pjjhvzbzkcxr   read more…












 

 




 




 











do you still have questions?




let us know!













first name last name email subject your message submit form 








 




















© 2025 mercora. created for free using wordpress and
                    colibri

















