



asparagus recipes | more than 30 delicious asparagus recipes












asparagus recipes






asparagus is a delicious vegetable with a wide variety of uses. low in calories and a good source of many vitamins and minerals, asparagus is a great food as part of a healthy diet. we have lots of yummy recipes for asparagus listed below:


asparagus and chicken pasta
asparagus with walnut dressing
asparagus salad
avocado and asparagus salad
asparagus onion casserole
fettuccine with asparagus and ham
asparagus and crab quiche
asparagus in bacon with béchamel sauce
asparagus and leek soup
asparagus in wine
grilled beef and asparagus rolls
prosciutto-wrapped asparagus
fried asparagus
peking style asparagus
asparagus risotto
sesame asparagus
grilled mexican asparagus and cheese tacos
stir fried asparagus
fried asparagus in beer batter
roasted chickpeas and asparagus with mint
asparagus almandine
fresh asparagus soup
grilled asparagus with lemon cheese sauce
asparagus and bacon fondue
asparagus and shrimp risotto
asparagus feta frittata
asparagus quiche
cream of asparagus soup
asparagus shrimp salad
oriental asparagus and beef
asparagus leek soup with parmesan
lamb and asparagus
asparagus pasta salad
asparagus crab salad
asparagus bacon tart

more mouthwatering recipe collections:

banana recipes - this site boasts brilliant banana snacks and meals.
beef recipes - great ways to eat this tasty red meat.
carrot recipes - recipe collection for this mouthwatering root vegetable.
casserole recipes - inspiration for casserole cooking.
cheese recipes - high in protein and calcium.
cheesecake recipes - tasty cheese cake dessert recipes.
chocolate recipes - cool ways to enjoy chocolate.
easter recipes - fun treats to celebrate the christian festival of easter.
garlic recipes - said to ward off vampires, evil spirits and hunger.
lemon recipes - sharp citrus fruit.
mushroom recipes - high in protein and very tasty.
pancake recipes - enjoy pancakes hot or cold, sweet or savoury.
pasta recipes - versatile and interesting pasta dishes.
potato recipes - perfect potato recipe ideas.
salad recipes - fresh fruit and vegetables.
shrimp recipes - shrimps are splendid seafood, this site has the recipes.
soup recipes - super inspiration for soup.
sushi recipes - japanese cuisine usually made from rice and seafood.
turkey recipes - great ideas for how to cook your bird, in the holiday season or otherwise.
valentine recipes - show that special someone you really love them.

asparagus information:

asparagus is very low in fat and cholesterol; and a typical stalk is less than 4 calories.
white asparagus is produced by denying the plants light while they are growing.
the romans cultivated asparagus as far back as 200 b.c., eating it both in season and preserving for later consumption.

featured content
asparagus and chicken pasta recipeasparagus and chicken get a home-style italian makeover with a basil-wine sauce. served over pasta with parmesan cheese, it makes for a satisfying summer meal-in-a-bowl. average rating 4.25 stars based on 4 reviews.
asparagus with walnut dressing recipefresh asparagus gets tossed in a thick, nutty sauce for a lavish side dish. serve with warm meats and potatoes for a substantial meal. average rating 4.50 stars based on 2 reviews.
asparagus salad recipethis salad is full of healthy vegetables and summer flare. herb-packed mustard vinaigrette completes the recipe for a zippy, savory salad. pairs well with chicken, fish, and picnics.
avocado and asparagus salad recipecrispy and creamy, sweet and tangy, this salad will surprise you with its full flavor. experiment with whatever fresh herbs you have on hand for a new treat each time. average rating 5.00 stars based on 1 reviews.
asparagus onion casserole recipewhen you are craving something hearty and warm but not in the mood for stew, try this creamy asparagus casserole. the filling bakes up thick and cheesy, and a golden crisp topping makes for a bit of crunch in every soft bite. average rating 4.00 stars based on 2 reviews.
fettuccine with asparagus and ham recipethis rustic recipe takes you to old-world cuisine with a pasta that needs no thick jarred sauce. oil-sautéed garlic, asparagus, and ham are all it takes to fill your bowl with flavor and comfort. average rating 5.00 stars based on 1 reviews.
asparagus and crab quiche recipeforget the cost of going out for a fine dining brunch experience. this asparagus and crab quiche meets the expectations of any sunday afternoon culinary connoisseur. best when served warm, but also makes for great next-day leftovers. average rating 5.00 stars based on 2 reviews.
asparagus in bacon with béchamel sauce recipethe flavours of asparagus and bacon complement each other nicely, and the addition of a delicious gruyere cheese béchamel sauce completes this delicious meal. average rating 5.00 stars based on 1 reviews.
asparagus and leek soup recipealso known as vichyssoise, the french cream of asparagus soup gets a bit of sweetness from sautéed leeks. this soup is comforting and invigorating at the same time. average rating 4.00 stars based on 3 reviews.
asparagus in wine recipeit doesn't get much simpler than this. tender-crisp asparagus is  served with a luxurious butter-wine sauce, proving that an impressive recipe need not be complicated. average rating 4.00 stars based on 1 reviews.
recent comments:
review for asparagus with walnut dressing by linda:my husband and i loved this. something different, instead of always grilling. don't add extra salt to boiling h2o. the soy sauce is enough.
review for asparagus and chicken pasta by michele:made this tonight... my husband gave it an 8 out of 10 and my daughters ate it up!  i added more asparagus and used 1/3 cup wine.  yummy recipe!
review for asparagus and chicken pasta by jack:i've made a lot of the recipes on asparagusrecipes.net and this is one of my favorites! definite 5 stars and will be making again and again.

i used fresh basil chopped with a hachoir.
review for asparagus and crab quiche by diane:just made this for dinner and it was delicious. will definitely make this again.
review for avocado and asparagus salad by chpaull:just wonderful!  used tarragon because i didn't have any cilantro in the garden.  added sliced grape tomatoes.  yum!  will make over & over again.











subscribe to our newsletter!get free recipes in your inbox!






			 
		




			© 2012 starsol ltd
		
privacy policypublished by starsol







