



real estate buzz





































skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






real estate buzz












home
products
services
clients
about
contact








saturday, december 11, 2010



the 3c company launches mega project ‘delhi one’ in noida





real estate company -the 3c company  launches mega project ‘delhi one’ in noida


real estate firm the 3c company, which is leading the green revolution in delhi-ncr region, has launched a mega mixed-use project christened ‘delhi one’ at sector, 16-b, noida. this mega project incorporating residential, commercial, retail and hospitality zones is spread across 12.5 acres. the company along with private equity firm red fort capital will develop this project which has an estimated sales value of rs 5,000 crores.

speaking about the launch of ‘delhi one’ project, vidur bharadwaj, director, the 3c company said, ‘delhi one’ is the epitome of the 3c company’s architectural excellence. the exceptional design leads to the seamless integration of the various verticals like residential, commercial, hospitality and retail into one stunning visual treat which is bound to change the way ncr has perceived. the architecture of ‘delhi one’, does not only marks the grand emergence of indian developments but also symbolises india’s transformation from third world country to a developed nation.”



launch ad of the 3c company in hindustan times



brijesh bhanote, senior vice president, the 3c company, added, “along the skin of delhi, right next to the dnd toll plaza, ‘delhi one’ is destined to change the way noida has been looked upon. the perfect incorporation of unmatched location, design and product mix is bound to make it the most sought-after destination. ‘delhi one’ marks the beginning of a golden era not only for the 3c company but also for the entire real estate.”

according to the company, ‘delhi one’ is envisaged as “the destination” for the privileged few. contemporary chic design and intimate interiors will be elemental to this refreshing retreat. it would feature terrace gardens, underground parking and helipad besides many other ultra-modern facilities. “defined as compact, mixed use, urban and a green development, ‘delhi one’ is segregated into domicile, entertainment, leisure, hospitality and business sections,” it added.

meanwhile, in its bid to provide healthier living condition and creating greener planet, the 3c company, over the span of one year, launched four green residential projects — lotus boulevard, lotus boulevard espacia, lotus panache and lotus zing — in noida alone, the company said.

“furthermore, the 3c company is making progress at a fast pace by developing sustainable buildings. three platinum and two gold rated leed certified green buildings by the indian green building council (igbc) under the umbrella of united states green building council ((usgbc) testify the impeccable architectural excellence of the 3c company. the company has excelled and achieved milestones by having already delivered more than 12 million square feet of niche developments in delhi-ncr region.”

reference: blog.propertynice.com/real-estate-firm-3c-launches-mega-project-%e2%80%98delhi-one%e2%80%99-in-noida/

7bigha.com/blog/real-estate-firm-3c-launches-mega-project-%e2%80%98delhi-one%e2%80%99-in-noida/

www.indianrealtynews.com/real-estate-india/real-estate-firm-3c-launches-mega-project-%e2%80%98delhi-one%e2%80%99-in-noida.html




posted by
jasmine kalra


at
2:46 am


45
comments










labels:
delh1,
delhi-one-launched,
launch of delhi-one














subscribe to:
posts (atom)






labels



delh1
(1)


delhi-one-launched
(1)


launch of delhi-one
(1)





blog archive








        ▼ 
      


2010
(1)





        ▼ 
      


december
(1)

the 3c company launches mega project ‘delhi one’ i...










about me




jasmine kalra



view my complete profile





 



copyright © real estate buzz. all rights reserved.
| blogger templates created by templates block









