



turbo regal web site






 









welcome to the quickest site on the net!


 featured car 

this page was created and is maintained by members of the grand national and t-type performance enthusiasts (gn/ttype ) organization.  in addition to this page, we also support and moderate a mailing list dedicated to the discussion of the turbo buick cars and buick-powered vehicles in general. please read these subscription directions if you need more information on our mailing list or would like to become a member. comments, suggestions, and questions about this page, our organization or the mailing list may be directed to: gnttype-info@gnttype.org please note that this address is not for technical questions or general information on the turbo buicks. it is intended to be an address to reach the moderators regarding list issues and administration. for technical questions or general information, please refer to the content on this site, and our forums. consider joining our forums to ask questions as well.
 

 


what's new?









   

about the turbo regals


the buick turbo cars from 1978-1987 are some of the finest looking and best running cars to come out of michigan in many a year. the grand nationals from 1984 and up, have out ran just about everything at the dragstrip, in almost any class. up until these grand nationals, big block power reigned supreme on the streets and the strip. the grand nationals have opened a few eyes to v6 turbo power.
the buick turbo cars from 1978 - 1987 are being collected by many enthusiasts. the reasons are many, but perhaps the main reason is the combination of luxury, awesome power and economy, all in one nice package. the 1984 - 1987 grand nationals represent the hallmark of these buick turbo cars. the all-black exterior paint and the bulging hood reminds us of the muscle cars of the sixties and early seventies. the turbo v6 engine, with all of its sophisticated components, makes us realize that technology, when applied in the right manner, can effectively substitute for cubic inches. (introduction courtesy of the facts and figures book) 


  









      									this turbo regal web ring site is maintained by
the grand national/t-type performance enthusiast's organization.


      									[ prev | skip it | next 5 | random | next | list sites ]


      									join the ring! click for info.

  




  last updated:  

