


 






the scooter store for personal mobility









































































    the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    













we accept the carecredit card. call to learn more!due to hurricane milton our operations may be temporarily affected. please check back for updates!






 



login










cart



















 





            type size        

small font
medium font
large font








                english            


english


español







800-542-7236



search







search








search






menu





productsproductspower & electric wheelchairsmobility scootersvehicle liftsstair liftsaccessoriesservice & aftercareservice & aftercarecustomer servicewarranty policydelivery optionsproduct manualsshipping optionspayment optionspayment optionsmedicare coveragemedicaid coverageprivate insurancecheck paymentcredit card paymentcarecreditaffirmlearning centerlearning centerarticleshoveround info videofaqsvideo libraryall about stair liftshealth professionalshealth professionalsphysician resourcesdetermining mobility needsprescribing mobilityphysician contact infocontact us 





 



                        menu                    





productsproductspower & electric wheelchairsmobility scootersvehicle liftsstair liftsaccessoriesservice & aftercareservice & aftercarecustomer servicewarranty policydelivery optionsproduct manualsshipping optionspayment optionspayment optionsmedicare coveragemedicaid coverageprivate insurancecheck paymentcredit card paymentcarecreditaffirmlearning centerlearning centerarticleshoveround info videofaqsvideo libraryall about stair liftshealth professionalshealth professionalsphysician resourcesdetermining mobility needsprescribing mobilityphysician contact infocontact us 

 





welcome to the scooter store page 

























 







were you aware that the scooter store is no longer in business?that's true, but hoveround is a primary provider of power chairs in your area and we're here to help. we have the solutions and options to keep you mobile and independent.why hoveround?hoveround offers scooters and four unique power chairs to fill a variety of needs. our power chairs are easy to use, have custom inner-spring seats for all-day comfort, and are extremely reliable.life is just better with a hoveround!

our "never without wheels" guarantee means you'll always be mobile.†


only hoveround builds, delivers and services your chair.


we work with medicare, medicaid and most private insurances.*


and, 9 out of 10 people got their hoveround power wheelchair for little or nothing out of pocket!*
we welcome the scooter store family and invite you to join our family of over 300,000 happy hoveround owners. let us help you continue to enjoy your life.
call us today!  800-542-7236
people search for the scooter store in many ways, usually as scooterstore or thescooterstore, but regardless of how you found us, be assured that hoveround can help you find a mobility solution that's just right for you!
if you find it difficult to maneuver through your home, or are limiting your activities due to the inability to walk easily, you may find that a motorized power chair, mobility scooter or stair lift can expand your ability to participate in and enjoy daily activities more fully. the scooter store brought mobility to many people, but hoveround expands the mobility options beyond scooters to include power chairs and stairlifts, so we can provide the right combination of mobility products for you. you might enjoy our article explaining the pros and cons of scooters and power chairs!
if you would like to learn more, please call us at 800-542-7236 and ask to speak to one of our mobility specialists. you'll be glad you did!
get your free digital info kit today!        









or call  800-542-7236 for a free consultationyour information is safe with us. read our privacy policy. *by clicking this button i hereby authorize hoveround to contact me at the phone number or email address i provide with information about hoveround products and services. i understand that consent is not a condition of purchase, certain restrictions apply, and automated technology may be used to contact me, including texting, autodialing and/or prerecorded calls. not available in all locations. call for details.
† free temporary replacement equipment applies to factory mechanical defects in warranty only. restrictions apply. call for details.
∗ insurance coverage depends on medical necessity as determined by insurer. valid doctor's prescription required.
licensed in the state of illinoisrelated articlesmobility solutionscustomer servicenot sure? let us helpyou may also likedoes medicare cover wheelchairs? the hoveround learning centerfrequently asked questions





newsletter

sign up for our newsletter & important notifications.





                            sign up for our newsletter:                        






submit







about usthe hoveround storywhy hoveround?our teamcareersinsurance infoassociations & certificationscontact hoveroundresourcesarticlesindustry resourcesfaqshoveround info videoreturn policyprivacy policy & terms of usehoveround sitemap 





























© 2024 hoveround corporation. all rights reserved.







our site requires cookies to provide full functionality and enhance your experience. please read our privacy policy.


ok








 

