












 welcome to john j. macionis































home


john's journey


mission statement


sociology and change


resources for change

textbooks and
                            e-learning material
sociological links
                            library
profiles of powerful
                            sociologists



e-learning resources


contact us




 










be the path to change
live the change you want to see in this world













we are the path to change
people can change the world, we are only ones who ever have
								













see the path to change
understand how human societies operate













john’s journey
john j. macionis was born and raised in philadelphia, pennsylvania. he began studying
								engineering at cornell university before majoring in sociology and earning a bachelor’s
								degree. john received a doctorate in sociology from the university of pennsylvania.

read more






a welcome message from john
 















john explains what's new in the current titles
 









john explains what's new in the current titles
with years of experience across schools, community colleges, and universities, my primary goal has always been to offer the best-in-class material to my colleagues and students. in a rapidly changing world, it’s crucial that textbooks evolve as well. i believe that timely updates to book editions are essential to ensure relevance and accuracy, reflecting new knowledge.







read the preface to each of john's new editions



society: the basic 16e preface


sociology 18e preface


social problems 9e preface





macionis textbooks/learning materials















































mission statement


welcome to the john macionis website, which encourages us to see
							the path to change. perhaps you are a college or university teacher, perhaps you are a
							student, but almost certainly you are a person concerned about the state of our world.







e-learning resources


the goal of all our publishing has always been quality without
							compromise. to achieve this objective, i am personally involved in all aspects of developing
							our texts. beyond doing all the writing, i work on design and production, which includes the
							selection of all images.







what's new?

 
 

the print editions of these two titles are available now for student rental. the revel interactive editions are also available now. for students who purchase revel and wish to have a print copy, a three-ring full-color print edition is available for a few dollars more. very low cost e-texts, which are not interactive, also  available .
			
our new introductory titles--sociology 18e (25 chapters) and society: the basics (18 chapters) represent
				major revisions and state-of-society coverage to support you with best-in-class content.
what does "best-in-class" mean? below, six major goals of these revisions are presented.

inclusive: a thorough review of language, images, and content has produced a highly inclusive
					title that meets all best practices. critical race theory is included in numerous chapters.
					photographs and art have been reviewed and updated as necessary to represent our diverse society.
					the analysis of data is intersectional, making use of race, class, and gender throughout the
					chapters.
current: every one of more than 2,000 individual statistics in these titles is the latest
					available at the time of publication. all maps, figures, and tables have been updated with the most
					recent data available. discussion is informed by the national reckoning on race that began in 2020
					with the murder of george floyd, changes to cultural values in the united states, how the pandemic
					has transformed u.s. society, the latest on access to legal abortion, trends in crime, the extent of
					economic inequality, the transgender movement, and the war in ukraine.
 cutting-edge scholarship: on average, the revision of each chapter is supported by 40 new
					scholarly references—that's more than 1,000 new references (published between 2020 and 2022) in the
					revision, representing half of all scholarly references. 
discovery with interactive learning: every chapter has one or more interactive "sociological
					geography" maps that encourage students to experience "discovery learning." window on the world
					global maps show patterns at the national level for the world as a whole. seeing ourselves national
					maps show patterns across the country at state or county level. revel provides pairs of global and
					national maps--a central map and a companion map--that invite students to compare two maps to
					discover how one variable may be linked to another. for example, many global maps are presented with
					a companion map that shows the level of economic development for the world's nations. by comparing,
					say, the extent of gender inequality in one map with level of economic development in the other,
					students discover for themselves how these two variables are linked. a writing exercise is available
					for you to assign asking students to explain what they have learned from making this comparison. in
					the case of national maps, for example, a new map showing how states have responded to transgender
					athletes participating in sports is linked to a companion map showing how each state voted in the
					2020 presidential election. students comparing these maps experience an "aha!" moment.
political literacy: we live in a time of intense political polarization in which everyday
					discussion of issues is framed in political terms. to encourage our students to be engaged citizens
					who are informed by sociological insight, our titles now provide political analysis of all
					macro-structural issues, and that this new analysis is found in most of the chapters. complementing
					the existing analysis that applies sociological theory, this new political analysis shows how
					position on the political spectrum guides people's understanding of the issues discussed in the
					chapter. students become able to directly link what they learn in class with the controversies and
					debates they encounter in their everyday lives and from the mass media and social media. 
 accessible and engaging writing: of course, this has been a goal of our titles since the
					beginning. at the same time, it is a goal that we revisit again and again so that every discussion
					is presented in language that ignites student interest by using current examples and illustrations
					that are meaningful to all categories of people.

what's new: chapter by chapter in society:
					the basics 16th edition and
				sociology, 18th edition.






this is the future...
…from a long-time classroom teacher who continues to learn
the focus of my work remains writing what i hope are the most engaging, up-to-date, and
					change-focused texts in the field of sociology. in an age of outsourcing and cost saving, i still do
					the work the old-fashioned way--by myself, and i do what it takes to get it right. all the content,
					all the supplements, all the test questions are done “in house” so you can have complete confidence
					in accuracy and quality. the revel digital learning material, which is fully functional on any and
					all computers and mobile devices, is interactive, current, and written to change lives and change
					society.
why digital? this is the future and it is already here. most of today’s students have experienced
					digital learning for their entire lives. because students expect information to be available through
					electronic devices, they are most likely to complete assignments that are available online. there
					are other advantages as well. our digital titles are completely ada compliant, presenting material
					in ways that meet the needs of all people including those with various disabilities. readers can
					modify screen size, just as students can choose to listen to content available in audio files.
digital learning is also the answer to the long-time problem of high book prices: revel titles are
					sold for less than half of cost of print books (and students may choose to purchase a supplemental
					print version for a small additional cost). yes, they can also opt to rent print books for a very
					low cost.
most important, digital allows all students to learn through discovery. rather than passively reading
					a book, students interact with a digital title that invites the experience of active discovery.
					every semester, i increase the interactive content of our titles. this is the bright future of
					learning. will you join me and our students on this journey?
if you have questions or comments, i invite you to write to me at macionis@kenyon.edu










some tunes: a gift to you
one of my favorite pastimes is music, playing as well as listening. some years back, i spent time
						in a local recording studio performing oldies tunes that have stayed with me over the years. the
						link below will take you to the music page of this site. there, you will find one of the cds
						from that time, featuring nineteen of my favorite “covers.” grab your headphones! i hope you
						enjoy listening to these songs.

click here for the music











video lecture on economic inequality
here is a forty minute video lecture that examines income inequality beginning with my
								own kenyon campus and then investigates broader patterns of inequality in diverse work
								settings, including education, medicine, and the world of finance. the presentation also
								contrasts public perceptions to the reality of wealth inequality.

click here
									for the video






video lecture on economic inequality
 





















powerpoint presentations new research for a cutting-edge classroom
                        



would you like to add engaging powerpoint presentations that highlight recent research to
                            your classes? my colleague kimberlee klesner and i have prepared twenty-four exciting
                            powerpoint presentations, which correspond to every chapter in sociology, 17th edition,
                            2020 update and society, 15th edition, 2020 update.

read more





sociological links library
you will find links to dozens of organizations that generate useful information for
                            people who are trying to change the world in one way or another. find those that
                            interest you to learn more...

american demographics
american journal of sociology
american
                                    sociological association
amnesty
                                    international
annual review
                                    of sociology
anti-defamation
                                    league
bartlett's
                                    quotations
black/african resources


read more





profiles of powerful sociologists
learn more about a number of the most influential men and women who have shaped the
                            discipline of sociology and changed the world...

max weber
c. wright mills
george herbert mead
karl marx
rosabeth moss kanter
carol gilligan
emile durkheim
w. e. b. du bois
auguste comte


read more









privacy policy
terms & conditions



copyright ©
                        2025 - macionis | designed and devloped by logic providers





 









