aaron salley | intention. integration. illumination.hi, i’m aaroni craft solutions for your business that delight and engage.some brands i’ve had the pleasure to work withasa nisi masa filmsbringing msk direct to life transforming enhanced access to oncology expertise, improved care coordination, and personalized support for members.omichannel e-commerce positioning mobile platform offerings as a crucial component of an overall e-commerce strategy.view all casesservicesi shepherd ideas from mind to market™ through an integrated approach, translating complex needs into actionable strategies and delivering solutions for people-centric problems.01 research & discoveryilluminate your creative process. groundbreaking work starts with a deep understanding of your audience, the market, and emerging trends — going beyond basic trend reports and providing bespoke insights that ignite innovative ideas and fuel impactful outcomes.customer insights & analyticsopportunity discovery02 project management
          unlock your team's creative potential and deliver exceptional results.
          maximize your creative output with a tailored approach to project
          management, designed to streamline workflows, enhance collaboration,
          and deliver on-time and on-budget.iterative project scopingrequirement documentationtime management & delivery sequencingbudget and roi management03 solution engineeringbridge the gap between vision and value by integrating creative with technical expertise. go beyond beautifully designed interfaces to engineer solutions and engaging experiences that deliver tangible results.product strategyproduct designproduct engineeringproduct managementnew product & service developmentux & ui designweb & mobile app development04 go-to-market strategylaunch your product or service with intention. bring your new offering to market with a strategic roadmap that ensures maximum impact and drives rapid adoption.demand landscapeend to end marketing planningvalue propositiondemand accelerationjourney creationcommercial strategycontent & channel strategycampaign planning and activation05 organizational transformationnavigate the complexities of today's rapidly evolving landscape.
          organizations need to adapt quickly to thrive through a holistic
          approach, helping you not just survive, but truly flourish.dei & esg strategydigital transformationfractional executive leadershipbusiness model innovationoperating model and ways of workingabout mea passionate product leader with a proven track record of building and scaling digital products for startup smbs to well-established enterprises. over 10 years leading collaborative, cross-functional teams, managing budgets, and driving innovation across healthcare, e-commerce, real estate, hospitality, finance, nonprofits and tech industries. known translating complex business needs into clear, actionable strategies. passionate about crafting user-centric solutions that deliver exceptional results and make a positive impact on both users and businesses.intention. integration. illumination.contactme@aaronsalley.com(212) 287-5859new york, nydownload resume (pdf)read case studies for my previous workcheckout my thoughts on mediumhire me on upworklinkedin//github//resume//instagram//apple music© 2025 aaron salley llc d/b/a salley & co. all rights reserved. made with 🖤 in nyc.