ï»¿



old town san diego hotel | best western hacienda hotel





















































skip to content

















toggle navigation



menu



book best western direct







rooms & amenities

green initiative
ada rooms


weddings & events
corporate & government programs
meetings

request information


area guide

dining & nightlife
shopping
transportation














































scroll down


book now - best western













 accommodations


 amenities


 meetings & events


 area guide


 photo gallery


 specials & packages

























best western plus hacienda hotel

















if you’ve been affected by the california fires and need a place to stay, ask us about our emergency relief rates.
 
best western plus hacienda hotel
old town san diego
comfort, charm, and hospitality in the historic heart of california
welcome to san diego's historic old town and the best western plus hacienda hotel, where you’ll enjoy the finest in traditional california hospitality, dining, entertainment, and sightseeing.
relax in our spacious, beautifully appointed guest rooms, surrounded by vibrant courtyards, patios, and lush landscaping. our charming atmosphere, convenient location, and panoramic views from old town to mission bay make this hillside retreat truly unforgettable.
when you stay with us, you're just steps away from unique galleries, restaurants, and boutiques, and close to the historic old town presidio—where california began 250 years ago.
visit the old town tequila factory, located atop our hotel, where you can enjoy stunning views, refreshing drinks, and authentic mexican cuisine.
 























become a vip
collapse panel


join our email list
sign up to receive special offers tailored to your interests year around.



you have successfully signed up to receive enhanced email offers! view our specials & packages!
view specials








facebook


instagram


tripadvisor


youtube
















image slide1 link to larger image hacienda hotel courtyard and fountain







image slide2 link to larger image hacienda hotel courtyard and fountain







image slide3 link to larger image old town tequila factory patio







image slide4 link to larger image close up of fountain and plaza level rooms







image slide5 link to larger image old town dancing







image slide6 link to larger image old town bazaar del mundo shopping in san diego







image slide7 link to larger image wells fargo park old town san diego
















guest reviews


the only place to stay in san diego
 rating: 5 out of 5 stars
we always stay here whenever in san diego. it has been our favorite place for over 25 years. we also celebrated our 50th anniversary with a party in the las palmas room in 2018 and plan to do the same for our 60th in two years. we cannot praise this hotel enough. and the tequila factory restaurant is an added treat on the property. love the food and margaritas.
reviewed by janetmerten on january 2024 via tripadvisor


best stay ever! great getaway!
 rating: 5 out of 5 stars
clean, great service, beautiful scenery. walking distance to everything in old town. very courteous staff. they went above and beyond to provide excellent service. room was clean. microwave and refrigerator in room. beautiful lobby with complimentary coffee, tea and water. smooth check in and out. we will definitely be back for another stay!
reviewed by cynthia d on october 2024 via tripadvisor


everything you need in old town, sd
 rating: 5 out of 5 stars
quiet, peaceful, comfortable room w/ all you need plus an amazing staff & fantastic location. walking distance to many options plus great ghost tours nearby! staff very professional. will stay there whenever possible whether it’s business or pleasure.
reviewed by ali w on october 2024 via tripadvisor


great hotel in the heart of old town
 rating: 5 out of 5 stars
always love staying here. the location is great and you are easily able walk to old town. it is also not far from many of san diego’s theme attractions like the midway and the zoo. the hotel is always clean and comfortable with a helpful staff!!
reviewed by kellyzzzzz on september 2024 via tripadvisor










sign up for personalized emails
sign up for our email list to receive notifications of hotel specials, area events and other great reasons to visit san diego.
sign up






link to map on google maps
















best western plus hacienda hotel

4041 harney street
san diego,
california
92110
united states


 phone: 
619-298-4707















best western privacy policy


photo gallery


web accessibility


contact


sitemap






facebook


instagram


tripadvisor


youtube




hotel website designbyvizergy

















call us



location


book now






scroll up













