





waterloo chamber


















skip to the content





waterloo chamber





show menu
hide menu























3 easy steps to maintain the water level in a humidity chamber


august 7, 2024
 / 
anthony clark



the humidity chamber or conditioning chamber from presto is one of the widely used testing equipment in various industries. from automotive testing to cosmetic industries, the manufacturers make use of these humidity chambers to test the quality of their products. this laboratory testing equipment plays a vital role in assessing the physical and chemical properties of certain materials. the ergonomics and user ease will be given a lot more importance while designing the system. here we are going to discuss three easy-to-follow steps that will help you to maintain the water level in the humidity chamber. so, read this blog till the end.
introduction about presto humidity chamber
there are a large number of products that will get severely changed when they get exposed to different environmental conditions like humidity, high temperatures, etc. thus, it is very important to test those materials beforehand so that no damage will occur. to effectively test these materials, you can make the use of presto humidity chamber. this is one of the amazing testing equipment that provides relative humidity and control to test your specimen. the prima model of humidity chamber has been equipped with an advanced touch screen panel with upgraded features that comes with three colored tower-style alarm alerts. if we talk about the humidity chamber deluxe model, it comes with a unique test cabinet to detect the change in the physical properties of materials. this testing instrument has an in-built auto-tuning function with an inbuilt calibration feature in reference to the master pid controller. thus, it will be easy for you to conduct the humidity test with the help of this testing machine.
these different models of presto humidity chambers are equipped with an advanced set of features that makes it easy for you to conduct the test and improve the quality of your material. here we have listed the features of the presto humidity chamber prima touch screen model.
features of humidity chamber (prima-touch screen)
the presto conditioning chamber has been incorporated with an advanced set of features that let you test the specimen at a designated temperature. read the features of this amazing testing instrument below:

it comes with an inbuilt auto-tuning function and has been equipped with rapid air circulation features.
you can easily keep a check on water levels with the help of a water level indicator.
it has a german imported fan designed for uniform and homogenous heating and cooling, humidity, and de-humidity inside the chamber.
an in-built calibration feature has also been provided with this testing instrument.
it has an auto-stop feature to stop the machine at a set time.

these are some all-inclusive features of the presto humidity chamber. you can also read how this lab testing instrument will help to ensure the quality of your product. now, let us focus on its technical specifications.
technical specifications of humidity chamber (prima-touch screen)

inside dimension : 455 x 455 x 710 mm
display: hmi based touch screen
accuracy temperature: ± 2ºc / humidity ± 5%
least count/resolution temp / humidity : 0.1ºc / 1 %
power: 15a, 220v, single phase, 50 hz
temperature range : 15ºc to 60ºc
humidity range: up to 95%rh
timer: 9999 hrs.
wet heater: 1 kw, 1 no.
no. of sample racks: 2
material: exterior and interior stainless steel finish stain steel matt finish for corrosion resistance
water level low: alarm output

with the above-mentioned features and technical specifications, you will get an idea about how useful this lab testing equipment is. for accurate performance of this testing instrument, you need to keep a check on the water levels of the machine. below we have mentioned how you can easily maintain these water levels and get highly accurate testing results. 
how to maintain the water level in the humidity chamber?
when you install the presto humidity chamber at your laboratory then there are some prerequisites that needed to be taken care of before operating the machine. maintaining water level is one of them. when there is a low water level in the machine, then “water level low led” will glow. thus, it is very important to maintain the water levels to make sure you get accurate testing results. here we have mentioned, three easy steps that you can follow to maintain the water level in the chamber.

connect the dm water line with the inlet port provided on the backside of the machine to fill the water. the minimum height of the tank needs to be 8 ft. to 10 ft.
the side inlet connected to the water reservoir should always be on. connectivity of the water should not be stopped. it will auto-refill the water when required and automatically stop when the tank is filled completely.
with the help of an on-side inlet, you will be able to create the required level of humidity inside the chamber.

in this way, you can easily maintain the water levels of this testing machine. this testing machine will be used for various purposes. you can read about the applications of humidity chambers to get more knowledge about it uses. 







which water is best for you? spring, mineral, or distilled?


june 26, 2024
 / 
anthony clark




water is life. the human body is comprised of 65% water and it cannot survive without it for any great length of time. water needs to be absorbed several times a day in order to stay healthy. while the body can go 3 weeks without food, it cannot go more than 3 days without water.
studies show that women need to drink 2.2 litres of water a day while men need 3 litres. the difference is due to the fact that men, on average, have more fat-free body mass and higher expenditure of energy. because it’s important to hydrate the body frequently, it’s also a good idea to be doing so with the water that is the best for the body. between spring, mineral and distilled, which one is the healthiest choice for the human anatomy?
spring wins.
no beating around the bush here. without a doubt, spring water is the winner. it is considered the best water to drink, providing vital nutrients as it moves through the body.
this is, of course, spring water that is bottled at the source and proven to be actual living spring water. only 55% of the bottled water that claims to be spring water actually is bona fide spring water. 45% is just treated tap water. this does not give us the same benefits, nor will it have the refreshing, unique taste that real spring water has. it’s important to check the authenticity of spring water.
spring water provides much needed oxygen to the body and the brain, aids in good digestion, helps us maintain a healthy weight, and tastes great. spring water never tastes flat or boiled. it makes for an excellent drinking experience and one that does wonders for the body.
mineral water is right behind.
mineral water is spring water that has had more minerals added to it. it has 250 minerals per million solids. sparkling mineral water is bottled containing the same carbon dioxide that was at the source of the spring.
because of the additives in this water, there can be a bit of a distinctive taste to it. not all of the additional minerals are necessary for the body, and not everyone can process them. in addition, there is a distinct taste that is off-putting to mineral water, which puts it behind spring water. it doesn’t taste as natural or pure because of the additional minerals.
distilled water’s little victory.
distilled water may lack the minerals and nutrients of spring and mineral water, but the distilling process can be used to remove toxic metals and chemicals from the water. while there are home distillers, it is best to go with industrially distilled water instead.
however, distilling water also removes healthy minerals the body needs, which means drinking it for any length of time can lead to mineral deficiencies. also, once it comes in contact with the air, distilled water absorbs carbon dioxide, which makes it acidic. when it is ingested, that goes into the body and causes excess acid. with all of this in mind, it’s clear to see why distilled water is the last on the list of waters to drink.
a quick word about reverse osmosis
while not as beneficial for the body as live spring water, filtered water is better than none at all. reverse osmosis water filters are excellent tools for purifying water, even after a carbon filter has already been used on it. they remove many contaminates that are still left behind by the carbon filters and create healthy, fresh water for drinking.







walking through your standard water chamber


april 30, 2024
 / 
anthony clark



have you ever thought about your water chamber?
the standard water chamber for the airsense™ 10 and aircurve™ 10 line of machines (pictured above) is one of the most integral parts of your cpap/bipap machine and just like the other components of your machine – it must be regularly maintained and replaced as time goes on. without the water chamber and humidifying properties of a cpap machine, people will most likely experience morning dry mouth as well as dry nasal passages that could lead to irritation or inflammation. to ensure that your pap therapy is comfortable while still being effective, humidification is key and a functioning water chamber will allow for great humidity.
do you know if you’re taking proper care of your water chamber?
here are some cleaning guidelines:

it is recommended that you wash your humidifier and tubing daily in warm water, using a mild cleaning agent. rinse those parts thoroughly with clean water and allow them to dry away from direct sunlight.
once a week, inspect the water chamber for wear and deterioration.
replace the water chamber if any component has cracked, become cloudy or has odd indents.
if you start noticing white powder or deposits in the water chamber..

(1) fill the water chamber to the maximum water level mark with a mixture of one part vinegar to ten parts water.
(2) soak this solution for ten minutes.
(3) discard the solution and rinse the water chamber with clean water.


fill your water chamber with only distilled or sterile water.
do not use tap water. it may contain minerals and chemicals that can damage components of the machine.
it is also not recommended to use filtered water (i.e. through a brita filter) for the same reasons.
do not use: bleach, alcohol, chlorine or ammonia-based solutions; moisturising, antibacterial or glycerine based soaps; and water softening and unapproved descaling agents should also be avoided.

using distilled water will lengthen the life of your water chamber and reduce mineral deposits, so always try and use distilled water as much as you can. the recommended replacement schedule for water chambers is six months per chamber, so as long as you abide by the recommended care guidelines, your water chamber should provide aid in optimal humidification for at least those six months before replacement.







three tips for caring for your cpap water chamber


january 18, 2024
 / 
anthony clark





use only distilled water to avoid buildup of mineral residue like this.
when cpap devices come to us for repair, we see humidifier water chambers at their best and at their worst. humidifier chambers that haven’t been cared for properly can breed bacteria or mold that’s entering your airway every night, and they can also become cracked, cloudy or so filled with mineral residue – as a result of using tap water – that replacement is your only option.
the good news is that water chambers are intended to be replaced regularly, so be sure you are following the manufacturer recommendations for replacement. resmed, for instance, recommends replacement of your humidifier water chamber every six months, and if you have a current cpap prescription your insurance company may pay for it. check with your home medical equipment provider or insurance company to see if your resupplies are covered.
in addition to regular replacement, taking good care of your water chamber should be a daily part of your life with cpap therapy. here are a few tips:

clean it properly. after detaching the chamber from your device, clean it daily with mild soap and warm, drinking-quality water. avoid cleaning products such as dish detergent, alcohol, bleach, chlorine or moisturizing or antibacterial soaps. after cleaning, rinse it thoroughly using warm, drinking-quality water, then place it on a flat surface on a towel to dry. weekly, soak the chamber in a solution of one-part white vinegar and one-part water for 15-20 minutes. then rinse thoroughly with warm, drinking-quality water and place it on a towel on a flat surface to dry. here are more cleaning tips from resmed.
use distilled water. always fill your chamber with distilled water at room temperature. tap water can leave behind residue and bacteria. do not use hot water, and never add any kind of scented oils or aromatherapy.
never let water get into your device. take care to never fill your chamber past the maximum water level mark, and make sure that your chamber is empty and dry before you transport your device. if water gets into your cpap, it can cause corrosion or other damage to the electrical components.

but your water chamber and cpap accessories aren’t the only things that might be ready for a cleaning. mold, bacteria and mineral residue can get inside the cpap device itself. that’s why we recommend an annual cpap checkup, which gives your device a deep internal and external cleaning, new seals and filters, an update to your firmware and a diagnostic check to be sure it’s operating properly. to learn more about our cpap checkup service, click here.







4 factors to consider before buying a water purifier


august 29, 2023
 / 
anthony clark




the market is flooded with different types of water purifiers. water purifiers range from simple water filters to advanced purifiers using membrane technology for filtration followed by disinfection with uv lamp filters. but when you decide about buying a water purifier, the biggest question arises as to which water purifier is correct for your home?
here are 4 important factors that you must consider before buying a water purifier:
water quality
if the water supplied to your home is high in tds, hardness and salinity then ro is the best choice for your home. ro has a semi-permeable membrane which has pore size of 0.0005 microns. such tiny pores can remove the tiniest of dissolved salt, metals and impurities.
for areas where water supplied to home is soft and has tds under permissible limit, carbon activated filters can work well.
contamination
bacteria, nitrate, dissolved pesticides and lead are the most likely health-effecting contaminants present in water. the amount of contaminants present in water can be tested in any laboratory. if water supplied to your home is high in microbes and contaminants then a uv based ro filtration can be an intelligent choice. the uv effect irradiate the water and penetrate the cells of bacteria and viruses, destroying their ability to reproduce. these organisms fail to multiply and eventually die. the ro membrane removes these dead germs and contaminants from water and make it fit for consumption.
water pressure
both uv and ro filters need water supply at a good pressure. if the incoming water flow does not have sufficient pressure, the ro filter will not work optimally. so if the pressure of water supplied to your home is insufficient (but the condition is that water is soft and less in impurities) it is best to go for the activated carbon purifiers. but if the water is high in tds and contamination, then go for ro purifier. you can attach a pump to the ro filtration unit to boost the pressure.
electricity
although ro and uv filtration are advance water purification technologies, a big problem is that they need electricity to operate. this means that they cannot be useful if power-supply to your home is inconsistent. so if you live in area where electricity supply is erratic then go for activated carbon purifiers.







© 2025 waterloo chamber
theme by anders norén — up ↑





