

home | enid public schools
















































































skip to contentstopitpowerschool parent portalfree and reduced lunch applicationnew student enrollmentmeal menusstudent handbookssearch siteenid public schoolsstopitpowerschool parent portalfree and reduced lunch applicationnew student enrollmentmeal menusstudent handbookssearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip gallery end of gallerybus routesdistrict calendarinterested in subbingemployment opportunitiespay fees and billsenrollment appointmentsvolunteer applicationwhy usdistrict employee daycaredhs certified and affordable childcare for district employees. 
great expectations districtgreat expectations is a district-wide  professional development initiative that focuses on creating harmony and excitement with the school atmosphere.ehs university centerthrough partnerships and scholarships, ehs students have the opportunity to graduate with a high school diploma and an associates degree!community partnershipsthe enid public school foundation and local businesses and organizations have given over $2 million in financial support in the last five years!
federal programsrequired informationesser fund planenid public schools arp esser iii funds plan for use2021-2024public school auditreport of auditenid school district garfield county, oklahomareturn to learn planenid public schools educational return to learn plantransparencyenid public schools is dedicated to providing communication and information to our families. click here to know more about transparency in oklahoma public schools.find usenid public schools500 s. independenceenid, ok 73701phone: 580-366-7000fax: 580-366-8900stay connectedequal opportunities disclaimerit is the policy of enid public schools to provide equal opportunities without regard to race, color, national origin, gender/transgender, age, religion, veteran status, disability and provide equal access to the boy scouts and other designated youth groups in its educational programs, services, activities and in employment. the district will not discriminate on the basis of race or sex in the form of bias, stereotyping, scapegoating, classification, or the categorical assignment of traits, morals, values, or characteristics based solely on race or sex. the district will not engage in race or sex-based discriminatory acts by utilizing these methods which result in treating individuals differently on the basis of race or sex or the creation of a hostile environment. the district will provide equal employment opportunities in areas including, but not limited to, employee selection, promotion, training and development, compensation, termination, and disciplinary action. the title ix coordinator(s) for enid public schools: melissa graddick, mdgraddick@enidk12.org, and scott mansfield, rsmansfield@enidk12.org.  each school has designated investigators and the decision-maker consist of an assistant superintendent, secondary for elementary and elementary for secondary. 500 s. independence, enid, ok 73701, 580-366-7000.click here for board policies and statements.accessibility statementenid public schools strives to ensure our website is accessible to all its users regardless of ability. we recognize the importance and are continually working to increase the accessibility and usability of our website.  we strive toward compliance with the oklahoma electronic and information technology accessibility (eita) law; section 504 (https://www.ada.gov/topics/title-ii/)  and 508 of the rehabilitation act, as amended; the americans with disabilities act; the world wide web consortium (w3c) web standards, and web content accessibility guidelines (wcag) version 2.1, level aa. (https://www.w3.org/tr/wcag21/)we are committed to providing accessibility to all users, and we will continue to make improvements to our website to ensure that it meets the requirements of these laws and standards and will help make the web more user-friendly for all people. if assistance is needed in accessing material on any of the eps websites, please report the web address or where you found the issue along with a detailed description of the problems you have encountered to the contact below:enid public schools webmaster 580-366-7012mkjohnson@enidk12.org to contact us in writing, send letters to:enid public schools communications departmentc/o website accessibility issues500 s. independenceenid, ok. 73701when eps receives a report of accessibility issues we will acknowledge the receipt of those issues within five school days and try to remedy or resolve the issue within 10 additional school days. student privacy statementcopyright © 2025 enid public schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more

