




water prisms...the magic of dancing rainbows









 





 











  






water 
            prisms...the magic of dancing rainbows











glass 
        prisms handcrafted
        since 1981 by
        nancy and jon couch
        placitas, new mexico

  
          share 
 









 




 






orders placed after december 15, 2022 will be filled after january 1, 2023












buy 
              large water prisms in a variety of prism styles, shapes and sizes.

we 
              create 3 dimensional glass prisms to 
              hold water, changing ordinary sunlight into brilliant dancing rainbows 
              of color. from simple to elegant, we make diamond 
              prisms, pendant 
              prisms, gem 
              prisms, orb prisms, star of david prisms, the starship 
              prism and more. all our water prisms have a hinged door at the 
              top, so that they can be cleaned and re-filled with water!






















 we have 
            specialized in making water prisms for the last 40 years. we have 
            the widest assortment of complex and unique prism styles available 
            and have been selling our water prisms world wide to the delight of 
            many people. they make the perfect gift for yourself, or someone special.

 



 








 





imagine 
          in your home...rainbows flashing across your
ceiling, 
          streaking your floor and walls with deep
          purples and glowing blues, cascading across the furniture to lay in 
          a pool of amethyst, emerald greens, fiery oranges, yellows and ruby 
          red on your floor. where rainbows overlap new 
          colors are created, then changed again as the rainbows move around the 
          room.








the 
          incredibly large rainbows
are produced 
          by water prisms, 3-dimensional glass prism sculptures
          that you fill with water,  
          making them act like solid true glass prisms and refracting sunlight. 
          water is a different density than air, and because of this, it slows 
          down the white light from the sun and bends into beautiful full spectrum 
          rainbows.

 



 






 



 

hanging 
          in a sunny window,
they act like 
          glowing prism crystals.
          water prisms will also reflect things around them, much like mirrors 
          in a periscope. surrounding images appear inside a water prism with 
          a multi-colored rainbow aura, making it glow with your own energy. 








during 
          the full moon, 
          the moonlight will create moonbows that fill your room 
          with pastel-like colors that twinkle like stars.








all 
          of our water prisms...
 are 
          furnished with an ultraviolet resistant hanger with swivels, allowing 
          them to turn in a breeze. a gentle touch will cause the many rainbows 
          to radiate around the room, illuminating the far corners with brilliant 
          colors.

  



  






 






 

 

soothing 
          light magic with lamps...

our 
          pyramid lamps glow with stained glass and glass jewels and project their 
          unique patterns on the table and walls with vivid colors. turning the 
          lamp produces a totally different design, always creating a pleasing 
          and harmonious mood.








glass 
          mandalas...

are 
          handmade using stained glass, glass bevels,
          glass nuggets and shaped copper to make airy kaleidoscope patterns
          that all can enjoy. when you hang it in a sunny window the beautiful 
          colors
          and silhouettes play over the room's furniture and floor.

 



 






 






 



 

colorful 
          stained glass boxes...
we 
          offer a diverse collection of styles, colors and shapes of jewelry boxes 
          for everyone. these have long been a favorite at arts and crafts shows 
          and now we've brought them to our website gallery.











to 
              see the many styles and sizes of water prisms, now grouped by shapes, 
              mandalas, pyramid lamps and jewelry boxes visit our gallery 
              entry page.


the 
              ordering 
              info page has details on how easy it is to buy your glass gift 
              now with our secure shopping cart.

 
those 
              of you who love arts and crafts shows can visit our events 
              page.

 
to 
              learn more about water prisms and rainbows see our more 
              info page.

 
meet 
              nancy and jon, the glass artists who make water prisms on our artists 
              page.


read 
              what our customers 
              are saying about our water prisms.











our 
          water prisms can be an exciting and joyful addition to any home or office  
          and will truly affect everyone in a positive way.
satisfaction guaranteed! 
thank you for visiting our 
          website
tell your friends about us 
          and please come again, as we're always adding new styles!







 







enter 
          our gallery of glass gifts...







 






our 
          privacy policy






 






© 2017 water prisms   nancy & jon 
          couch -- 3 cañon del apache --placitas, 
          new mexico  87043
phone (505) 867-2450 -- click here to email us






