




  


harmon orthodontics | orthodontist mitchellville md

























(301) 333-3900
10264 lake arbor wymitchellville, md 20721

patient login













 book now






menu
homeabout usmeet the doctormeet the teamwhat sets us apartnew patientsoffice visitsfinancial informationoffice tourpatient formstestimonialsbefore and after smile gallerybraces 101brushing and flossingclear bracesretainer instructionsemergency carepalatal expandermetal bracesclear alignerstadsorthodontic retentioncolor my bracesabout orthoorthodontic faqstwo-phase treatmentabout orthodonticsearly orthodontic treatmentfor all agesitero® element™digital x-raystreatmentscommon orthodontic issuesdentofacial orthopedicsinvisalign® treatmentinvisalign® treatment for teensinsignia™speed system™itero® digital impression systemdiode laser treatmentempower®contactharmon orthodonticsappointment requestcoronavirus updatemake a payment











your smile in perfect harmony




meetthe doctor
patientforms
before& after








welcome to harmon orthodontics
dr. david harmon, jr. and each team member at harmon orthodontics are committed to creating healthy, beautiful smiles for our patients, while developing long-term relationships with each person. when you’re with us, you’ll be treated like family. we’ll be honest and respectful, supportive, and compassionate. we’ll listen to your dreams for a new smile and then work with you to find the treatment options that are right for your unique needs.
smile-creating treatments and options available at harmon orthodontics include:

clear and metal braces for patients of all ages
insignia™ 3d imaging
itero® element™ digital scanning
oral and maxillofacial surgery
invisalign® and invisalign teen® clear aligners
empower® self-ligating braces

if you’ve been thinking about orthodontic care for yourself or a loved one, we invite you to schedule a complimentary consultation at our mitchellville, md office, where we welcome patients from bowie and throughout the metro washington, dc area. come in, meet our team, receive a complimentary exam, and learn how we can help you achieve an amazing smile you’ll love sharing with the world.






learn more about the latesttechnology at our office











smilegallery















a fewkind words


“dr. harmon and his staff make your visit fun and exciting. everyone is pleasant, kind and professional. my teenage girls love dr. harmon and his staff. my 26 year-old son‘s teeth are still straight and glowing thanks dr. harmon. we love you dr. david and shonda!”
- linnette b


“dr. harmon and his team makes the experience of getting braces fun. my pre-teen daughter was a little nervous when she arrived but the staff was so professional and kind that she enjoyed the entire process. the office was very busy but she received personalized attention.”
- lynn p


“i have been a patient of dr. harmon for 6 years and every bit of it was a pleasure. him and his wife are very kind and considerate. he would accommodate me if i missed appointments an needed to come in. the office staff were always pleasant and professional. i moved out of the area and still continued to come to his office for care because he is the best. i would recommend him to anyone.”
- bria t




learn more

 



connect with us!







 














10264 lake arbor wymitchellville, md 20721
(301) 333-3900

send us a message







i allow the north dentist office to contact me through text messages.

submit

 







website powered by sesame 24-7™
|
site map
|
privacy policy

















