









home - loaves & fishes


























































skip to content













menu


about

history – planting the seed
the 36 things
board & leadership
who we are
north c street stories


programs & services
join the community

volunteer
stay informed
employment opportunities


needs list
contact us
donate

ways to give
planned giving


 





















an oasis for adults & children






experiencing homelessness







donate today!



















mission statement






in an environment of welcome, hospitality, safety, and cleanliness we seek to provide an oasis for homeless men, women, and children seeking survival services.






2023 impact










0guests served




 








0showers




 











0meals




 








0pets served




 











0survival supplies distributed




 








0memorials and remembrance services




 




















north c street stories



















finding sanctuary and strength: the transformative power of sr. nora’s place of sacramento loaves & fishes 



			jan 31, 2025			

for women who have endured chronic homelessness and mental illness, survival often takes precedence over everything else, even over healing and the simple joys of life. sr. nora’s place at sacramento loaves & fishes offers more than just shelter; it provides a rare sanctuary where women can begin to move beyond survival mode and into healing, community, and hope. the journey is not easy, but as “claudia”, a former guest shared, "having a safe place ...
read more → 
















read more stories





















volunteer spotlight










"i volunteer at loaves & fishes because it is a chance for me to give back. i believe in the golden rule!" 

sue - legal clinic volunteer 







"i volunteer because it opens my heart and i feel like we're all one big family (which we are!)" 

barbara - dining room volunteer 







"i give to loaves & fishes, because why not? it's the right thing to do!" 

francine - volunteer loaves & fishes 
























subscribe to our newsletter






join our online community and stay up to date
on the latest news and stories from north c street!















* indicates required

email address  *




first name 



last name 



organization 





 
















 










 
in the spirit of hospitality and radical love, loaves & fishes is an oasis for guests seeking respite and a space of belonging. to ensure that our guests are served without judgment or barrier, we do not accept government funds. our programs are 100% run by the generosity of individual supporters, local businesses, and community foundations.
tax id:       68-0189897


  
 address:  1351 north c. st. sacramento, ca 95811
 po box:        po box 13495 sacramento, ca 95813
 phone:     916-446-0874 fax: 916-446-0875
 email:      info@sacloaves.org

 





 
facebook


twitter


instagram



 



		website powered by neon one




















