



  


news - page 1 - mysmilies.com



 








skip to main content




					mysmilies.com
				












news - page 1






remember recently copied smilies

by cwm 
				on february 23rd



because i can never leave things alone and to make it less useless, i've added your recently copied smilies to the top of the homepage.now you don't have to dig around for your favorite smilies!  



bigish update

by cwm 
				on february 22nd



so i recoded the site... again. we'll call this version 3, or whatever.basically "genres" are now called "tags", smilies can have multiple tags (they could only have one before)."categories" are now "collections".you can now copy a smiley's code with a single click and you can copy bb code, html or markdown along with a couple other options.oh and i finally made the text smilies in these posts turn to images. which is something you'd figure i would have done long ago in addition to the site stuff i've added a couple new collections: my somethingawful smilies | my wrestling smiliesi also fixed the following user pages: {dbm}ja§, fire§lash, ruinkai.still have some more stuff planned but... spoilers! if you have any issues, please contact me at wackoburns@hotmail.com. 



rollin the stone

by cwm 
				on september 14th



all the smilies which weren't removed have now been added to imgur. it's not 100% reliable, but it's better than losing a whole server of smilies every few months! thanks to all those who have hosted smilies and helped me in the past.also tracked down a few more broken smilies and fixed a couple random things.i'm probably going to be doing some more updates in the next days/weeks/months. seeing all the great smilies people have contributed over the years really makes me want to get this heap up and running again i'd love it if the few of you who still visit please like mysmilies on facebook. it'd help me out and keep me motivated  



ah ha, i have an idea!

by cwm 
				on september 13th



alrighty, noticed another smiley server went down. in the coming days i plan to upload all the smilies to imgur. that should ensure the smilies stay around forever (in internet time).i'm also going to add a one-click-copy on the smilies (using a flash/javascript plugin).any smilies i haven't gotten explicit permission to use will be removed from the site (i've been wanting to for a while).lastly, i noticed over a thousand smilies that were missing from the site somehow and also a few incorrect urls. those have been added/fixed. 



woops!

by cwm 
				on august 9th



my bad, i forgot to test the site on internet explorer 7. you should be able to see the smilies now, heh.  








													page 2 »
												




other pages:


news - page 1 

news - page 2 

news - page 3 

news - page 4 

news - page 5 

news - page 6 

news - page 7 




 

top tags








										aliens									








										angry									








										animals									








										animated									








										blah									








										boys									








										cartoons									








										confused									








										evil									








										famous									








										freaks									








										frown									








										glasses									








										hair									








										happy									








										hats									








										huge									








										laughing									








										love									








										machines									








										movies									








										obscene									








										sad									








										shocked									








										shorts									








										signs									








										smile									








										tongue									








										toothy									








										violent									



									more tags...
								


other smilies


users


collections






mysmilies on facebook


				image hosting: imgur


				design and code copyright © 1999-2017 by cwm.
				all smilies in cwm's section are also copyright by cwm (gerald burns).
				all other smilies are copyright by their respective owners.
								if you upload any smilies from this site to your forum, please link to mysmilies.com somewhere on the smiley page.
			







