


carolina dogs, breeders in california | california carolina dogs













                      



home | history | photos | puppies | testimonials | awards | links | contact us










welcome to california carolina dogs
dog lovers welcome

    girl, the matriarch of our dogs, comes from ancestors who
    lived free ranging. first noticed back in 1961 on
    the lynches river territory, the dogs had found enough
    resources and shelter to live on their own.
    ten years ago, dr. don anderson saw a mother dog and three 
    puppies approach a spring near a pond on his family's 
    700-acre spread. one puppy was left behind, and 
    he took it home. don named this dog lynches river tadpole, 
    and this is how the lynches river kennel line of carolina 
    dogs began.
view the habitat at lynches river.


dog breed quality
i am susan b. anthony, breeder of the finest carolina dogs available. vaccinations are current. pups are guaranteed to be healthy, free of any genetic abnormality and are guaranteed to have superior conformation.

videos and slideshow

carolina dogs and pups
new puppies video
tug of war carolina puppy 
carolina dog (long jump)
carolina puppies video



  
dog breeder news
bear, one of our second generation puppies, has won nine blue ribbons 
      and was the runner-up in three best of shows at the golden 
      gate classic dog show at the university of hayward. bear completed the requirements for master championship and recorded on june 19, 2004 as a champion of beauty. view our awards page. 





national geographic
    we invite you to share our experience with national geographic in the filming of the documentary “search for the first dog” 


ancient dog magazine articles


"swiss woman travels to vallejo for rare dog" - vallejo times herald
smithsonian magazine article - very informative article on “tracking  america's native breed”
vallejo times herald - breeder is both 'particular' and 'responsible', by jessica a. york, 1/17/2010
american dingos at the downtown cafe
evolutionary history of american dogs. asian origins of native american dogs confirmed





new litter announcement december 5, 2014
view available puppies
how to buy a puppy.
 







home | history | photos | puppies | testimonials | awards | links | contact us


 california-carolina dogs connection is located at 428 banning way vallejo, ca 94510
    email: sueccdogs@comcast.net
    telephone 707-642-7332


    ©2000-2021 californiacarolinadogs.com
    





