inn at mystic | mystic ct hotel  
                 
skip to content(860) 536 -96043 williams ave, mystic, ctjhfbli




search for:


about usgift cardspresscareersroomsproperty amenitiesweddingsbook a tourhaley mansionpackages & menustraditional wedding packageelopementsrequest a proposalupcoming eventsmeetingsbook a tourexperiencesdiningpromotionslocal areacontact usbook now


search for:



homeinnatmystic2025-02-19t00:54:43+05:00sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.register nowregister now.click for reservationswelcome to the inn at mysticexplore over 15 beautiful acres overlooking the mystic harbor and fishers island sound. enjoy our walking trail, kayak along the river, shoot some hoops, walk to town, have a private picnic or enjoy a sunset cocktail with the best views in mystic. we have plenty of outdoor space!our newly renovated rooms have new hygienic flooring, upgraded furniture. most rooms are equipped with fireplaces and jacuzzi tubs.make your reservation today!the perfect getawaybook your next getaway at inn at mystic in quaint mystic, connecticut. once a private estate, the inn at mystic now consists of a hotel, restaurant, mansion, and full service banquet operations. located in the heart of historic mystic, connecticut, inn at mystic has been welcoming guests with sweeping views overlooking the mystic harbor and fishers island sound for over fifty years. with its colonial cottage-style guest rooms some with gorgeous water views, you’ll find you have made the perfect choice.relax in our comfortable guest roomsour spacious resort consists of three unique choices of lodging. choose to stay in our main building, the east wing, or the haley mansion. our uniquely appointed guest rooms are warm, inviting, and feature many of the amenities you’d expect to see in upscale hotels. stay toasty warm in front of the wood-burning fireplace, soak in the jacuzzi, or watch the sunrise from your outdoor balcony or patio.celebrate your wedding at haley mansionsince 1981, the inn at mystic has proudly hosted over a thousand wedding ceremonies and receptions. whether you desire a formal sit-down dinner, cocktail reception, buffet, or station reception, we’ll do our best to exceed your expectations. the haley mansion, a breathtaking colonial revival mansion, is the perfect place to tie the knot. the mansion sits atop a hill and is surrounded by beautiful gardens, a meadow, and a pond.for the best in personalized service, top-tier accommodations, events, and entertainment, choose the inn at mystic. make your reservation online today to experience the magic for yourself.grab a bite at rocks 21 restaurant & barduring your stay, be sure to stop into the rocks 21 restaurant & bar. the cozy, waterfront eatery serves up a diverse menu of fresh, seasonal cuisine and wood fired pizza as well as craft beers available on tap. cocktails and dinner are served daily.inn at mysticaddress: 3 williams ave, mystic, ct 06355mailing address: p.o. box 526, mystic, ct 06355reservations number: (860) 536-9604email: reservations@innatmystic.com► click here to book a roomrocks 21 restaurant & baraddress: 3 williams ave, mystic, ct 06355number: (860) 536-8140► menus
► reserve a tablesales & events officeaddress: 3 williams ave, mystic, ct 06355mailing address: p.o. box 526, mystic, ct 06355phone: (860) 536-3400► wedding packages
► request a proposal
© copyright  | sitemap | inn at mystic | hotel mystic ct | mystic ct
page load link 
call now button                                                                                  

go to top
