




star wars: galactic battlegrounds heaven

















star wars: galactic battlegrounds heaven









menu

news

news archive

faq
forums

game discussions
scenario design
modpack discussion
star wars universe
mos eisley cantina
guestbook/feedback

game info

units
buildings
technologies
civilizations
game modes
scenario editor
modpacks
cheats
all articles
star wars: empire at war

media

clone campaigns
screenshots
concept art
galactic battlegrounds
screenshots
concept art
rendered art
other
demo screens
beta screens

downloads

general
help
search
submit file
sections
top downloads
campaigns
single player scns
multi player scns
modpacks
random maps
ai files
recorded games
utilities
demo
mon calamari conversion

strategy

articles

about

contact
heavengames





news

slx studio – a new modding tool by tevious
posted by gen_rhys_dallows on october 11, 2018
for well over a decade, galactic battlegrounds modders have been using ykkrosh’s trusty modeditor and drs viewer to create new graphics files for the game. these tools have been instrumental in keeping gb alive and well over the years. today, a new modding tool is taking center stage.

the slx studio, developed by former scn punk designer tevious, is a brand new modding program containing tools for creating and editing slp and drs files. it comes packed with more functionality than ever before and is incredibly easy to learn and use.
some highlight features of slx studio:

convert slx to slp / extract slp to slx (and batch versions of these).
support for both 8-bit and 32-bit slp versions with additional support for 8-bit aoe1 slps and all 10 player color indices.
extract or create drs files for each game.
double-click graphic image for fast anchor/hotspot positioning. also support for importing/exporting csv files.
viewable selection boxes (including rectangular shaped) or selection rings.
generate data graphics tool with tolerance bars for shadows and player colors, creates outlines, auto-crops images, and can even split shadows into it’s own slx. this tool is necessary to convert from slx to slp format.
color palette editor/viewer that supports multiple formats (jasc .pal, microsoft .pal, photoshop .act, gimp .gpl, and even rendering as .png images). i’ve also embedded some palettes, including some commonly used ones.
terrain tools. create terrain slps of any size (rows and columns). includes conversion tools to create an isometric terrain map from a texture image.
batch palette swap tool that can be used to quickly recolor units.
other batch image tools for recoloring pixels, changing image format, and creating data images.
gif tool with transparency support.
slp and drs viewer tools that can save anchor changes.
play animation support for slx with speed settings.
zoom image support for slx frames.
fx editor tool to draw various effects on frames such as various sparks, weapon fire effects, engine fire effects, transparency, holocrons, relics, and more!
delta object positioner tool to determine various object positions for things like snow and fire on buildings. positions can be exported as csv files to then manually imported into age.

the slx studio can be acquired from our download section! you can learn more about the slx studio in our forums!




posted by gen_rhys_dallows on october 10, 2017
the official trailer for star wars: the last jedi, has been released! check out the video on the star wars youtube channel below. the last jedi is scheduled to hit theaters on december 15th, 2017.

come and join the discussion on our forums!



the last jedi official teaser
posted by gen_rhys_dallows on april 26, 2017
the first official teaser for star wars: the last jedi, has been released! check out the video on the star wars youtube channel below. the last jedi is scheduled to hit theaters on december 15th, 2017.

come and join the discussion on our forums!



second rogue one trailer!
posted by gen_rhys_dallows on october 13, 2016
the second official trailer for rogue one: a star wars story was released today! check out the video on the star wars youtube channel below. rogue one released on 16 december, 2016.

come and join the discussion on our forums!



new rogue one trailer released!
posted by gen_rhys_dallows on august 12, 2016
a new trailer for the upcoming rogue one: a star wars story has premiered at the rio olympics! check out the official video on the star wars youtube channel below. rogue one is slated to be released 16 december, 2016.

come and join the discussion on our forums!








		"star wars: galactic battlegrounds" is a game by lucasarts
		swgbh copyright © 2001-2025 heavengames, llc. all rights reserved.
		please read our disclaimer & privacy statements.
		














