







fort liberty - using the first amendment to protect the all the others





























 skip to content








search for:




 















fort liberty


 


home
about
subscribe
writers
guest bloggers
contact us



 search



search for:





 



 








fort liberty


 



 mobile menu

 




 





using the first amendment to protect the all the others 





 



going galt under donald trumpoctober 11, 2017october 12, 2017 

the term “going galt” is a reference to ayn rand’s epic novel atlas shrugged. in the book, john galt is subject to forced unionization when the founder of the automobile company for which he works dies and his liberal children inherit the plant. john responds by leaving the company, but also by starting an underground …


posted in economics  •  no comments on going galt under donald trump 





please stop posting these fake quotesjune 25, 2015october 14, 2017 

i do not know what motivates individuals to create fake quotes. perhaps i should be thankful that i am unable to fathom the motivations of psychopaths. i don’t know if these are well-intentioned people who simply believe that they can promote good ideas through dishonest means or if these are evilly-intentioned people who hope to …


posted in politics  •  4 comments on please stop posting these fake quotes 





putin’s propaganda people: puppets and puppeteersjune 14, 2014june 23, 2014 

if one good thing has come out of vladimir putin’s secret war against ukraine, it is how that war has exposed putin’s extensive propaganda network in the west. using classic soviet methodology, the network consists of a large number of loosely connected cells who are unaware of each others workings and loyalties. this protects the …


posted in politics  •  1 comment on putin’s propaganda people: puppets and puppeteers 





web sites which publish fake news and other hoaxesmay 15, 2014june 11, 2017 

a small group of morally-challenged individuals have discovered that there is a great deal of money to be made by publishing fake news articles. these rags publish ridiculous headlines like “monsanto is killing your children”, “ukrainians worship the devil”, and “hillary clinton’s secret affair with vladimir putin”. these inflammatory headlines are then promoted though social …


posted in featured  •  216 comments on web sites which publish fake news and other hoaxes 





new economics and investing blog launchedaugust 14, 2013august 14, 2013 

a new blog on economics and investing is being launched this week. the new web site, bankableinsight, will be focused on educating the public on economic issues that affect their lives. the site will publish economic analysis for non-economists with the intent of helping readers become more informed citizens and investors. unlike most similar web …


posted in economics  •  no comments on new economics and investing blog launched 





a few words on law for my fellow republicansjuly 2, 2013may 12, 2018 

when discussing current events with my fellow republicans, i often find myself struggling with a common misconception – the bizarre idea that “legal and illegal” are in some way synonymous with “right and wrong”, “good and bad”, or “moral and immoral.” republicans tend to be not just law-abiding folks, but also lovers of law and …


posted in politics  •  2 comments on a few words on law for my fellow republicans 




posts navigation
1
2
3
4
…
24
»
 


categories

economics

featured

humor

military

future weapons

tactical equipment



politics

environmentalism

freedom of speech

gun rights

health care

media bias



religion

uncategorized


liberty platform

armed forces of the world
arms control
class iii firearms
concealed carry
economics
first amendment
freedom of information act
guest bloggers
immigration
jury nullification
media bias
military draft
second amendment
tax reform
the fort liberty toolbar
the liberty platform
the universal web liberty statement
the war on drugs
united nations
writers



newest articles


going galt under donald trump


please stop posting these fake quotes


putin’s propaganda people: puppets and puppeteers


web sites which publish fake news and other hoaxes


new economics and investing blog launched


 




 








copyright © 2025 fort liberty — powered by suki
 





 







