



 weblog tools collection



















































 
 

 
 

 


 
 

 
 
















 
blog
archives
wordpress faq
about us
 
 
 


 
 





 
 

i am taking my leave of weblog tools collection, and thanks for everything!


not many of the present readers might know me very well, and that in part, is the reason that i have made the decision to transfer wltc to more willing and presently capable hands. i am a stranger on my blog and the time has come for me to make sure that this blog, its contents and its knowledge are archived and preserved and maybe rejuvenated at a later time. i delved into blogging tools back in 2004 when i started my masters degree in cs. i wanted some code to mess around with in my free time and everyone was talking about blogging. i looked into a variety of tools, built a small linux server for myself at home, and installed a few of the tools that were freely available at that time. i had a heck of a time getting a hold of mt (moveable type, the most well-known name) and […]
[continue reading...]


 
 

 
 



 

 where to find wordpress news
11 responses
 


                        by james on march 30th, 2013 in linkyloo, wordpress, wordpress news | 
 

the landscape of news has changed so much over the last few years that news about a particular topic or platform is readily available to anyone within an instant. with wordpress, i imagine that could be one of the perks of powering over 16% of the web, but it’s true that news is becoming incredibly accessible. in short, news is everywhere. speaking of wordpress in general, you can of course acquire official direct news from wordpress news, but you can also take a peak behind the curtain and follow news in the making at make wordpress.org. though it’s only specific to the wordpress.com blogging platform, wordpress.com news is also worth watching for wordpress development news, as wordpress.com users often get access to new wordpress features before they’re released, so you’ll be able to try new features rather than just read about them. there’s more news than just direct official news, like i […]
[continue reading...]
 
 
 

 wordpress plugin releases for 3/30
1 response
 


                        by james on march 30th, 2013 in wordpress plugins | 
 

new plugins gc message box allows you to highlight your key message(s) in smart ways within articles and blog posts. simple social icons allows you to insert social icons in any widget area. stick it allows you to stick the navigation menu in any theme to the top of browser window. updated plugins jetpack allows you to supercharge your wordpress site with powerful features previously only available to wordpress.com users. nav menu images enables uploading of images for nav menu items on the menu edit screen.
[continue reading...]
 
 
 

 wordpress theme releases for 3/28
comments off on wordpress theme releases for 3/28
 


                        by james on march 28th, 2013 in wordpress templates wordpress skins wordpress themes | 
 

airtime is a subtle and simple theme. firmasite is a responsive theme with buddypress and bbpress support. stark lite is a minimalist and simple theme.
[continue reading...]
 
 
 

 wordpress plugin releases for 3/25
comments off on wordpress plugin releases for 3/25
 


                        by james on march 25th, 2013 in wordpress plugins | 
 

new plugins easy watermark automatically adds watermark to images when they are uploaded. internet defense league cat signal automatically loads either the modal or the banner cat signal when there is an active campaign from the internet defense league. updated plugins bft autoresponder allows scheduling of automated autoresponder messages and managing a mailing list. google analytics dashboard for wp will display google analytics data and statistics inside your dashboard. wordpress mu domain mapping allows users of a wordpress mu site or wordpress 3.0 network to map their blog/site to another domain.
[continue reading...]
 
 
 

 wordpress theme releases for 3/23
1 response
 


                        by james on march 23rd, 2013 in wordpress templates wordpress skins wordpress themes | 
 

memori jingga is a responsive, clean, and simple theme. rockers is a responsive theme with a clean design. satu is an elegant single-column responsive theme.
[continue reading...]
 
 
 

 wordcamp san francisco 2013 dates announced
comments off on wordcamp san francisco 2013 dates announced
 


                        by james on march 22nd, 2013 in wordcamp, wordpress, wordpress news | 
 

the dates have been announced for wordcamp san francisco 2013, an event which is often heralded as the annual wordpress conference. wordcamp san francisco 2013 will be held on july 26 and 27 at the mission bay conference center with a developer hack day on july 28. a list of speakers is not yet available, but they would like you to nominate your favorite past wordcamp speakers. will you be attending wordcamp san francisco this year?
[continue reading...]
 
 
 

 wordpress plugin releases for 3/21
comments off on wordpress plugin releases for 3/21
 


                        by james on march 21st, 2013 in wordpress plugins | 
 

new plugins google adsense dashboard for wp will display your google adsense earnings and related reports inside your dashboard. google analytics dashboard for wp will display google analytics data and statistics inside your dashboard. updated plugins ad code manager allows you to manage your ad codes through the wordpress admin in a safe and easy way. bft autoresponder allows scheduling of automated autoresponder messages and managing a mailing list. camptix event ticketing is an easy to use and flexible event ticketing plugin.
[continue reading...]
 
 
 

 wordpress theme releases for 3/19
comments off on wordpress theme releases for 3/19
 


                        by james on march 19th, 2013 in wordpress templates wordpress skins wordpress themes | 
 

cazuela is a neutral colored theme. ilisa is a clean and minimal theme that can be easily used as a personal portfolio or a business website. partition has a light, lively, colorful, yet professional and classic appearance.
[continue reading...]
 
 

« older entries


 
 


recent posts


i am taking my leave of weblog tools collection, and thanks for everything!


where to find wordpress news


wordpress plugin releases for 3/30


wordpress theme releases for 3/28


wordpress plugin releases for 3/25


 

 
 

categories

bbpress 

best of wordpress 

blog templates blog skins blog themes 

blogging 

blogging essays 

blogging news 

brainstorming 

buddypress 

business of blogging 

cms 

code 

cold fusion 

community interviews 

cool scripts 

general 

how-to 

linkyloo 

movable type plugins 

photolog script 

podcasting 

quicklinking 

spam 

sxsw 

tla 

tutorials 

user reviews 

web design 

web ethics 

weblog add-ons 

weblog tools blog tools blogging tools 

weekly plugin review 

wltc community 

wordcamp 

wordpress 

wordpress discussions 

wordpress faqs 

wordpress for beginners 

wordpress hack 

wordpress news 

wordpress plugin competition 

wordpress plugins 

wordpress polls 

wordpress security 

wordpress templates wordpress skins wordpress themes 

wordpress tips 

wordpress tools 

wordpress troubleshooting 

wordpress weekly 

wordpress widgets 

wordpress wishlist 

xhtml tips 




 
 
obviously powered by wordpress. © 2003-2013
 
 





