










home - phillips chamber of commerce

























































 
 

















skip to content










join the chamber











member login













facebook icon









































menu 
homedirectorymembership why join the chamber member application member directory member login members accepting chamber dollars member news citizen & business of the year nomination formabout the chamber employment pacc newsletter board of directors contact usabout the area about phillips price county visitor information history trail reportsevents pacc annual events 2025 sponsorship opportunities event list events calendar











 







 





the northwoods






experience the unspoiled beauty of the northwoods! the phillips area chamber of commerce can assist you in planning your perfect visit or vacation. our friendly businesses are dedicated to serving you with welcoming resorts and motels, friendly restaurants and taverns, wonderful shops and much more! this is the northwoods experience you’ve been waiting for!






















































































plan your trip 
the phillips area is your destination for a true northwoods vacation! located in price county, the area is home to a variety of natural resources and other recreational opportunities.


about phillips area


 


















get connected















member directory


directory 
 











calendar


events 
 











information icon


about us 
 














membership icon


membership 
 











ski icon


trail reports 
 











join icon


join 
 










upcoming events














view calendar



















recreation 
enjoy 500 miles of snowmobile trails, 200 miles of atv trails; 1,000 miles of silent sports trails, and 340,000 acres of public lands. the phillips chain of lakes winds through the city of phillips and offers some great trophy fishing and other recreational opportunities! enjoy a round of golf at our regulation 9-hole golf course, play a little tennis, or try disk golf.


learn more


 


























































visitors guide 
wishing for woods and water?
searching for the sound of silence?
don't miss a thing and explore the price county visitors guide!
 








view visitors guide
































2025 premier event sponsors





















































































 













 












© 2025 phillips chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












phillips area chamber of commerce









location




305 s lake ave, phillips, wi 54555 










email




chamber@phillipswisconsin.net 










phone




715.339.4100 










facebook



















 © 2025 phillips chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















