








designed thinking | emotional change for mental clarity



















 






 
emotional change for mental clarity










home
anxiety help

anxiety and fear

agoraphobia – stopping fear
finding ptsd treatment
panic attack treatment
phobia release

about phobias
list of phobias by name
the phobia list of interesting and common fears by category


raising self esteem
social anxiety help


how to stop ocd

10 common ocd symptoms and traits
general symptoms of ocd
help for ocd
ocd facts and statistics
ocd treatment


relevant links

education links
health links
self improvement links
self improvement quotes
site map
terms for link exchange


signs of emotional abuse

grief and sadness
guilt and shame
hurt and rejection
releasing anger


who we are

contact us
disclosure
phone consultations
success stories


 
 


previous
next





 

how to stop ocd
real choices to stop ocd those suffering from obsessions or compulsions want to know one thing and one thing only; how to stop ocd. asking “how to stop ocd?” is simple. unfortunately getting a simple and easy to understand answers is not. obsessive thought patterns are complex issues resisting simply techniques and categorizations. those suffering from ocd...
read more
 
 


 

anxiety and fear
is anxiety a disease? if it isn’t, can you overcome it? there are those who want to label anxiety as a disease, primarily because the symptoms have measurable physiological responses. that’s an interesting take, as it assumes having measurable physiological responses makes something a medical condition. it also assumes a condition almost every human being has...
read more
 
 


 

signs of emotional abuse
it is easy to get wrapped up in the ups and downs of emotionally abusive relationships. victims too often miss the signs of emotional abuse, even though they are always there. how to stop being victimized most abusers have effectively learned how to bounce between attacking and retreating, keeping their victims off balance; undermining and lowering their self esteem...
read more
 
 
 




 





choice in creating change
posted  by michael on jan 27, 2022 in uncategorized | comments off on choice in creating change

thresholds are not barriers, they are gateways to change
every person has thresholds of familiarity, areas of sensitivities they don’t want to cross or unable to effectively process. when life is good; when stress levels are down, these threshold are not challenged, we feel as if we have some choice. but life isn’t always easy, we don’t always get our way; what we want and how we want it will be challenged.
during times of stress, when we feel pushed past our comfort zone to effectively process events or situations, it can seem as if our choices are being threatened. at these times our neurology shifts, creating all sorts of interesting reactions. disorientation, hyper awareness; uncertainty, anxiety, defensiveness, depression, loss of motivation, obsessions, compulsions and feelings of helplessness. the aptitude to engage in simple everyday actions diminish when our ability to create choice seems hindered. instead of embracing change at these times, we try minimize it. what we can’t process or what we feel takes away our perceptions of choices is where our fight or flight activity kicks in.
a former client of ours, janice, was the type of person whose life long battle cry for discomfort was “make it stop.” her fears controlled how she responded to anything remotely stressful. she was great at pointing out faults and complaining, yet lacking in the department of taking effective and doable action. while she hated this aspect of herself and knew it was no way to live her life, she did not know how to change it.
it was easy to understand why janice would buy one self-help book after another. she read countless pages on the internet pertaining to statistics, traits pertaining to her symptoms and issues. her emotions were being overwhelmed and all she wanted was for them to stop. she wanted immediate answers. she wanted someone to tell her how to get her life back on track. janice also did what so many tend to do, she tried to intellectualize her emotional states instead of finding ways to resolve them. she found ways to rationalize the states of mind she was stuck in and like for so many, it only raised her anxiety even more.
understanding how things work is useful in many places, but for emotional based challenges, it’s not always useful in getting closure. it also does not change the patterns of the unconscious.
for years she did nothing and nothing changed. what janice didn’t know was how to get out of her analytical thinking. she focused on problems instead of what actions to take or what she could influence. there was little connection between thoughts and emotions. where people are most emotionally stuck is where they least listen to rational ideas.
other methods were needed
it was easy for janice to blame her condition on a medical problem, on some physical dysfunction in the mind and body outside her control. the experts told this was so and they ought to know, yet it only frustrated her more because nothing was changing. the more she tried to fix herself the more it had her feeling like a failure.
easy answers aren’t always easy to find for complex issues
irrational fears aren’t always easy to understand. when she finally found a professional who did truly understand her situation, who knew how to relate to her and had tools to help her make changes, the gap between her discomfort and the life she wanted began coming together.
tania bought into the idea medication would be her savior and who can blame her. she had watched an endless tv commercials showing happy people on happy pills. her medications took the edge off her negative thinking, but she felt lethargic. the second medication didn’t do anything for her. the third prescription helped some. tania wanted the medication to be the cure.
for medications to work, the body has to already have receptors to accept the active ingredients at a cellular level, meaning her body already has the ability to produce these chemicals naturally. receptors don’t exist for chemicals the body can’t produce on its own. yet this only works if the mind and body are in sync with each other, are balanced; when thoughts and emotions, when mind and body are not in conflict.
when emotional and mental processes keep focusing on what isn’t working, they are not seeking solutions or resolutions.  if you can’t find or create these processes, stress levels tend to stay elevated.
the dance between our emotions and intellect, our conscious awareness and unconscious processes can be complex. it is easy for the nervous system to create uncomfortable and dysfunctional interactions in conflict with each other, but they can change.
read more

changing self-esteem
posted  by michael on jan 27, 2022 in anxiety help | 3 comments

 
changing self-esteem – it’s not rocket science
you feel stuck! you are not living the life you want; you don’t feel comfortable being yourself. you’re capabilities aren’t in alignment with how you want to be. yes that sucks and there’s good news, changing self-esteem is not rocket science. but if you want to change, it will require you to be different from how you currently are and most of us resist being different from what we are familiar with. this makes changing seem scary, especially when what you want to change is your self-esteem. people get stuck in thought patterns that are self defeating, believing that is how they are and have to be. yet consider this, if your self-esteem is low, are you really being yourself?
you have a huge say in whether you want to change or not. you have a huge influence in how willing you are to accept yourself as being different or whether you try and hold on to what you know. you control whether or not you have an open mind. most people are fearful of making changes in themself and fears tend to close the mind down. that can make it a bit of a catch-22.
read more




  
 

 




 

recent posts


choice in creating change


changing self-esteem


 recent commentsmichael on list of phobias by namemichael on how to stop ocda on list of phobias by namejames faulhaber on how to stop ocdmichael on list of phobias by name archives

january 2022

 categories

anxiety help

uncategorized


 meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

   cbd gummies for anxiety

  
 


 home
anxiety and fear
how to stop ocd
relevant links
signs of emotional abuse
who we are

designed by  elegant themes
 
 
 

















