








mayerson and associates | representing individuals with autism and other developmental disabilities





























































skip to content




 



(212) 265-7200info@mayerslaw.com          200 west 41st st, 17th floornew york, ny 10036 


 






menumenuhomeabout usour approach


our services


our teamnews


client intake 

























 
 


 
 


 
 































mayerson & associates offers creative, passionate, and strategic legal representation to students and their families. our core practice area is securing funding for tuition and/or related services under the federal idea statute. we also handle matters involving iep development including 1:1 aba instruction, bullying and other forms of abuse, inclusion, assistive technology, compensatory education, vocational/transition training, employment, suspension and expulsion hearings, discrimination, and child protective services (cps)/administration for children (acs) consultation. while our practice is primarily concentrated in the new york/new jersey metropolitan area, our firm consults with families both nationally and internationally. visit our services page to learn more about how we can help you.








































as many of you know, autism's declaration of independence, navigating autism in the age of uncertainty, was just released. many of you have already purchased the book, and some of you have emailed gary your thoughts. thank you, the feedback is very much appreciated!
gary is speaking with various journalists and groups about the book and the unprecedented back to school issues that families are facing this year. we hope you will join him at these online events.
the release of gary mayerson’s new book and related august events
at this unprecedented time of volatility and uncertainty, gary’s timely new book, autism’s declaration of independence—navigating autism in the age of uncertainty, provides parents, educators, and professionals with the tools and resources needed to plan for more positive and independent outcomes.
this unique book draws upon gary’s more than 20 years of experience representing more than 1200 children with autism in 35 states, as well as internationally. gary is responsible for more than 150 federal court decisions, including the first autism case to reach the u.s. supreme court, and is recognized as one of the nation’s leading “go to” experts in the field.
autism’s declaration of independence delivers essential information and planning strategies, as well as forecasts for the future. autism’s declaration of independence includes valuable and practical contributions from other top experts. it also provides readers with the intriguing backstories behind some of gary’s more notable court cases.
 autism experts are already talking about gary’s new book: 
"a marvelous book. truly comprehensive in scope and true to its title this volume is a practical guide for parents, professionals, and school districts…enriched by the author's deep experience this volume will be an invaluable resource for years to come." fred r. volkmar m.d., irving b. harris professor, yale university, new haven, ct
to learn more about the book and gary's events in august, click here!















































news room












 

 



the ideal school honors gary mayerson



				by mayerslaw webteam 
 | 

					march 30, 2022				


thank you, the ideal school for honoring gary at your 2022 gala. we enjoyed seeing old friends and meeting new read more




 

 



thank you fredda rosen



				by mayerslaw webteam 
 | 

					march 29, 2022				






 

 



happy new year!



				by mayerslaw webteam 
 | 

					december 30, 2021				


with 2021 coming to a close, we wanted to reach out and send our best wishes to you and your read more





































(212) 265-7200








info@mayerslaw.com










sign up for our newsletteremail (required) *select list(s) to subscribe tofrom site example: yes, i would like to receive emails from . (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact

















































200 west 41st street, 17th floor, new york, ny 10036

















privacy policy












© 2025 mayerson & associates - attorney advertising









 











 212-265-7200

 







             	theme by out the box


































