








your guide to employment law/employment rights in the uk - yourrights.org.uk






































































menu
skip to content




homebasic employment rights

check your employment statusemployment contracts and your rights (england)changes to contract of employmentcalculating working hoursworking too many hoursrest breaks at worktime off work
agency workers rights

agency workers basic employment rights
employee pay rights

pay and wage problemspaid under minimum wage or living wagefinal pay when leaving a job
flexible working

flexible working and your rightsplanning your flexible working applicationmaking a flexible working requestpreparing to meet your employerdiscussing your request with your employerhow to negotiate flexible working hoursflexible working request approvedflexible working request refusedflexible working request refused - further actionflexible working request discrimination
holiday rights

paid holiday entitlement – what are your rights?taking paid holidaysholiday entitlement while illhow to calculate holiday payworking bank holidays
sick pay

am i entitled to sick pay?how to get statutory sick paysecuring the correct level of sick paysick pay when pregnant
parental rights

maternity leave entitlementtypes of maternity payhow much maternity pay do i get?how to claim maternity payyour rights during maternity leavepregnancy rights at workmaternity leave is ending what are your options?protecting your maternity rightsparental rights at workparental bereavement leaveparental bereavement pay
   





yourrights.org.uk
your guide to employee rights



 contact us

 






your guide to employment law/employment rights in the uk







 home


when looking at employment law and employment rights in the uk, there is a general misconception that these relate solely to employees. the whole purpose of employment law/rights is so that both employees and employers know where they stand.
before the in-depth employment laws we have today; there were far too many loopholes and areas of confusion. however, many employees and employers are still not fully aware of their rights and obligations.



basic employment rights
uncover your basic of employment rights in the uk including your employments status, employment contracts, and more.

read more…

trying to balance protecting workers rights and allowing employers to dismiss those who do not fulfil their role is not easy.
what is employment law?
in essence, employment law dictates the relationship between employers and employees. employment law also involves third parties such as trade unions, tribunals, and other similar bodies. this is where it starts to get complicated.
one set of employment laws would dictate employer and employee rights and obligations in a perfect world. as you probably guessed, this is not the case. there is an array of employment legislation covering numerous different areas of the employment market. these include:-

employment rights act 1996
national minimum wage act 1998
employment relations act 1999
the maternity and parental leave etc. regulations 1999
part-time workers (prevention of less favourable treatment) regulations 2000
transfer of undertakings (protection of employment) regulations 2006
the equality act 2010
agency workers regulations 2010

this list is by no means exclusive, but it does give you an idea of the raft of laws that cover employee/employer relationships.
there are also additional pieces of legislation connected with the working environment and employment law. these include the:-

bribery act 2010
data protection act 2018
working time regulations 1998

once you start digging into the array of acts of parliament covering employment law, you will soon begin to realise there is a considerable depth. there are not many actions or dangers which aren’t covered.
you can find all of the acts and regulations referred to on this page on the official home of uk legislation.
do we need so many employment laws?
when looking at employment law in detail, you will notice that many older acts of parliament have been expanded and updated. it is a challenging task to keep up with all of the different trends emerging in the workplace and how they should impact employees and employers. the whole concept of employment law and equal opportunities is to create a level playing field for both employees and employers.
historically, there have been times when employers have misinterpreted or ignored employment regulations. consequently, the uk government has been forced over the years to introduce new legislation and update existing acts of parliament. it is crucial that everybody knows where they stand, their rights and obligations, and actions available if they feel they have been mistreated.
what specific topics does employment law cover?
in some cases, it is a question of which topics employment law does not cover. society and the employment market are constantly changing with new trends and challenges emerging regularly. again, this list is not exclusive, but it does give you an idea of some of the topics covered by uk employment law:-


age discrimination
bullying/harassment in the workplace
disabled employees
discrimination based on race, religion, sexuality or gender
dismissal process
employee grievances
employment contracts
equal pay
health and safety in the workplace
holiday pay
maternity
minimum wage
parental leave
personal injury claims
redundancy
working conditions
working hours

even though this list is not exclusive, it is fair to say it does cover an in-depth range of topics that might emerge in the workplace. so, the answer to the question, what specific issues do employment laws cover, is most of them.
different types of employees in the uk
there is a general misconception that employee rights are the same across the workforce, no matter what your employment status may be. in essence, there are three main types of employment status in the uk which are recognised by employment law:-
employee
this is defined as someone that has an employment contract with an employer. some of the more common rights protected by legislation include:-

confirmation of job rights and responsibilities which may or may not include an employment contract
holiday, sickness and parental leave rights
right to redundancy claim for unfair dismissal after two years of service

employees have the most rights and obligations when it comes to employment law.
worker
a worker will have a contract for services, which is different from an employment contract. while similar laws to employees often protect a worker, they can differ. some of the more common protections include:-

written terms and outline conditions of employment
right to national minimum wage
right to be paid holidays
receipt of payslips
legislation covering unlawful dismissal

there can be significant differences between the rights and obligations of employees and workers. it is, therefore, vital that you confirm your status before starting work.
self-employed
self-employment takes in company owners, freelancers and contractors who are treated as outside third parties. there is a general misconception that the self-employed are not covered by workplace health and safety regulations when working for a third party. this is not true. some of the more fundamental rights include:-

the provision of a safe working environment
protection against discrimination

there are some circumstances where those who are self-employed should be recognised as workers. this tends to be where a third party uses self-employed individuals on a quasi-exclusive basis.
what defines employment status?
there are some significant areas when it comes to identifying your employment status, but on the main, they relate to 3 specific issues:-

type of employment
method of payment
tax payments

your employer must identify your employment status because this will impact your rights going forward. therefore, all employers are obligated to provide you with a basic summary that defines your position, role, etc. this brings us to the subject of employment contracts.
do employment contracts protect you?
sometimes referred to as contracts of employment, an employment contract is simply an agreement between an employee and employer. it should clearly define the role of the employee, remuneration and hours of work. unfortunately, there is a general misconception that all employers are legally obliged to provide employment contracts to their employees.
while most employers will provide an employment contract within two months of starting work, this is not a legal obligation. however, all employers are legally obliged to provide employees with essential information detailing the likes of:-

remuneration
hours of work
location of work
method of payment
holiday entitlement
employer name
employer details

there is one further caveat to this list. in line with your employment status, you are still covered by all of the relevant employment laws. some employers may go above and beyond their obligations, perhaps with holiday entitlement, but they cannot reduce your legislative protection. it may surprise many to learn that some employers do go above and beyond their statutory minimum obligations.
verbal agreements
legally, verbal agreements are treated in the same manner as formal written agreements – they have legal protection. this may involve issues such as holiday pay, overtime, bonuses and many more subjects. even if the terms of a verbal agreement are not formally inserted into an employment contract, this does not affect your legal protection. however, it is probably sensible to request written confirmation to support any verbal agreements.
we have seen many scenarios where verbal agreements have been made with the express consent of all parties. where these agreements are broken, it can be challenging to prove to an employment tribunal that they ever existed. however, we live in a world of electronic communication, the perfect medium to confirm and clarify verbal agreements at a later date.
employment law regarding health and safety in the workplace
when it comes to health and safety in the workplace, it is the health and safety at work etc. act 1974, which is the main piece of legislation.
this act places a duty of care upon employers to protect their employees’ health, safety, and well-being. if infringements of this act have impacted you, this can form the basis for a personal injury claim.
when it comes to health and safety in the workplace, there are three main elements taken into consideration:-
right to know
every employer is obliged to inform their employees of any risks or hazards in the workplace. part of this obligation stipulates that initial and ongoing training must be given to all staff members regarding health and safety in the workplace.
right to participate
while employers have a legal obligation to make employees aware of workplace hazards and dangers, employees also have a right to participate in identifying any risks. this makes perfect sense when you consider that employees are undertaking tasks in the workplace daily.
right to refuse unsafe work
no matter how much pressure is placed on an employee by their employer, they have the legal right to refuse to work in an unsafe environment or carry out dangerous procedures. any infringement of this legal right could result in a whole range of different legal actions and compensation.
employee rights regarding flexible working
over the years, we have seen many experts predicting millions of people will work from home and the office environment will be no more. in reality, many of these game-changing predictions have failed to materialise thus far. however, one element of the workplace which has grown is flexible working.
this now prompts the question, what are your rights when it comes to flexible working and your employer’s obligations? before we look at your rights regarding flexible working, it is worth reminding ourselves of the particular activities this covers:-

job sharing
working from home
part-time hours
compressing working hours
flexitime
annualised hours
phased retirement
staggered hours

you can legally apply for flexible working if the same employer has continuously employed you for 26 weeks or more. however, while your employer is legally obliged to consider your request, they are not legally obliged to grant it.



flexible working rights
uncover your flexible working rights including planning your application, making a flexible working request, and more.

read more…

consideration of your flexible working request
looking at this from a legal point of view, your employer must:-

respond within three months
consider the request on its merits
avoid discriminatory action
present the reasoning behind their decision

if you believe that your request for flexible working hours has been unfairly considered, or you think you have been the subject of discrimination, you can take this further. the first course of action would be:-

an appeal to your employer
arbitration
employment tribunal
court

the majority of issues are resolved with a direct appeal to your employer, perhaps pointing out errors in their consideration process or mistakes in the information used. some will make it to arbitration and even an employment tribunal, but very few will make it to court.
are part-time workers treated differently under employment laws?
one of our main aims is to correct several common misconceptions, one of which surrounds the rights of part-time workers. under the part-time workers (prevention of less favourable treatment) regulations, employers are legally obliged to treat part-time workers the same as their full-time counterparts. this covers issues such as:-

pro-rata salaries
pro-rata holiday entitlement
promotion opportunities
hourly pay rates

there will be differences when comparing and contrasting the rights of full-time employees, workers and the self-employed. however, when it comes to full-time and part-time employees, there are protections in place.
additional employment rights
in reality, there will be many differences in employment contracts across different companies and different sectors. of course, they will all need to comply with the most basic employment rights/protections, but there may be further issues to consider. therefore, we will now look at some additional employment rights to which you are entitled, even if they are not explicitly mentioned in your contract.
fixed-term contracts
fixed-term contracts are commonplace where an employer is forced to bring someone in to cover maternity leave or other types of absence. employment protection ensures that those on fixed-term contracts should be treated no less favourably than their full-time employee counterparts. the use of fixed-term contracts is also limited to four years unless otherwise agreed between employer and employee.
after four years, a contract will become permanent in the eyes of the law with the enhanced protections this brings. in the past, many employers would simply take employees on with fixed-term contracts that were constantly renewed. the idea was to reduce redundancy costs and strip many employees of their fundamental employment rights. this loophole has now been closed!
wages and bonuses
many people see wages and bonuses (and other standard payments) as separate entities. in reality, the term wages covers all types of employment payments, including fees, bonuses, commissions, holiday pay and any other payments defined in your employment contract.
in years gone by, some companies introduced a whole range of deductions that reduced their net costs while reducing an employee’s income. consequently, employers can only deduct monies from your wages which are permitted under employment laws. there will be other issues, such as pension contributions, that are agreed upon between both parties. however, when looking at your monthly wage slip, you can challenge any strange deductions.
it is also important to note that all employers are legally obliged to abide by the national minimum wage legislation. however, they can agree to increase your salary with additional payments, but you cannot earn less than the minimum wage for your age.
working time regulations
when the uk was part of the eu, all member states were obliged to introduce the working time regulations. even though the uk has left the eu, the working time regulations have since been enshrined in uk law. these regulations stipulate:-
maximum working week
the standard maximum working week is currently 48 hours unless the employee has specifically opted out of the legislation. in addition, the ultimate working week is reduced for those aged between 16 and 18; they cannot work more than 40 hours a week.
holiday entitlement
some companies will offer additional holiday entitlement to attract and retain a high standard of employee. however, the minimum holiday entitlement for a full-time worker is set at a minimum of 5.6 weeks per year (pro-rata for part-time employees).
working entitlement
every employee is entitled to at least one full day off per week, as well as 20-minute rest breaks when working longer than six hours. under the law, you’re not allowed to work more than eight hours on night shift over a 24 hour period.
there are always some exceptions to the rule. however, the above regulations are the standard whether an employer or an employee. therefore, as a minimum, any exception should be agreed upon between the employer and the employee.
different types of dismissal
under uk employment laws, an employer is not allowed to dismiss an employee without good reason. some of the more common reasons include:-

poor conduct
poor timekeeping
incapable of doing the job
current role will cease to exist
contravention of uk laws
personality clash with clients/colleagues

if you believe that you have been mistreated or the subject of discrimination, you can challenge your dismissal. this is often referred to as wrongful dismissal. however, you may also come across the term constructive dismissal, which is similar. in essence, your employer has deliberately made your situation untenable, forcing your resignation.
if you were the victim of unfair/constructive dismissal, you might be able to claim significant compensation from your employer.
disciplinary procedures
to ensure employers and employees know where they stand, employers are legally obliged to have a disciplinary procedure in place. this will define how various breaches in discipline are handled and ultimately what can lead to dismissal. these include issues such as:-

verbal warnings
written warnings
final warnings
fair hearings

if your employer has followed the disciplinary process step-by-step and they have reasonable grounds for dismissal, you may have minimal protection. however, where you believe that you have been mistreated or discriminated against, you can appeal and take your complaint further.
grievance procedures
many people see grievance procedures and whistleblowing regulations as the same; this is not true. grievance procedures generally involve an employee complaining about:-

the working environment
working relationships
working conditions
discrimination

it is important to note that employers are legally obliged to consider any grievances, but you cannot be made redundant for making a grievance. that is not to say that your employer will agree with your grievance, but they have to give it due consideration.
redundancy
there are bona fide reasons why companies may look to make one or more members of their workforce redundant. this could include:-

a change in working practices
reduced business demand
cost-saving programme
removal of your particular employment role

the process is well-defined, and where there are multiple redundancies, employers are legally obliged to enter into consultation with employees. however, this leads to another potential issue covered by employment law. if you believe that the criteria used to identify those to be made redundant is unfair or discriminatory, you can challenge it.
whistleblowing
the public interest disclosure act 1998 is the primary legislation covering whistleblowers. this protects all whistleblowers from dismissal or victimisation as a consequence of their actions. in theory, it sounds perfect but in practice, it can be challenging to pinpoint actions by your employer to effectively “force you out”. however, if you feel that you have been forced out, then you can challenge the decision as either constructive or unfair dismissal. you have rights!
summary
there is no doubt that the subject of employment law in the uk appears complex and complicated. however, when you separate the various regulations, protections, and obligations, you begin to see a different picture. this is because these regulations are constantly updated to account for new working practices and new trends in both business and the workplace. not an easy job.

 














 

get in touch
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *subjectget in touch with:get in touch with:general enquiriessupportselect category with issue:employee rightspay rightsflexible workingholiday rightssick payparental rightsothercomment or message *submit 



search



 

email email@yourrights.org.uk

 

useful pageshome
contact us
privacy policy
disclaimer
sitemap
 copyright © www.yourrights.org.uk

 




we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





necessary							


necessary

always enabled




necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.wp_cerber24 hoursthis cookie is set by wp cerber security plugin with the sole purpose of securing https://www.yourrights.org.uk by detecting and mitigating any malicious activity. this cookie’s names have been randomly generated and contains randomly generated values. no personal or sensitive data is stored in this cookie. 






analytics							


analytics





analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookiedurationdescriptionis_unique5 yearsthis holds data on your visits to websites (including www.yourrights.org.uk) which use statcounter. it's used solely to determine if you're a first-time visitor or returning visitor on each website and to estimate your accumulated unique visits per website. no personal information is stored in the cookiemf_ba9f1e37-77db-4663-ac8f-a9818e3da994sessionthis cookie contains information about the current session, but does not contain any information that can identify the visitor. the cookie is deleted when the session ends, meaning when the visitor leaves the website.mf_user90 daysthis cookie establishes whether the user is a returning or first time visitor. this is done simply by a yes/no toggle - no further information about the visitor is stored. this cookie has a lifetime of 90 days.sc_is_visitor_unique2 yearsthis cookie is set by the website that you visit, in this case www.yourrights.org.uk. when it is first set, a random id is generated and stored in the cookie in order to avoid counting you as a visitor more than once (e.g. if you are on a mobile device and your ip address changes while you browse). similarly to the is_unique cookie, this cookie also stores a count of your returning visits. 












save & accept










 



















