














tapia center for excellence and equity in education | rice university




































      skip to main content
    






 



rice university
tapia center for excellence and equity in education









     





menu














search form







main nav




< back


about us


professor richard a.tapia


people


board members




k12 student programs


k12 educator programs


support the tapia center




close




















welcome to the tapia center









the tapia center is designed to empower motivated, academically successful, underrepresented students, who are passionate about their education. the programs open rice university and higher educational experiences to emerging scholars deserving of academic opportunity.






 




current programs
 you have the power to increase the stem workforce. donate today!












 tapia pd camps for k12 educators


learn more












 tapia camps for k12 students


learn more












 tapia carbon capture and storage project


learn more












 work at tapia camps in summer 2025


learn more












 tapia camps session: techniques of a pro mathematician


learn more












who is dr. richard tapia?











for the past four decades, professor richard tapia, a rice university professor, the maxfield-oshman professor in engineering, and a 2011 recipient of the national medal of science, has led rice’s efforts to prepare underrepresented groups for success in stem fields. under his leadership, rice has significantly increased the number of minority students and women receiving doctorates in stem subjects, and tapia has spoken to almost a quarter-million students and professionals about underrepresentation and diversity around the united states. in addition, the center has provided training and guidance to over 6,000 college students and 2,500 k-12 teachers since its inception. all students should have opportunities to achieve their dreams, and the tapia center for excellence and equity in education was established to do so. read more about dr. tapia









impact of the tapia center














support the mission of the tapia center






help underrepresented groups in stem
assist the tapia center in providing opportunities for students and educators to participate in transformative programs that inspire them to pursue their passions. support students, educators, and the tapia center.
donate now




 






professional development camps
people
history of the tapia center
molssi workshop
rgem
back to top



6100 main st., houston, tx 77005-1827 |
mailing address: p.o. box 1892, houston, tx 77251-1892 |
713-348-0000 | privacy policy | campus carry










