





life, liberty, and the pursuit of geekdom - nuketown










































































skip to content 


menu 
blog

events
fitness
geek dad


books & print

off the bookshelf
reading lists
top of the pile


games

game day
rpg blog carnival
reviews

board game reviews
card game reviews
miniature game reviews
video game reviews
role-playing game reviews




movies & tv

news
reviews


music & audio

news
reviews
columns

podcast playlist




podcasts

nuketown radio active


 




searchsearch 












 




















fallout 2d20: meet steve nugunnar
back when the new fallout series debuted on amazon prime, the lair of secrets crew geeked out about how good the series was … and about the possibility of running a fallout 2d20 campaign. that led to david moore putting together a fallout adventure as our next actual play for the podcast. after doing a 1st level playlets, we decided to … read more 












ghost station
space is a big and lonely place, and that isolation can do strange and terrible things to people’s minds. in s.a. barnes’ ghost station (amazon), it can lead to a mental disorder known as eckhart-reiser syndrome (ers). the syndrome leads to mental decline, ultimately leading to a catastrophic break with reality … as well as murder … read more 












geek tree 2024 – beam me up
geek tree 2024 returns to the star trek universe, adding one long-wished for ornament: the u.s.s. enterprise ncc-1701b. the geek tree is a long-running tradition in my house. it dates back to the late 1990s, when my wife and i realized my geeky ornaments threatened to overwhelm the family tree. we exiled them to their own, smaller … read more 




eclipse 2024
burlington, vt was one of the best places to see 2024’s eclipse, and i was there, watching the sky turn dark with my daughter and son. read the post. 


summer reading 2024
nuketown’s 17th annual science fiction and fantasy summer reading list is over, but you can still read the book reviews! 








terminusnovember 29, 2024
dune messiahseptember 24, 2024
age of ashseptember 21, 2024

project: ready player one replay
the ready player one replay is an ongoing exploration of the games that inspired the novel ready player one by ernest cline. love it or hate it, there’s value in revisiting our geeky roots.








zork – ready player one video game replayjuly 9, 2024








dig dug – ready player one video game replayjanuary 6, 2024








pac-man – ready player one video game replaydecember 30, 2023


column: game day
nuketown’s game day columns focus on running and playing in rpg campaigns, from prep to execution to reflection. 








fallout 2d20: meet steve nugunnarjanuary 20, 2025








farewell to google jamboardmarch 24, 2024








entering the matrix of cyberpunk red campaignsjune 18, 2023

radiation cloud 
alastair reynolds
apple
atari
baseball
battlestar galactica
brandon sanderson
broken ankle saga
call of cthulhu
comic books
conventions
d&d
delta green
dice
dragon age
dungeons and dragons
dungeons and dragons 3rd edition
dungeons and dragons 4th edition
dungeons and dragons 5th edition
fate
geek tree
gencon
gencon 2007
greyhawk
gurps
hellboy
heroclix
hiking
iain banks
jack campbell
james s.a. corey
john scalzi
lunchtime gaming
macos
marvel
mepacon
monster week 2010
monster week 2013
mutants & masterminds
nintendo
nuke(m)con
numenera
ornament-a-day 2019
os x
parenting
pathfinder
planetorn
podcasts
ready player one
running
savage worlds
second darkness
spider-man
star trek
star wars
star wars: saga edition
superheroes
the day after ragnarok
weird pulp
x-men
xbox 360














about nuketown nuketown is a speculative fiction website that’s been published continuously since 1996.
it’s publishing focus is articles, reviews and editorials about science fiction, fantasy, and horror with heroic overtones. it covers a variety of topics within the speculative fiction genre, including games, movies, soundtracks, books, and websites.
radiating from easton, pa.

 

subscribe to podcastapple podcastsgoogle podcastsandroidby emailrss 


join the newsletter






subscribe to radiations

				by clicking submit, you agree to share your email address with nuketown and mailchimp to receive updates from the site. use the unsubscribe link in those emails to opt out at any time.			


				processing…			

				success! you're on the list.			

				whoops! there was an error and we couldn't process your subscription. please reload the page and try again.			

 






© 2025 nuketown • built with generatepress 

























