state farm insurance, for over 100 years. get a quote today - state farm®create an affordable price, just for youintroducing the state farm® personal price plan®productautoauto + rentersmotorcyclehomeownerscondo ownersrenterssmall businesslifemedicare supplementsupplemental healthpet insurancezip codestart a quotecontinue a saved quoteno login requiredpay a billenroll in autopaygo paperlessget id cardquick actionsget proof of insurancefile a claimtrack a claimexplore our insurance productsvehiclepropertyhome & propertypersonalbusinesssmall businesscarmotorcycleboatatv & off-roadrv & motorhometravel trailer & camperhomeownerscondominiumrentersrental propertypersonal articlesmanufactured homelifepersonal liabilityhealthdisabilityidentity theft protectionpet medicalbusiness ownerssmall businesscommercial umbrellacommercial autocontractorworkers' compensationsurety and fidelity bondsfarm & ranchdiscounts for dayswhen you personalize your protection, we’ll also help you find ways to save with a variety of options.
discount typesbundle & saveauto discounts & savingsproperty discounts & savingsbundle & saveadditional savings are available if you have other state farm insurance products, such as homeowners, renters, condo, or life insurance in addition to vehicle insurance.1 you could save as much as $1,2732.
learn more about bundlingbundle & saveadditional savings are available if you have other state farm insurance products, such as homeowners, renters, condo, or life insurance in addition to vehicle insurance.1 you could save as much as $1,2732.
learn more about bundlingauto discounts & savingssee the choices state farm offers with vehicle insurance. like savings up to 30%3 with drive safe & save® or up to 20%4 for safe-driving young adults with steer clear®.
save money with auto discountsauto discounts & savingssee the choices state farm offers with vehicle insurance. like savings up to 30%3 with drive safe & save® or up to 20%4 for safe-driving young adults with steer clear®.
save money with auto discountsproperty discounts & savingsexplore the options state farm offers with homeowners insurance from bundling1 and home protection devices to roofing material or wind mitigation discounts.
save money with homeowner discountsproperty discounts & savingsexplore the options state farm offers with homeowners insurance from bundling1 and home protection devices to roofing material or wind mitigation discounts.
save money with homeowner discountsreasons you can count on state farmsince 1922, we’ve been working hard to help better protect you and those you love. we think our numbers reflect that care.
$1,273that’s how much you could save if you choose to personalize your bundle with state farm.2
91 million +we’re already helping a lot of your neighbors, providing insurance and financial service products on more than 91 million policies and accounts.
19,000 agentsevery policy comes with a dedicated agent. if you need a hand, your state farm agent is ready to help.
we’re in the business of helpingtalk with a state farm agent about creating a personal price plan to help you save money and help protect you and your loved ones.
zip codefind an agenta legacy of protectionwe’ve always taken a future-forward approach to developing or offering products and solutions to meet your ever-changing needs. that’s truer today than ever before.
help protect your businessexplore the wide range of products to help defend what you worked so hard to build.
small business insurancebank on itmeet third-party products that allow you to bank when, where, and how you want.
banking alliancesplan for your futureget a head start with mutual funds, annuities, educational savings and retirement planning.
investment servicesthe state farm mobile app takes the neighborhood with you24/7/365 accessmake a paymentfile and manage claimsget roadside assistanceget id cards and moregood neighbors, better worldstate farm goes beyond insurance to help you and your space.
communityworking to bring communities closer together.
see what we're doingenvironmentstriving to be more planet friendly.
see how we're doingknowledgeinsights we've gathered from over 100 years.
see what we've learnedcareersjoin the team and learn how you can become a good neighbor.
see what you could be doinghave questions? call 800-statefarmauto & home insurancecar insurancehome insurancerenters insurancecondo insuranceboat insurancemotorhome insurancemotorcycle insurancelife & health insurancelife insurancemedicare supplement insurancesupplemental health insurancedisability insurancepet medical insuranceinvestment servicesmutual funds & morecustomer caremanage your accountsfind a repair facilitypay insurance billsdownload mobile appfile or track a claimcontact an agent virtuallybanking optionsall about bankingadditional resourcesnewsroomsimple insights®social responsiblitycorporate & business developmentventuresauto & home insurancecar insurancehome insurancerenters insurancecondo insuranceboat insurancemotorhome insurancemotorcycle insurancelife & health insurancelife insurancemedicare supplement insurancesupplemental health insurancedisability insurancepet medical insuranceinvestment servicesmutual funds & morecustomer caremanage your accountsfind a repair facilitypay insurance billsdownload mobile appfile or track a claimcontact an agent virtuallybanking optionsall about bankingadditional resourcesnewsroomsimple insights®social responsiblitycorporate & business developmentventures1 customers may always choose to purchase only one policy, but the discount for two or more purchases of different lines of insurance will not then apply. savings, discount names, percentages, availability and eligibility may vary by state.
2 average annual per household savings based on a 2023 national survey by state farm of new policyholders who reported savings by switching to state farm.
3 discounts may exceed 30% and vary state-to-state (ny capped at 30%). not available in ca, ma, ri. setup required.
4 discounts and their availability may vary by state and eligibility requirements. not all vehicles or drivers are eligible for discounts.
prices are based on rating plans that may vary by state. coverage options are selected by the customer, and availability and eligibility may vary.
deposit products offered by u.s. bank national association. member fdic.
neither state farm nor its agents provide tax or legal advice.
google play and the google play logo are trademarks of google llc.
statefarm.com® search results powered by microsoft bing (microsoft privacy statement)
state farm®you are leaving our website. we are directing you to another site that is not owned or controlled by state farm® and we are not responsible for its content. please consult its terms of use and privacy policy. would you like to continue?continuecancel



 learn more about privacy. we use cookies on our site. 


  accept  opt out  manage cookies

 


