














	amazing facts - christian media




























donate

























about us













about pastor doug

bio
speaking schedule
ministry newsletter
books written by pastor doug
pastor doug's facebook page











about amazing facts

history of amazing facts
belief statement
mission statement
employment opportunities
why i give











contact us

   6615 sierra college blvd, granite bay, ca, 95746
   (916) 434-3880
email us
share your testimony
share a prayer request
ask a bible question








news & features








articles



news
the source for everything happening at amazing facts.








af blog
understanding the latest news through a biblical lens.








changed lives
heart-touching stories of lives impacted by the ministry. 








pastor doug's newsletter
special insight and inspiration straight from the president’s desk.








inside report magazine
amazing facts’ quarterly guide featuring news, articles, bible answers, and more.








events



prophecy seminars
understand bible prophecy and more at these local events in your area.








evangelism training
featuring courses and local seminars on how to be a better witness in your community.








pastor doug speaking
the latest information on all of pastor doug’s upcoming events.








live church events
join pastor doug’s church for special music, inspiring sermons, and empowering church training.








resources



af i-tools
spread the word using these free digital resources from the ministry, including plug-ins, banners, and more.








our other websites
fast access to all of amazing facts’ english and foreign-language bible-based websites.










bible study













get daily bread





daily devotional
sign up for your daily dose of spiritual insight and encouragement from amazing facts.








verse of the day
an inspiring passage from scripture delivered to your inbox every day!








bible reading plan
a guide for walking through all of scripture in just a year—with catch-up days built in.













deepen your walk


get to know jesus
god's promises
scripture picture gallery
scripture pictures by books of the bible


are you grieving?
are your burdens heavy?
are you lonely?
are you struggling with guilt?










study tools




free online bible school

															the world-renowned amazing facts bible school will help you know god’s word better than ever.
															
enroll in online course
enroll in correspondence course








bible study guides
all 27 lessons of our popular bible lesson series available at the click of your mouse.








free book library
access dozens of amazing facts topical scripture books from pastor doug and others.










media library








watch



   aftv
amazing facts 24/7 television station featuring the best in bible study streamed lived and on-demand.








sabbath school study hour
helping you get the most out of your sabbath school quarterly every week.








amazing facts with doug batchelor
our flagship program features the most informative and inspiring messages from pastor doug and more.








pastor doug's weekly message
worship with pastor doug’s church each week, featuring beautiful music and life-changing bible study.








listen



   amazing facts radio


															listen to all of amazing facts audio programming whenever and wherever you go. 
															
download af radio app for iphone or android








bible answers live
pastor doug’s worldwide radio program will help you find answers to your biggest bible questions.








podcasts & rss feeds
on-demand amazing facts audio featuring a wealth of spiritual guidance and inspiration.









more options



   all archived programs
access to our entire media library in one easy-to-use and easy-to-search location.





aftv program schedule
ways to watch
free offers
station locator
broadcast in your area!
programs by scripture
programs by topic
programs by language







donate  













ways to give

 donate now! - our greatest need
latest opportunities
donate by project
donate monthly












gift impact





changed lives (videos)
see how your gifts changed another life.








seasons of opportunity (videos)
in every time and season, there is an opportunity to share hope in christ.








partners in evangelism
see how your gifts made a lasting difference recently.








your annual impact
learn how your faithful giving helped thousands know christ this last year.








year-end review video review 













partnership choices

give through a will or trust
charitable gift annuities
give stocks and bonds
give real estate
give a vehicle









store





visit afbookstore.com




pastor doug's books
discover all the informative and inspiring books from the speaker and president of amazing facts.








sharing materials
witness to friends and family with these powerhouse resources on a wide variety of biblical topics.










kids products
products that will appeal to the young and young at heart.








devotionals
strengthen your walk with christ with these life-changing devotionals from your friends at amazing facts.










bibles
dig into the word and become a bible expert with amazing facts line of study bibles and more.








clearance items
these deals on incredible witnessing and bible resources don’t last long! get yours before supplies run out.










special events
af latino































latest broadcasts










free will, love, and divine providence


the god of the bible could not be more different from these demonic forces. yahweh is perfectly good and his character changeless. and it is only because of god’s constant goodness that we can have any hope, now and for eternity.
watch now!
												














the law of the lamb, pt. 1


how do christians relate to the ten commandments without being legalists? is obedience legalism? part 1 of 2
watch now!
												














five principles for biblical healing


god’s original plan was that we would live forever.  but because of sin, sickness and death came in.  we want to be as healthy as we can, as long as we can.  it’s easier to serve god when you’re in good health.  god designed us to want to live forever.  that is why the most important healing is spir
watch now!
												






































what's on now?

the shepherd king, pt. 9 - mighty and mercifulwith pastor doug batchelor
david was a mighty king.  there is no mention in the bible of him losing any battle.  in the same way if you have jesus as your general you have nothing to fear.

see program schedule

live broadcasts schedule













































pastor doug's newsletter
an exciting tv comeback!

insp has invited amazing facts back onto their giant network on sunday mornings! you can reach thousands more for christ with last-day truth every week when you support tv evangelism. this prime timeslot is when many are searching for christian teaching. it’s time to uplift truth to more people in our dark and broken world. thank you!

read more  













 featured product 





moving mountains: a daily devotional moving mountains is about getting back to the bible and listening to god's voice better. it is filled with hundreds of amazing facts about the world in which we live—facts that will engage the reader and provide a fun and practical devotional experience for each day of the year.buy now  









news & features








free afcoe training intensive coming this march!
the amazing facts center of evangelism will present an empowering, weeklong discipleship program, march 24–27, 2025—for free! it’s perfect for anyone who wants to fulfill jesus’ commission in these last days.





ignite evangelism in your church in 2025!
is your church participating in the north america division’s pentecost 2025 initiative? if so, amazing facts has a turnkey solution to help you succeed in your evangelistic campaign this year!





coming in march: the creation or evolution summit!
the creation or evolution summit, a special, two-day event presented by amazing facts international, begins friday, march 28 at 7:00 pm pt. come discover your purpose!















af blog
aviation disasters: finding faith in tragedy

despite our broken world consumed by tragedy, if we choose to trust god, he will provide the support we need when life doesn’t make sense—and grant us an infinitely better future.

read more  












testimonies of changed lives












dennis

















pastor doug

















matthew

















eagle and eric

















finding peace in chaos!

















year in review 2024

















lance


















featured
                        websites









afcoe
want to be a soul-winner? afcoe can help!
visit now
                                            












af summit (creation or evolution)
join us as we discover the truth of our beginnings.
visit now
                                            












af evangelism
ignite evangelism in your church in 2025!
visit now
                                            
























featured pages

  media library 
  daily devotional 
  free book library 
  bible study guides 
  god's promises 
  donate 
  employment opportunities 
  planned giving 





recent articles







opening blind eyes


 






aviation disasters: finding faith in tragedy













©
amazing facts international6615 sierra college blvdgranite bay, ca 95746


				amazing facts is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization
				phone #(916) 434-3880  |  tax id# 82-2966470
terms of use
  |  privacy statement
  |  info@amazingfacts.org



facebook
whatsapp
telegram
email
print
copy














































