



st. clair county road commission




















































about

about the road commission
adopt a road
our board
employment
road millage
transparency
policies
staff directory


road work & construction

current projects
past projects
weight restrictions
traffic counts


permits

all season (class a) road list
permit fees
permit requirements & applications
plat street development guidelines


doing business with sccrc

bid express
annual bids for 2025
rfp (bids)
wwtp for 2022


news

current announcements
road watch
board meetings
board meetings for 2024


contact us

faq


 






✕





















st. clair county road commission 
							since 1913 
							
 





learn more about us 

current announcements


view 2025 annual bids

public comment form

bid summary 2025
current job postings summer student help
the st. clair county road commission is currently accepting applications for summer help at our various facilities and departments. examples of duties are mowing, flagging, general maintenance, and providing general assistance to our engineering and production departments.
ideal candidates will be college students 18 plus years of age and must possess a strong work ethic. we offer a 4 day/10 hour work schedule and an hourly rate of $15.00.
a full job description and applications are available at our central service center located at 21 airport dr., st. clair, mi or at our website www.sccrc-roads.org.drug test required. eoesummer help engineering - job description 

summer help production - job description 

employment application - administration 

civil design engineer
the st. clair county road commission currently is accepting applications for the position of design engineer. we are looking for the candidate to have a bachelor’s degree in civil engineering, and should have a basic knowledge of design principles associated with bridge and road construction. wages commensurate with license and experience, $58,136.00 –$92.165.00, non-exempt position.
education/experience:• bs in civil engineering• pe preferred but not required• 1-8+ years of related work experience• cadd experiencebenefits• retirement program with up to 10% match• health/dental/vision insurance• flexible spending account• short-term disability program• life insurance• holiday/vacation/sick timeresponsibilities• develop and analyze various design computations for the development of various projects or tasks using the cadd system• must have the ability to read and understand road and bridge design plans with the aptitude to convey and/or discuss facets of said plans with construction staff.• must have the ability to review and inspect projects, check alignment of construction, keep detailed records to warrant payment of contractor, and make final measurements and evaluations or cross-sections of the completed project.• may perform daily or yearly bridge inspections.• may perform duties associated with gathering and organizing gis data, on using paser rated road systems, roadsoft, and arcmap• demonstrates ethical conduct, maintaining confidentiality and ensuring safety and security in all aspects of work, strict adherence to safety protocols and guidelines, fostering a safe working environment for yourself and others.• must have the ability to perform a variety of tasks related to or associated with the engineering functions (i.e. surveying, inspection, permitting, and design) of the road commission.applications are available at 21 airport drive, st. clair, mi 48079, or at our website www.sccrcroads.org. please send application and resume to the attention of the h/r department to roads@stclaircounty.org. drug test required. equal opportunity employer.employment application - administration 

what do you need?apply for a permit
sccrc processes a range of permits, from driveways to road approaches, utilities, and oversize loads.
learn more 
coming soon: online permit submissions 
report an issue
to report non-emergency road issues. for emergencies, please call us at (810) 364-5720.
learn more 
current construction
learn more about this year’s construction projects, road closures and detours.
learn more 




blue cross blue shield surprise billing notice 
















 21 airport drive
st. clair, mi 48079-1404
main phone: (810) 364-5720 • fax: (810) 364-9050
main office hours: 8 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. monday – friday
transparency

need help finding a page?


✕



 

 







                © 2020 st. clair county road commission. all rights reserved.              





































