







welcome worldwide writers!





author-me
innisfreepoetry
reservebooks
cookcomm

 
privacy policy
view our full booklist
(30% off on most titles)    
read "into the blaze" - an interview with greg mcbride, editor of our poetry website, innisfree poetry journal, winner 2011 liam rector first book prize for poetry
      


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



the authorme group

author me (us)

visit author-me (usa) - meet publisher bruce cook

this website includes authorme.com and author-me.comsince 1999 we have published  1,412 stories 567 articlesfrom all over the world

recent postings...
into the darkness, by khaled alnobani (jordan)
echoes, by khaled alnobani (jordan)
unseen shadows, by chifuniro e. banda (malawi)
story from the future, by khaled alnobani (jordan)
agony, by khaled alnobani (jordan)
snowy night, by fabrã­cio f. aires (brazil)
london sparks, by a p von k'ory
overlooked cons of social media, by goodwell kaipa (malawi)
the craft drives you, by khaled alnobani (jordan)
malawi - reminiscences of covid 19, by goodwell kaipa (malawi)
force a plot into a story, by khaled alnobani (jordan)
in loving memory, 1st anniversary in heaven, by john oryem (s. sudan)
memory lane by okorie fabian ugochukwu (nigeria)
adults out of control, by lucas pawlik (austria)
man as an image of god, by s m zakir hussain (bangladesh)
on security lapses and acquaintances, by goodwell kaipa, malawi
the plight of the mentally ill, by goodwell kaipa, malawi
rare life of a matriarch: mama agnes ladur otto, by john oryem, south sudan 
the chief of her personal security (part 3), by henry chukwuemeka onyema (nigeria) 
the chief of her personal security (part 2), by henry chukwuemeka onyema (nigeria) 
the chief of her personal security, by henry chukwuemeka onyema (nigeria) 
lord of the moonlight dances, by wanangwa mtawali (malawi)
how julia got the job, by henry chukwuemeka onyema (nigeria) 
back story - myth values theory, by muli wa kyendo, managing editor, author-me.com (kenya)
our struggle against corruption, by khaled alnobani (jordan)
the temptation at st. peter's - part 1, by henry chukwuemeka onyema (nigeria) 
the wedding gift, by donna kapira (malawi)
the strange case of maestro jekyll and seã±orâ hyde, by phillip ghee (usa)
review of: consuming to excess, by jamileh dastmardi (cypress) 
review of: science as a reason of state, by jamileh dastmardi (cypress) 
urgent open letter from iflac to president mahmoud abbas, by dr. hilarie rseman (australia)
verification of role modeling in iranian t.v series, by ali  abdosamadi (cypress)
the man who stopped, by phillip ghee (usa)
the ladies at the white board, by henry chukwuemeka onyema (nigeria)
the locust boy, by fareed ismail (sudan)
every woman is guilty, by nonso uzozie (nigeria)
five simple formulas for easy life, by dr. chinta mani yogi (nepal)
on the london train, by muli wa kyendo (kenya)
the two aspects of the israel-palestinian conflict, by dr. hedva rabinson bachrach (israel)
intercultural humanism and value oriented education, by dr. chintamani yogi (nepal)
rodney allen harrington, iii, by warren turner (usa)
education for peace (with gandhian perspective) , by dr, chinta mani yogi (nepal)
the west and the fascist mindset within: romani folk under fire, by dr. rais neza boneza (norway)
tryst, by isaac attah ogezi  (nigeria)
wireless in its heyday, by k.s. mulholland (australia) 

the days when radio reigned supreme
bob & dolly dyer 
two young men
memories of hsv 7 melbourne  graeme mcnamara and phil 'dixie' duncan
leaves of time 
television. early days in melbourne 
harold holt, paul dethridge and me 
the one-hundredth anniversary of the beginning of the great war 
norman spencer g.t.v 9 / h.s.v 7, and alf potter h.s.v 7 
early television days in melbourne, australia. the 1960's. 
world of sport - 2. 
robert (bob) meillon. parts 1 and 2.


 


blog
author-me on world peace
join the emerging writers group on linkedin.com      
the black eagle girls series       
please register with us and receive our newsletter      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 




