     turfgrass home - turfgrass  
          
  
skip to content turfgrass








search for:



51287homeaboutbusinessenvironmentgrassesmanagementprivacy policylogin / register turfgrasshomeaboutbusinessenvironmentgrassesmanagementprivacy policylogin / registerturfgrass hometurfgrass is mown vegetation of grasses, plants in the poaceae family, part of humanity’s cultural and biological landscape. turf gives people and other animals healthy outdoor surfaces to move around, cleans and recharges groundwater, develops and conserves soil, and sequesters carbon. grassy meadows remind us people of our intimate connection to a natural heritage and give our communities sense of place.follow:weed identificationneed help…live in dfw sodded palmetto s/a last year looked great…over seeded winter rye…mow yard looks awful.  is it tarr or just bad idea of winter rye?need help: weed control for ornamental perennial peanut (rhizomes type)?identification and history of bitterblue st. augustinegrasssouth florida turfgrass field day and expobishopd521 on reviving dead st augistine grass2018-08-12i almost forgot do not over water. floratan /seville all strains of st. augustine are suseptible to fungus from over…bishopd521 on reviving dead st augistine grass2018-08-12i am from the north and it has taken me five yrs to learn and undertand seville lawns. no 1…phil busey on need help…live in dfw sodded palmetto s/a last year looked great…over seeded winter rye…mow yard looks awful.  is it tarr or just bad idea of winter rye?2018-06-19to insert an image into a new post, either first upload it using the "+ new" button in the upper…phil busey on need help…live in dfw sodded palmetto s/a last year looked great…over seeded winter rye…mow yard looks awful.  is it tarr or just bad idea of winter rye?2018-06-19to insert an image < 2 mb in size in a comment, below "leave a reply" click browse.sam cates on need help…live in dfw sodded palmetto s/a last year looked great…over seeded winter rye…mow yard looks awful.  is it tarr or just bad idea of winter rye?2018-06-17how do you post pictures...found link to images, but still unable to post pics.recent posts
weed identification
need help…live in dfw sodded palmetto s/a last year looked great…over seeded winter rye…mow yard looks awful.  is it tarr or just bad idea of winter rye?
need help: weed control for ornamental perennial peanut (rhizomes type)?
identification and history of bitterblue st. augustinegrass
south florida turfgrass field day and exporecent commentsbishopd521 on reviving dead st augistine grassbishopd521 on reviving dead st augistine grassphil busey on need help…live in dfw sodded palmetto s/a last year looked great…over seeded winter rye…mow yard looks awful.  is it tarr or just bad idea of winter rye?phil busey on need help…live in dfw sodded palmetto s/a last year looked great…over seeded winter rye…mow yard looks awful.  is it tarr or just bad idea of winter rye?sam cates on need help…live in dfw sodded palmetto s/a last year looked great…over seeded winter rye…mow yard looks awful.  is it tarr or just bad idea of winter rye?moreanimalsbahiagrassbermudagrassbusinesscool-season grassesenvironmentestablishmentfertilizationgrassesgroundcoversirrigationjobsmanagementmowingpestssolving problemsst. augustinegrasstall fescueuncategorizedwarm-season grassesweedszoysiagrassaboutemail ph**@ph*******.comturfgrass © 2025. all rights reserved.         



