





ocbody.com / psinteractive.net - john di saia md - orange county plastic surgeon











ocbody.com
the oc's board certified plastic surgeon specializing in surgery of the breast & body



procedures
breast
liposuction
tummy tuck
contact





dr di saia online

youtube channel
twitter
facebook
i spend way too much time online






 



 
the ocbody.com client
is different from the average plastic surgery patient. she (it could have just as easily been a he) is smart and internet savvy. she is looking for a quality certified plastic surgeon without pretense or bull. she is not so concerned with the furniture in the office but rather the quality of care she receives in it. she has read dr di saia's reviews on one or more internet sites and understands that dr d does not run a chop shop. she likes that. 
think of ocbody.com as your alternative to the "newport beach baffle you with arrogance and bull" plastic surgery practice. dr di saia focuses on his patients personally treating them discreetly with respect and no rush. the truth is spoken here. some patients travel great distances to see us and we appreciate that.     

this site has been an ongoing project for the doctor for nearly twenty years and is large. it is written as an informative source for people interested in plastic surgery. prospective patients may wish to move to their procedure of choice. others may enjoy the doctor's articles written for the newspaper and a few magazines.
 

to schedule all appointments:
(949) 369-5932
main office

3553 camino mira costa, suite asan clemente, ca.
orange "convenience" satellite

630 south glassell suite 100 corange, ca.





main menu

 
patients

announcements & current news
the office
directions to the office
about john di saia md
our commitment to you
fees and financing
 testimonials

"big" surgery

index page
"after gastric bypass" surgery
breast
breast lift
breast reduction
after breast cancer recon
liposuction
tummy tuck
body lifts
facial
labiaplasty

 

 



× close





 
pre/post-op

do not take drug list
surgeon credentials
fees and financing
 weight loss plastic surgery
post-op and sex

smaller procedures

 laser surgery
acne, wrinkles & skin pigment
skin cancer
mole & lump removal
 stretch mark treatment
about scars and scarring
 earlobe repair
 botox treatment
"natural" lip enhancement

practice

dr di saia's practice & health insurance
 medicare plastic surgery?
emergency plastic surgery
dr d and wound care/surgery
 dr di saia discounts cosmetic surgery for active military


editorial


 does a plastic surgeon ever say "no?"
 cheap plastic surgery
 medical malpractice in plastic surgery
 what's a plastic surgeon?
 the doctor: patient interview
 thinking about cosmetic surgery
 surgery: the concept

questions

 "to answer your questions"
 contact/typo?

misc

 privacy policy



 


© john di saia md... an orange county  california plastic surgeon    serving southern california since 1997 * (949) 369-5932
 


