












  
                                     
    








1/12/2010: scribner dna results posted...see below link.











 



 

people have 
        visited my page since our last update!
 
 














interior 
    of the gilman garrison house, exeter, new hampshire.  this house -- 
    which still stands to this day -- was constructed in 1690 by john gilman, 
    brother of sarah gilman, one of the direct john scribner ancestors.
scribner families
welcome to the scribner families website!
this website is the major project of the scribner family association, a 
    nonprofit organization dedicated to discovering and preserving the family 
    history of the descendents of the two early new england scribner 
    progenitors:  john scriven of dover, new hampshire, and benjamin 
    scribner of norwalk, connecticut.  for the most recent updates 
    to family genealogical data, see 
    scribner news. 
note: our database guru, ray scribner, has such an 
	extensive database that it currently exceeds the bounds of our html 
	translation software!  until we are able to locate new software that 
	can handle the huge size of his database (over 33,000 individuals!) we will 
	not be able to post updates of the data.  however, ray is still posting 
	his updated gedcoms to the rootsweb site.  we will advise when this 
	problem has been rectified; until then, please bear with us.

a significant new set of images...about the scriven/corbett 
	family in shropshire, england, has recently been contributed by wynn 
	erickson...thanks, wynn!  go see 'em...
a scribner family dna study is being conducted.  an 
	adobe acrobat formatted spreadsheet showing results
	here.
multimedia cds 
    outlining the history of the john scriven line are  available to order!  see the
    multimedia page for details.
click here for a short 
    multimedia slideshow about the john scriven family history.  for 
    a more complete presentation of that history, please see our
    multimedia page.
this website is the beginning of an effort to form a 
    centralized repository for the genealogy and history of the descendents of 
    both john scriven of dover, new hampshire and benjamin scribner of norwalk, 
    connecticut.  as the site develops, we may 
    broaden our reach to include information about other lines of scribners in 
    america as well.
as a beginning effort, i have developed a series of 
    multimedia presentations to share the rich and fascinating family history 
    for the descendents of john scriven of dover, new hampshire.  it is my 
    goal to share this history with as many of our scribner family members and 
    researchers as possible, in order to preserve our history and promote an 
    interest in the subject. 
i would like to extend a personal, special thank-you to ray 
    scribner who has developed much of this historical information, and who was 
    my preview volunteer.  without ray's help, we simply would not have 
    such a rich treasure of information on which to draw!  thanks, ray!  
    you have done a great service for all ages to come.
if you know you are a descendent of either the john scriven 
    or benjamin scribner line, 
    or have a research interest in either of those lines, please create an entry in our 
    database.

take me to the multimedia!
here now: scribner 
    data  
we have now uploaded ray scribner's master database for the john scriven 
    descendency.  see the
    data page for details.  we are working on adding 
    a database for the benjamin scribner line in the near future.
we have also begun to create data reports, organized by family group, and 
    placed them in the images and archives section of 
    this website.

submissions:  please ....
we are always looking for additional materials relevant to our family.  
    if you know of a website, or have information, photographs, documents, or 
    other information you would like to have us host and share on this site, 
    please contact the webmaster.
 

we also have a home in

yahoo 
    groups.

all feedback and offers of additional materials for future 
    multimedia volumes should be addressed to:
    webmaster@scribnerfamilies.org.

site search
    


use the form below to search for documents in this web containing specific 
words or combinations of words. the text search engine will display a weighted 
list of matching documents, with better matches shown first. each list item is a 
link to a matching document; if the document has a title it will be shown, 
otherwise only the document's file name is displayed. 

search for: 

meet your website crew:

 
laura cooper fenimore

 
an avid scribner researcher, laura was born and raised and currently 
    lives in oregon.  she is the daughter of grace beatrice scribner, who 
    is a descendent of john and elizabeth (cloyes) scribner through edward 
    scribner and abigail leavitt.  grace is descended from the only male 
    child of edward and abigail who did not move to otisfield -- john -- and 
    descendents of john who moved west.   by 
    profession, laura is known as laura d. cooper, esq., attorney at law, and is 
    the author of the recent book published by
    demos medical publishing, inc. 
    called 
insurance solutions: plan 
    well, live better. 
if you would like to contact laura, you may
    e-mail her.

 
 
perry lowell
 
perry is a scribner descendent through iddo scribner and phoebe peasley, 
    one of the lines descending through thomas b. scribner.  she is our 
    official computer-meister; she selected the wonderful graphical software we 
    are using on the data page, and burns the cds of the multimedia family 
    history.  she is also a reliable, constant resource for laura's novice 
    struggles.
if you would like to contact perry, you may
    e-mail her.
 


 
 
ray scribner
 
ray is our database master.  he is a descendant of john and 
    elizabeth (cloyes) scribner, and the otisfield, maine, scribners.  he 
    is a semi-retired minister living in huntington, indiana.  his passion 
    for genealogy goes back over three decades.  he has spent countless hours and 
    ceaseless energies developing what is commonly regarded as the most 
    comprehensive and best-sourced scribner database available for this line.  
    the database now has over 8800 names in it. 
if you would like to contact ray, you may
    e-mail him.

                                                                








who was john 
        scriven?


who was benjamin scribner?







john scriven was born in 
            wem, shropshire, england on 27 oct 1623.  he was most likely 
            the son of sir thomas scriven, the lord of frodesley manor in 
            shropshire -- a feudal manorial estate dating back to the norman 
            conquest of england in 1066.  we don't have a record of john 
            scriven's actual passage in the early 17th century, and he may have 
            traveled to the american colonies by way of barbados.  we know 
            that he was in dover, new hampshire on 5 april 1662, when he was 
            accepted as an inhabitant there.  john married a woman named 
            mary [surname unknown] in about 1655, somewhere in the colonies.  
            some speculation has existed that mary was mary hilton, but that has 
            been disproved.  john and mary had at least four children in 
            dover, and john died there 2 oct 1675.  of their children, 
            their daughter elizabeth married samuel eastman.  one 
            son, edward, was  involuntarily pressed into service for the 
            english navy, and nothing further about him is known.  all of 
			the scribner descendents from this family therefore can be traced 
			through  john scribner, sr. [the eldest son], thomas b. 
			scribner [the youngest son], or samuel and elizabeth [scribner] 
			eastman.
scribner families images




this 
            is an online album containing photographs and images of significant 
            historical documents pertinent to our scribner history.


benjamin was the first of his name to settle in norwalk, connecticut.  
        he was born about 1658, but there is no known record of his arrival in 
        america or of his ancestry in england.  from the original town records 
        of norwalk:  "benjamin skrivener took to wiffe hannah crampton, daughter 
        of john crampton, of norwallke, and was married the 5th of march, 
        1679-80."  in norwalk, he had his first two children.  he and 
        hannah then moved to huntington, long island where benjamin, jr., john, 
        hannah, ruth and joseph were born in huntington and lidia, elizabeth, 
        and abigail were born after their return to live in norwalk.  they were 
        not happy living in huntington, and were given a land grant as an 
        inducement to stay, 23 jun 1684,  shortly after the birth of their son 
        john.  the offer was accepted, and they stayed on until the offer 
        expired, in june 1694, and then returned to norwalk where he attended a 
        town meeting on 4 december 1694.  according to e.m. scribner, 
        "benjamin died at danbury, conn., 15 oct 1704, while on a visit to 
        relatives at that point.   from the probate records of fairfield, 
        connecticut, we find that he died intestate, leaving widow hannah and 
        nine children.  his son thomas was appointed administrator of the estate 
        in may 1705. 







home | multimeda history | scribner data | scribner news | images & archives | other resources | book summary | reference system | links & awards | signup

this site was last updated
08/13/12 .  
copyright 2002 by laura cooper fenimore.  all rights reserved.


scribner families




