
three wheel cars - homethree wheel kit carhome three wheel carsaerotrike previous designs  trailer contact us homeï»¿the aero trikeâ  the aero trike is a kit carâ ï»¿ designed and built by the m w bourne co. of marquez texas.â the aero trike is a 3-wheel car that can be built by the average craftsman using hand-tools and the light electrical tools found in the typical home workshop.â â the aero trike is powered by a doner motorcycle that is provided by the builder.â  a suitable power-unitâ  would be any of the largeâ "road cruiser bikes" of 1000 cc and larger marketed in america over the past 20 years.â an ideal source for these power-trains is the salvage market.â  many of these motorcycles have received damageâ  to their front end without damage to their motor, transmission, rear wheel, or rear suspension.â this power-unit should be properly aligned and grafted into the empty engine bay of the aero trike.welding is required.â your aero trike project is not a quicky snap-together job.â  it is a serious commitment to build a safe and beautiful little touring car that will serve you with pride and enjoyment for years to come.â â your aero trike kit contains the following:fiberglass parts1. main body shell2. rear engine cover3. belly pan4. instrument panel5. rear fenderâ steel tube framejigged and tack-welded chassisâ complete with front axle steering rack & pinion, tie rods,â steering shaft, and steering wheel.â  frontâ ï»¿ wheel struts, wheel hubs, caliper disc brakes, and two 14 inch aluminum wheels.â  â  â â  â  â  â also included areâ two seats with seat belts. two headlights and two tail lights,â the two gas struts for lifting the rear engine cover and the spring-loaded engine cover latches.â â not included with kit:your motorcycle power-train, engine, rear wheel, rear suspension,â â electrical system, fuel system.the windshield is a 'simple' curve cut from a flat piece of lexan.â  no heating required.â also not provided are the foot pedals.â  â foot pedals are selected by the builder and depend on the design function between the power-unit and the driver.â  a wide variety foot pedal arrangementsâ  are found on the aftermarket and are offered by custom car builders, hot-rod builders, and race car designers.your aero trike chassis has been carefully designed and built in a custom jig. it comes acid-brushed and ready for mounting to your chosen power-unit.â  â after your engine mount has been welded into position, the foot pedals are positioned and welded into place.â â after all tack-welding has been completed it should be acid-brushed, cleaned, and primed for paint.your rolling chassis should be completed with engine controls, electrical system, fuel system, brake system, and all lights, switches, and fuse panal installed.â  it is advised that your rolling chassis be road tested and corrections made before the fiberglass body is installed.ï»¿cost of my kit is $ 6,500thanks for contacting me,maurice bournem w bourne co.p. o. box 146marquez, texasâ  77865copyright 2014-2018 three wheel cars. all rights reserved.web hosting by turbify
