







b4ubuild.com - residential construction information, house plans, homebuilding books, software

















popular links

appliances
architecture / design
building codes
deck construction



home design software

kitchens & baths
loans & mortgages

masonry
paint & drywall


plumbing

stairs & railings

windows & doors
more categories »

search b4ubuild...







building a house

know what to expect...
homebuilding process
how much does it cost?
construction schedule
construction contract
construction loans


a floating chimney
narrow front walkways

house style books
do-it-yourself books
do-it-yourself videos





b4ubuild.com is the first place to look for residential construction and custom home building information. homeowners and builders will find answers to questions about building a new house or addition, designing a custom home, as well as, best practices and resources to help with planning your next home improvement, renovation, or remodeling project.
building a new home or improving an existing structure can be very rewarding, provided you learn about the construction process so you know what to expect... before you build.



preview our new website
we are currently working on the single largest project in the 20-plus years since our founding; a comprehensive update of all content and a complete redesign of the entire b4ubuild website.



building play areas 4 kids
when building a playhouse, a tree house, a fort, or assembling and installing a pre-cut backyard swing set for your kids, be sure to consider playground safety... 





australian pole house
see how a school teacher built her dream home in australia with mud bricks made on site, bush poles & help from friends...



planning a project with home design software - when designing your new house, addition, barn, garage, workshop, remodeling your kitchen, designing a deck, or simply selecting paint colors for a room makeover, it's nice to see a cad drawing or 3d computer model before you build... 









main sections
about this site
book store
building process
plan center
pet peeves
favorite links
stuff 4 kids

answers
photo album
lost & found
shopping center 

gift ideas, coupon codes, special deals & free stuff...

related products...
available from our advertisers

home designer architectural
home designer pro
residential cost data 2020
repair & remodeling costs
construction calculator

working alone: tips and...

what your contractor can't...



frame construction guide





comfortlift system tool belt
pink tool belt














advertising | 
terms of use | 
web site development |
make a payment
copyright © 1997 - 2021 by b4ubuild.com®









building a new house? remodeling an old home? looking for custom home building information?
homeowner, homebuilder, real estate agent, sub-contractor, or material supplier, b4ubuild.com is the first place to look for residential construction and custom homebuilding information before you build a new house or remodel an existing home. builders and real estate agents can recommend our site to their clients to prepare them for the homebuilding experience. homeowners and owner/builders will find house plans, sample construction agreements, schedules, budgets and contract documentation. whether you are building your first house, looking to move-up to a larger custom home, or you are planning to build the luxury estate about which you have always dreamed, you should be able to find information on our web site that will help you better understand the home building process.
b4ubuild.com is a unique real estate resource providing free information to owners and builders alike. our photo album contains pictures of small owner built houses, large luxury custom homes, various stages of the home building process, and special construction details. visit the b4ubuild.com bookstore to read our comprehensive book reviews, buy recommended books, gather reading lists on various home building, residential construction, landscaping and gardening topics, or search for the work of your favorite author. the plan center features a database of over 7,000 home plans and blueprints, which can be ordered online. other areas of our site allow visitors to voice their pet peeves, tell us their true homebuilding stories, or search usenet newsgroups to see what other people are saying about the process of building a new house. you will also find surveys about residential construction, a sample construction schedule, information about square foot prices, descriptions of the home building process, construction contracts, agreements, budgets, related associations and trade groups.  our construction directory contains links to over a thousand real estate related web sites, including site reviews of material suppliers, custom builders, house plans and blueprints, home and garden magazines, cad software, home design programs, tools, equipment, manufacturers, & other on-line home building resources.

about us   the process   answers   lost & found   pet peeves   building links   book reviews
   pictures   building codes   software   stuff 4 kids   magazines   mortgages   shopping
[ back to top ]


copyright © 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 by b4ubuild.com
web site design and publishing by gs design,inc.




