



hollywood poster frames - wholesale picture frame supplier and reproduction movie poster supplier










 





















my cart
(cart is empty)
														 
						












home


our frames


free shipping offers


multipak specials


our friends


reviews


tips

guide to oversize framing
are spacers effective
framing posters: preservation and low cost







protecting your posters


poster restoration


faqs


volume accounts

 



 









posters & art



original art & vintage movie posters






frame styles



economy frame 
premium frame

archival frame

deluxe frame

marquis frame






frame sizes



playbill frame
playbill frame/mat float
comic book/mat float
45 rpm record frame
8x10
8 1/2 x 11
9x12
11x14
11x17
12x12 scrapbook frame
12 1/2 x 12 1/2 album cover
13x19
13x30 daybill poster
14x18
14x22 theater/window card
14x36
16x20
18x24
20x30
22x28
24x30
24x36
27x40
27x41
30x40
 don't see your size?





accessories

pro artist tape
plexi cleaner
coming soon banner
now showing banner




sizing it up!



			better to be safe than sorry when framing your movie posters or other art work. learn how to measure... 



we custom cut each frame!










 






 
 hollywoodposterframes.com is a wholesale picture framer that caters to consumers who wish to display their posters, prints and artwork in a quality frame at low cost. our company is able to be wholesale direct by purchasing huge volumes of material each month, assembling in our warehouse and then passing the savings onto our customers. we offer 100% satisfaction guaranteed. *** in addition, we now have a movie poster website with thousands of originals. click on the link below "looking for posters".




  






while custom picture framing for the sets of some of your favorite films and television shows, hollywoodposterframes.com offers wholesale frames in most any size to accommodate the framing needs of not only the individual consumer but hotels, department stores and other businesses that require quantity framing. our company does specialize in archival movie poster framing as hollywoodposterframes.com is owned and operated by two movie poster collectors who have framed for hundreds of fellow collectors over the past thirty five years which have continually recommended friends and family to us.
we offer a variety of sizes and styles of frames that are custom cut to your size specifications. the motion picture academy, the television academy, the motion picture producers guild and many more studio affiliates have our company supply the quality custom movie poster frames needed for the valuable movie memorabilia they display. whether you may be framing a collectible movie poster, photograph, theatre card, watercolor or inexpensive poster we have a frame to fit your needs and you are certain to find it of quality at a significant savings to you.



we stand behind our products and workmanship!
















posters slip in easily





 

my cart

cart is empty






signup for our newsletter




					email address : 
					








click here to unsubscribe




















home 
													| policies and guarantee
							| contact us
							| looking for posters?
							| volume accounts



 



		 
		  site design by siena solutions,l.l.c  
                 copyright 2008 hollywoodposterframes.com. all rights reserved.

	





