




kite fishing rigs, beach fishing rigs and diy fishing knot and fishing rig tutorial
































search our websites






























 fishing tackle











home











online shopping











site map











 products











shorething











kite and kontiki winch











kites only











kite fishing rigs











flounder lights











boat longlines











electric kontikis











spectra lines











beach carts











target fish hooks











tackle sale











tackle advice











 resources











nz weather forecast











nz tides map











cleaning fish











free maps - top spots











catch reports











best knots











angling articles











how to instructions











pictures of fish











 security











online shopping











privacy











 new articles











latest catches











flounder fishing











about us





















see pfk's facebook page and youtube channel for instructional videos and the latest catch reports


















five easy ways to order
online shopping
visit our fishing tackle online store.
visit our shop
39a neilson st
onehunga
auckland
ph 634-5005
mail order
ph 634-5005
where we are
map of onehunga
contact us

use the form  on the bottom of every page
we take your privacy
seriously
click below
for more info. privacy policy
paul's fishing kites copyright © 2002-2016 












buy online










buy online


kite rigs and boat longlines 
kite parts and flounder lights





shorething
kites only
large kite rigs
medium kite kit
small kite rigs
kite longlines 
boat longlines
kite parts






flounder lights
traces/clips
hooks/weights
kontiki stuff
mainlines etc
beach reels
spectra lines
online store









kite fishing - fishing knots and fishing rigs






great white shark attacks kayak a survivor tells a chilling tale of what happens when things go really badly. 
new kite section all our kite designs are now in one place with kite spares, carbon and fiberglass rods and kite lines. 
new tide charts easy to use map for tide times anywhere in new zealand, includes muriwai beach.
 




new winch
a robust and powerful 230 watt kite and kontiki winch that can handle heavy duty fishing
fishing winch



shorething
don't risk your kontiki to sharks. use a shorething trailer behind your kontiki to turn it into a dropper rig
shorething kontiki



 
 
 
 


shark attack
an incredible tale of kayak fisher harassed by a great white shark
great white shark attacks kayak

cleaning fish
a great photo series from catching to cleaning, filleting skinning and de boning fish.

how to fillet fish



 
 
 
 


kite fishing 
see what you can catch when your line is out to where the fish are. find out all about kite angling and fishing kites

spectra 
top quality spectra at unbelievably low prices plus a spectra knot tying article



 
 
 
 


big kingfish
kings of coromandel and top article on how to catch big kingfish with livebaits
targeting kingfish

last fishing trip
check out where we went and see what we caught on our last free fishing trip. more importantly find out how we did it.



 
 
 
 


target hooks 
catch more snapper and fewer undersized fish! stop gut hooking! the best fish hook for the fisherman and the fishery! 

nz weather map
new zealand weather forecast and swell information. forecasts for 44 coastal areas.
 nz weather forecast



 
 
 
 


sharks 
we are adding a shark section to the site, the first article has just been posted. kite caught. 
 great white sharks

boat fishing rigs
check out some of the latest saltwater rigs. find out why these snapper fishing rigs are so effective



 
 
 
 


fishing knots 
learn how to tie knots and check out some of the latest knots. excellent 3d knot tying illustration

electric kontiki 
new! the pt-430 powertiki electric kontiki now has three batteries for more power and longer running times. winch available.



 
 
 
 


beach carts
a beach carts are a great fishing gift idea, sure to please any beach fisherman of surfcaster.

fishing torpedo
challenge marine fishing torpedo. massive battery capacity gives five 900 meter sets per charge.



 
 
 
 


fishing off cliffs
a land based kite fishing report, three mahi mahi in a single day from the top of a cliff. mahi mahi report

fishing reports 
if you don't think kite fishing will work, check out the great kite catches taken by our customers!



 
 
 
 


new trace clip
new clip reduces tangles and shark bite offs
buy longline clips online here

pictures of fish
snapper, kahawai, kingfish, trevally, gurnard, sharks and many more!
pictures of fish



 
 
 
 


flatfish methods 
find out all about catching and cooking flounder, flounder lights, gigging spears and flatfish nets flounder fishing

tangled traces?
new article on the cause and remedy of tangled traces.
tangled traces



kite fishing
 kite fishing is the ultimate in surf fishing equipment. we combine top of the line kites with the best surf fishing rigs. 
everything is here from surf fishing basics and tips right through to how to make your own saltwater rigs and tackle. 
 
 


4x4 offroad driving
4wd beach driving and recovery tips and techniques. find out if your insurance policy covers you while offroad, many don't! offroad driving tips





fishing knots
 new fishing knots including hook knots, these fishing line knots are stronger and more reliable. if you don't know how to tie knots our knot tying tutorial each with a 3d knot tying illustration makes knot tying easy. 
 saltwater fishing reports



make sure you have the latest information on where the fish are biting right now, get the latest  free fishing reports to find the best place to longline or kite and kon tiki fish this weekend.
subscribe here for you free catch reports and special subscriber offers!
click here for our site map and full index of hundreds of articles and full instructions
new spectra knot simple to tie and stronger, red hot prices on spectra here 








we are here to help. if you need assistance please contact us below or search our websites.













can't see the form? click here.





buy online










buy online


kite rigs and boat longlines 
kite parts and flounder lights





shorething
kites only
large kite rigs
medium kite kit
small kite rigs
kite longlines 
boat longlines
kite parts






flounder light
traces/clips
hooks/weights
kontiki stuff
mainlines etc
beach reels
spectra lines
online store













 










above: morgan barnes with a decent sized snapper from a whangarei longline set that caught 21 good sized fish from 25 hooks set!



we are here to help.
contact us

simply use the form  on the bottom of every page











fishing tackle sale on now! 
big savings on quality fishing tackle
check out our sale prices on quality fishing tackle here

 
fishing tackle clearance sale

surf rods/reels
boat rods/reels
fishing accessories
lures
fishing reels
fishing rods
game fishing
softbait rods/reels
slow jig rods/reels
jigging rods/reels
terminal tackle




fishing reports newsletter
find out where and when the fish are biting, best baits and more! 
our newsletters are packed full of fishing tips, fishing videos and catch photos.
subscribe here












