




cruise ship jobs - latest vacancies. interviews for cruise line jobs




















find us on:   
 
 


recruiters:  login
create an account    
job seekers:  login
create an account


cruise ship jobs

									latest vacancies. personalized career assistance and consultancy for employment within the cruise industry*
									
								







how to optimize my profile and get noticed by employers 
	           applying for published vacancies vs. applying to all relevant employers  
                free cruise job seeker account © overview 
                premium cruise job seeker package © overview 
				
	



 




home page 


about us andour services


job seekersregistration form


job descriptionsand salary ranges


current vacanciesand job interviews


cruise ship jobs-faq


cruise lines profiles


solutions for recruiters


hired cruise jobseekers photos


crew members articles


cruise industry news


contact us















live on a luxury cruise ship and get paid for it!

register for cruise ship jobs now!

paid travel and adventure

 looking for travel jobs and adventures? searching for employment on board cruise ships? you have come to the right place. cruise ship jobs enable you to travel the world and get paid for it. spend your winters in the caribbean and your summers in alaska or travel to remote and exotic ports in europe, australia, new zealand, south america and all over the world aboard a luxury cruise ship. passengers pay between 900 and 5000 u.s. dollars per week to live on the same cruise ship and visit the same places. you can do that for free (free meals and accommodation) plus earning in most cases tax free salaries that only maritime jobs could offer. cruise jobs offer fabulous opportunities to save money, travel the world and meet people from many different cultures. they are a great adventure for college and university students who have just graduated or are taking time out from school. 
  
is it for you?
cruise line employment offers numerous rewards, but the most common reasons for starting a career on board a cruise vessel are these:
saving money - you will be able to save a substantial amount of money in a short period of time since all your earnings will be a disposable income - expenses are taken care of by the cruise line (food, accommodation, medical care, airline ticket to the port of embarkation and back home). citizens of certain countries do not have to pay taxes on the income they have earned on ships. it will be your responsibility to ensure that you are in compliance with the tax laws applying to your country of residence.
travel - travel in style around the world aboard a luxury cruise ship for free (even getting paid for it).
getting away – get away from a boring job, career or every day routine and exchange it for rewarding and adventurous cruise ship job.
health - free medical insurance.
family travel – senior officers and management personnel do enjoy the privilege of single cabin accommodation  and in most cases are allowed to bring along spouses and children free of charge. for the rest of staff and crew discounted cruise rates for relatives and family members may apply (at cruise line’s discretion).

more jobs of all types
cruise ships resembling giant floating hotels employ thousands of staff and crew members performing duties in positions identical or very similar to jobs at five star hotels or resorts on land and together with all the vessels currently under construction the number of cruise ship jobs worldwide is expected to double by the year 2014 resulting in thousands of new openings. compared to other industries, cruise lines have much higher employee turnover rate. many people do not consider cruise line jobs as life-long careers. officers, crew and staff members get promoted, change ships or cruise lines, go on vacation, return to school or just settle down on land leaving vacancies on regular basis. thus cruise lines are always hiring and looking for new personnel.
use your work experience

there has never been a better time to apply for a job on cruise ships. it is quite likely that the jobs you have worked in the past will give you enough experience to qualify for various cruise line job openings. almost every hospitality/catering job or work with customers or clients should give you the experience to have a serious chance to get hired for a number of positions. nationality is no problem as cruise lines hire candidates from almost every country in the world offering a wide range of jobs (entry-level to highly qualified positions). regardless of your nationality or previous work experience there are cruise ship jobs for you on board the many luxury vessels cruising the oceans.
the whole package
cruise line jobs are great travel jobs. once on board a cruise ship you will be visiting and working in many foreign countries and places. no other job offers travel to such a variety of places, countries, climates and continents as cruise ship jobs offer.
while working aboard a cruise vessel you enjoy a winning combination - having a profitable and exciting job and career at sea, travelling all over the world, always following the sun and the good weather, making friends with other crew members, passengers and local people and at the same time saving substantial sums of money (since you do not have to pay for accommodation and meals).
cruise jobs are in fact so addictive, that many crew members find it quite difficult to live on land after completing a contract on board a cruise ship. it feels kind of strange to eat in a restaurant and to pay the bill after enjoying free meals for months while working on board a cruise vessel.

find out how to get that cruise ship job now!

shipboard positions structure
 a cruise vessel is a hybrid between a ship and a five star hotel, therefore in general the cruise ship personnel is divided into two main categories: 
 - marine operations division - these are the officers and crew who are directly responsible for sailing and operating the cruise ship (deck and engine officers, seamen, motormen etc.) 
 - hotel & guest services operations division - crew and staff members who directly or indirectly service or/and entertain passengers. 
within these two main categories the various cruise ship job positions are organized by shipboard departments. 
for  detailed descriptions and salary ranges for all shipboard positions, please click here or click on the shipboard                department of interest on the pull-down menu at the top of the page.
whatever your reasons to look for cruise ship employment and jobs at sea might be, enjoy this website and browse through the various sections, we believe that you will find the site resourceful and useful. we would appreciate your feedback, let us know what you think about any aspect of the website - design, navigation and content. we would particularly like to receive comments from current crew members about cruise ship employment conditions, recruitment and work environment on board cruise vessels, changes of policies and new developments considering any cruise line, which we can share with our visitors. we can be contacted by e-mail(click here to go to our contact form) or you could use our postal address:           
seamax international cruise ship employment services          
1225 gravelle cres.           
ottawa, ontario, canada, k1b 3a3







				click on the links below to review the various cruise lines
                profiles, cruise ships details and photos:
				



				carnival cruise line
               

				celebrity cruises
                

				costa cruise line
                

				disney cruise line
                



				holland america line
                

				msc cruises
                

				princess cruises
                

				p&o cruises



				royal caribbean
                

				norwegian cruise line/ncl jobs
                

				star cruises
                

				fred olsen cruise line
                



				crystal cruises
                 

				cunard line 
                

				hapag lloyd cruises
                

				the world of residensea
                



				regent seven seas cruises
                

				seabourn cruise line
                

				silversea cruises
                

				seadream yacht club
                



				oceania cruises
              

				peter deilmann cruises
                

				abercrombie&kent cruises
                
                

				swan hellenic cruises
                



				louis cruise line
                

				lindblad expeditions
                

				blount small ships adventures
                

				african safari club cruises
           
              



				star clippers
                

				kristina cruises
               

				club med cruises
                

				windstar cruises
                



				hurtigruten
               

				silja line
                

				grandi navi veloci/gnv cruises
                

				pullmantur cruises
                



				discovery world cruises
                

				p&o cruises australia
                 

				sea cloud cruises
                




privacy policy  |  terms of service  |  site map  |  contact us

* seamax international (cruiseshipjob.com) is not associated with any particular cruise line or recruiter. 
                                    being an independent consultant allows us to promote candidates objectively and equally to all employers 
                                    and recruiters within the cruise industry with the sole purpose of benefiting the job seekers' best interest. 
copyright © 1998-2019  seamax international cruise ship employment services - all rights reserved









         cruise ship jobs -
		 latest openings

art sales jobs (8)
beauty / fitness jobs (72)
casino jobs (24)
deck department jobs (96)
security jobs (13)
medical jobs (41)
engine department jobs (104)
electro technical jobs (53)
entertainment jobs (149)
cruise activities jobs (79)
gentleman host program (2)
childcare jobs (33)
culinary jobs (220)
food and beverage jobs (207)
housekeeping jobs (75)
shipboard human resources jobs (36)
inventory jobs (15)
it jobs (21)
hotel management jobs (38)
office jobs (113)
photography jobs (20)
retail sales jobs (47)
shore excursions jobs (34)
lecturers / speakers (7)
onboard instructors jobs (10)
clergy / religious services (4)
land based jobs (33)
other jobs (4)

 










