delta fire & emergency services | city of delta skip to main content skip to main menu skip to footer  header menucontactnewscareers  search top pagesprograms & registrationproperty taxes & utilitiescollection schedulemayor & councilnewscontact directory       main navigation  services    online services   deltaconnect mobile app  garbage & recycling   garbage recycling green can & compost large item pick-up spring clean-up collection schedule  property taxes & utilities   property taxes utilities  delta community animal shelter   about the animal shelter how to adopt animals for adoption donate and volunteer licensing & permits resources & education  public safety   delta fire & emergency services fire prevention emergency management beat the heat delta police department permits & licences  transportation   snow & ice preparedness street lights vision zero strategy  water, sewer & drainage   water management water conservation sanitary sewer & drainage cemeteries  parks & recreation    sports & activities   fees & admissions programs & registration fitness recreation facilities recreation access  seniors services   seniors bus seniors recreation centres senior services directory  parks & trails   outdoor sports park & amenity search off-leash dog areas trails & cycling ladner harbour donate to parks message board request registration & booking faq  community & culture    about delta   news events calendar alerts  arts & culture   tsawwassen arts centre north delta centre for the arts community banner contest libraries mobile food and beverage vendor program  social planning   social action plan community resources supporting new immigrants shelters in delta child care in delta substance use & mental health demographics community grants program reducing poverty in delta homelessness in delta  museum & heritage   discovery centre archives heritage conservation & protection heritage grants  environment & conservation   climate action environmental initiatives environmentally sensitive areas planting our roots trees free sustainable workshops  building & development   your property bylaws & land use regulations plans & strategies  development planning & approvals   rezoning subdividing & stratifying variances development considerations engineering design criteria housing our future  building & renovating   residential non-residential existing secondary suites secondary suites sign permits how to apply  city hall    delta council   delta council members goals & priorities council news council meetings & public hearings committees & initiatives how we work recognition request awards & scholarships community awareness campaign recognition  bylaws   bylaw enforcement  diversity & inclusion   truth and reconciliation  doing business   bidding opportunities delta business directory business licences filming in delta city-owned property  careers   volunteering  municipal information   departments elections freedom of information making a claim public engagement open data catalogue financial information branding & coat of arms citizen advocate  menuclose noticenoticecontact4645 harvest drive (fire hall #1)delta bc v4k 4j5tel: 604-946-8541 (administration)fax: 604-946-0436email section navigationservices  services    online services   deltaconnect mobile app  garbage & recycling   garbage recycling green can & compost large item pick-up spring clean-up collection schedule  property taxes & utilities   property taxes utilities  delta community animal shelter   about the animal shelter how to adopt animals for adoption donate and volunteer licensing & permits resources & education  public safety   delta fire & emergency services fire prevention emergency management beat the heat delta police department permits & licences  transportation   snow & ice preparedness street lights vision zero strategy  water, sewer & drainage   water management water conservation sanitary sewer & drainage cemeteries  parks & recreation    sports & activities    fees & admissions   facility rental fees  programs & registration    aquatics   swim for life arenas  community recreation   baby daze pop-up play cultural services online registration sports & gymnasiums fitness recreation facilities recreation access  seniors services   seniors bus seniors recreation centres senior services directory  parks & trails   outdoor sports park & amenity search off-leash dog areas trails & cycling ladner harbour donate to parks message board request registration & booking faq  community & culture    about delta   news  events calendar   concerts in the park luminary festival alerts  arts & culture   tsawwassen arts centre north delta centre for the arts community banner contest libraries mobile food and beverage vendor program  social planning   social action plan community resources supporting new immigrants shelters in delta child care in delta substance use & mental health demographics community grants program reducing poverty in delta homelessness in delta  museum & heritage   discovery centre archives heritage conservation & protection heritage grants  environment & conservation   climate action environmental initiatives environmentally sensitive areas planting our roots trees free sustainable workshops  building & development   your property bylaws & land use regulations plans & strategies  development planning & approvals   rezoning subdividing & stratifying variances development considerations engineering design criteria housing our future  building & renovating    residential   small-scale multi-unit housing non-residential existing secondary suites secondary suites sign permits how to apply  city hall    delta council   delta council members goals & priorities council news council meetings & public hearings committees & initiatives how we work recognition request awards & scholarships community awareness campaign recognition  bylaws   bylaw enforcement  diversity & inclusion   truth and reconciliation  doing business   bidding opportunities delta business directory business licences filming in delta city-owned property  careers   volunteering  municipal information   departments elections freedom of information making a claim public engagement open data catalogue financial information branding & coat of arms citizen advocate get in touch fire & emergency servicesguy mckintuck, fire chieftelephone604-946-8541 email relatedget in touch fire & emergency servicesguy mckintuck, fire chieftelephone604-946-8541 email related links fire services act bc codes (fire code and building code) residential indoor wood burning seasonal prohibitions may 15 - september 15, 2022 breadcrumbhomeservicespublic safetydelta fire & emergency services delta fire & emergency servicesshare  delta firedelta fire & emergency services (df&es) employs over 200 people, has 19 fire apparatus, 7 fire halls, and a training facility.  in addition to fire suppression, df&es provides pre-hospital care, rescue activities, hazardous materials response, and many other emergency services in delta.  we work to create safe communities through public education for all ages, fire prevention and inspection services, emergency preparedness, and by working closely with partner agencies and community groups.  df&es is committed to the health and safety of our staff and community. df&es is composed of the following four divisions:operations & training fire preventionadministrationemergency management    find us on facebook    follow us on twitter what we do operations & training provides direction, accountability, and support to the operations of delta fire & emergency services, including radio communications and all purchases related to fire apparatus and equipment.our highly-trained firefighters fight fires of all types, such as structure, vehicle, wildland, interface, and boat fires. our firefighters also routinely respond to calls for medical assistance, rescues of all kinds, hazardous material concerns, requests for public assistance, and more.the training division provides our firefighters with continuous operational training on an annual basis. firefighters receive a variety of general training courses including apparatus, driver training, structural firefighting, hazardous materials, rescue and collapse, and operational readiness. all new hires to df&es must complete an 8 week new recruit training program. this physically and mentally intense program consists of approximately 360 hours of training. fire prevention fire prevention is responsible for enhancing the safety of the community through education and enforcement of city of delta by-laws, fire and building codes, and any other regulations that try to limit the fire risk that may emerge from social and commercial activities or from the operations of a building. prevention services include investigations of fire incidents, plan review for new and major developments, developing pre-incident plans, permission for fire related activities and routine fire and life safety inspections of public assembly buildings, construction sites, major event venues, food trucks, daycare centres, vacant premises, and other high-risk occupancies. administration this department provides human resources, administration, and payroll support for delta fire & emergency services personnel and supports the fire chief and delta's finance and human resources departments with the annual budget and labour management relations. emergency management the emergency management office ensures the city is prepared for an emergency or natural disaster. the office is responsible for organizing emergency preparedness training exercises for city staff, external support agencies, and the public, while supporting and promoting volunteer-based emergency management programs and initiatives. the office also prepares local businesses for continuity and recovery in the event of an emergency and works with delta school district to ensure students are prepared.fire halls and apparatus fire hall no. 1 – ladner fire hall no. 1 opened on may 25, 1987, and is located in the ladner civic precinct. as well as being an active fire hall, it houses delta fire's administration offices and the office of the fire chief. the minimum staff on duty at all times is eight, including a battalion chief, two officers, and five firefighters.delta fire apparatusengine 1 (7106)model: spartan gladiator classic/smealyear: 2024pump capacity: 1750 gpmwater tank: 500 imp gallonsengine: cummins diesel x-12, 500 hpextrication equipment: holmatro spreaders, cutters, rams, air bags, sawzallfoam capacity: class a & b engine 11 (7094)model: spartan gladiator - smeal bodyyear: 2011pump capacity: 1750 gpmengine: cummins ism 500 hpextrication equipment: holmatro spreaders, cutters, ram, air bagsfoam capacity: class a & b  battalion 1 (7074)model: gmc 4x4 diesel p/uyear: 2007 command 1 (7078)model: gmc 5000communications/command post spare engine (7070)model: spartan gladiator classicyear: 2003pump capacity: 1750 gpmengine: detroit series 60 - 430 hp area protectedhall no. 1 protects the areas south to, and including, the b.c. hydro railway right-of-way, including 72nd street and 64th street, and down to delta's boundaries; the area east to vasey road, including the vancouver landfill; both sides of highway 99 to and including the massey tunnel; and north and west to delta's boundaries.some distinctive areas protected include boundary bay airport, tilbury island, and roberts bank deltaport/westshore terminals. fire hall no. 2 – tsawwassen hall no. 2 opened on may 18, 1974. the minimum staff on duty at all times is three firefighters and one officer. delta fire apparatusengine 2 (7104)model: spartan gladiator classic/smealyear: 2022pump capacity: 1750 gpmwater tank: 500 imp gallonsengine: cummins diesel x-12, 500 hpextrication equipment: holmatro spreaders, cutters, rams, airbags, sawzallfoam capacity: class a & b squad 2 (7099)model: 5500 dodge ram crew cab - light rescueyear: 2016 spare engine (7048)model: spartan - andersonyear 1994pump capacity: 1750 gpmengine: detroit 470 hpfoam capacity: class a area protectedhall no. 2 protects all of the area within the b.c. hydro railway right-of-way on the north; extends east in a direct line to, but not including, 72nd street or 64th street south; and west to delta's boundaries, excluding roberts bank deltaport/westshore terminals.some distinctive areas protected include highway 17 to ladner trunk road, tsawwassen ferry terminal (including on the ships), tsawwassen beach and tsawwassen first nation, centennial beach, and mutual aid for point roberts if requested. fire hall no. 3 – north delta fire hall no. 3 opened on june 2, 2001, and is part of the north delta public safety building. the building is shared by delta fire & emergency services and delta police. the minimum staff on duty at all times is two officers and four firefighters. delta fire apparatusengine 3 (7105)model: spartan gladiator classic / smealyear: 2024pump capacity: 1750 gpmwater tank: 500 imp gallonsengine: cummins diesel x-12, 500 hpextrication equipment: holmatro spreaders, cutters, rams, air bags, sawzallfoam capacity: class a & b  tower 3 (7102)model: spartan lfd gladiator classic 100' aerial platform - smealyear: 2018pump capacity: 300 gallonsfoam capacity: class a & b squad 3 (7098)model: 550 dodge3 ram crew cab - light rescueyear: 2016area protectedhall no. 3 protects all areas within 120th street on the east to, but not including, 72nd avenue or scott 72 shopping centre on the south, and north to delta's boundaries excluding highway 91 and the alex fraser bridge. distinct areas protected include nordel industrial park, river road, and fraser surrey docks.  boundary bay fire hall no. 4 & emergency operations centre – ladner delta fire apparatusengine 4 (7101)model: spartan mfd gladiator classic / smealyear: 2018engine: 565 h.p cumminspump capacity: main pump - 1750 gpm auxiliary pump 200 gpm pump & rolltank capacity: 1500 gallons, 1800 gallon bladderfoam capacity: class a & bextrication equipment: lucas cutters, spreader, rams, airbags, cutters, rams, airbags, sawzall rescue 4 (7100)model: spartan lfd gladiator classicmanufactured by: sviyear: 2018engine: 565 hp cumminsequipment: breathing air compressor, fill station / cylinder storage, led command light tower, holmatro hydraulic specialty cutters, spreaders, rams, paratech shoring/stabilization, hydro fusion rams and specialty airbags, high angle confined space, and trench rescue equipment. spare engine (7073)model: spartan gladiator classic / smealyear: 2007pump capacity: 1750 gpmengine: cat 430 hpextrication equipment: holmatro spreaders, cutters, rams, air bags, sawzallfoam capacity: class a & b spare engine (7072)spartan gladiator classic / smealyear: 2007pump capacity: 1750 gpmwater tank: 500 imp gallonsengine: cat 430 hp area protectedhall no. 4 protects the area east of highway 17 down to 28th avenue and everything south of highway 99 to the eastern border, including the mathews exchange and south bound highway 99.the hall is staffed 24/7 with one officer and three firefighters. it is cross-staffed with engine 4 and rescue 4. in addition, delta’s emergency operations centre and fire training facility are at the hall and there are dedicated workspaces for delta’s emergency management team and training officers. distinctive areas protected include boundary bay airport and delta heritage airpark. rescue 4 responds to all structure fires, technical rescues and serious mvi’s within delta’s borders. fire hall no. 5 – north delta fire hall no. 5 was opened on july 17, 1980, and the minimum staff on duty at all times is one officer and three firefighters. delta fire apparatusengine 5 (7089)model: spartan gladiatoryear: 1994pump capacity: 1750 gpmengine: cummins diesel ism 450 hpyear: 2009equipment: holmatro spreaders, cutters, ram, airbags, sawzall, air chiselfoam capacity: class a & b  wildland 5 (7095)model: international 7400 sfa conventional cab 4 x 4year: 2013pump capacity: 750 igpmengine: maxxforce 330 hpextrication equipment: holmatro e-draulic combi toolfoam capacity: class a all-terrain vehiclekawasaki mule 4 x 4area protectedfire hall no. 5 protects all areas within delta's boundary (120th street) on the east, and both sides of 72nd avenue, including scott 72 shopping centre; areas west to, and including, highway 91 from the nordel interchange on the north to, but not including highway 99 on the south; and both sides of 64th avenue west to, but not including, 104th street.some distinctive areas protected include burns bog, delta watershed and the alex fraser. fire hall no. 6 – annacis island fire hall no. 6 was opened on october 24, 1996, and the minimum staff on duty at all times is one officer and three firefighters. delta fire apparatus engine 6 (7096)model: sparton gladiator chassis / smeal 110ft aerialyear: 2013pump capacity: 1750 gpmengine: cummins 500 hpextrication equipment: holmatro toolsfoam capacity: class a & b 1959 gmc front mount pump / tanker truck (7006)donated to the city of delta by ivan pederson in 2013.  this truck is utilized and displayed as part of delta's heritage.area protectedfire hall no. 6 protects all areas on annacis island, including highway 91 from richmond on the north to the nordel interchange on the south.some distinctive areas protected include the alex fraser bridge, annacis island wastewater treatment plant, and the many large industrial buildings on annacis island.  fire hall no. 7 – tilbury fire hall no. 7 opened on september 10, 2005, and is where the hazmat team and apparatus are located. the team is on call for any hazmat calls within delta. the minimum staff on duty at all times is one officer and three firefighters. delta fire apparatustower 7 (7090) model: spartan gladiator cab - smeal ladderyear: 2009engine: cummins 500 hppump capacity: 1750 gpmextrication equipment: lucas auto-ex tools (jaws and cutters)foam capacity: class a & b hazmat 7 (7086)model: spartan gladiator cab / svi bodyyear: 2009engine: cummins ism 500 hpbuilt-in communications system, generator, command post lighting system and telescoping remote control camera with a 40 ft mast.  built-in operations and hazmat resource centre.area protectedfire hall no. 7 protects the tilbury industrial area along river road east to, but not including, nordel way; river road west to deas island and up to, but not including, vasey road; and 60th avenue to the south, including 68th street down to 60th avenue.some distinctive areas protected include tilbury industrial park and deas island.2024 firefighter recruitmentthe 2024 firefighter recruitment posting is now closed. all candidates who have been selected to advance to stage 3 – panel interviews have been notified.  required & preferred qualifications required qualifications: applicants must meet all of the following required qualifications to be considered for employment: legal entitlement to work in canada shown by submitting a clear copy of one of the following:canadian birth certificatecanadian passportcurrent permanent resident cardcurrent landed immigrant card certificate of completion of nfpa 1001 levels 1 and 2 from an approved pro board or ifsac accredited firefighter training program high school graduation or equivalent valid bc driver’s licence, class 3 with air brake endorsementapplications without a class 3 with air brake endorsement will be accepted at time of application. however, applicants will be required to obtain and provide proof of this qualification prior to the start of stage 3 (interview stage) of the recruitment process. driver’s abstract providing your most recent five year driving history dated within 15 days prior to application submission date. candidates must demonstrate safe and responsible driving behaviour. more than six points may eliminate an application from further consideration in the current process. other aspects of your driving record will also be considered. emergency medical responder (emr) licence or higher. licence must be kept valid throughout recruitment process. see the emergency medical assistants licensing board website for licensing information. applications without an emr licence or higher will be accepted at time of application. however, applicants will be required to obtain and provide proof of this qualification prior to the start of stage 3 (interview stage) of the recruitment process. standard for competence of responders to hazardous materials/weapons of mass destruction incidents - operations level (nfpa 472)* community volunteer experience physically and medically fit to perform the job of a firefighter according to the standards set out in nfpa 1582, including:vision and hearing that meets the criteria listed in nfpa 1582 chapter 6:  colour and peripheral vision safe for the position of firefighter; 20/30 corrected binocular vision and 20/100 uncorrected binocular vision or better; normal hearing without artificial aids. no conviction for a criminal offence related to the job of a firefighter. preferred qualifications: standard for competence of responders to hazardous materials/weapons of mass destruction incidents – technician level (nfpa 472)* technical high angle rope rescue – awareness, operations or technician level (nfpa 1006)* confined space rescue – awareness, operations or technician level (nfpa 1006)* wildland fire fighting certification completion of other fire service related courses or programs fire related work and/or volunteer experience related to firefighting post-secondary education and/or building construction training or experience, mechanical training or experience, or heavy equipment operation training or experience 2 years of accumulated work experience after the completion of high school fluency in languages other than english ability to swim and related life saving certificates * pro board or ifsac accredited certification not required; must provide documented proof that training meets or exceeds the appropriate nfpa standards.  2024 timeline datestageposting opening date –monday, may 27, 2024posting closing datefriday, june 14, 2024 at 11:59 pmstage 1 – online application & screeningtuesday, july 237:00 pmstage 2 – written aptitude testweeks of september 4 & september 9stage 3 – panel interviewsweekends of september 21 & september 28candidates will be scheduled for one 4 hour session between this time periodstage 4 – firefighter fitness testsunday, october 6candidates will be scheduled to attend a morning or afternoon session on this daystage 5 – skills refresher day starting monday, october 7stage 6 – ride alongssaturday, november 2candidates will be scheduled to attend a morning or afternoon session on this daystage 7 – skills review daystarting tuesday, november 12stage 8 – medical/physical examstarting tuesday, november 12stage 9 – police information checks & reference checksweek of november 25stage 10 – fire chief's interviewweek of december 2stage 11 – offers of employment & eligibility listmarch 24, 2025hire dateplease note this schedule is subject to change.candidates moving onto the next stage of the recruitment process will be notified via email or telephone. it is the candidate’s responsibility to ensure email addresses and phone numbers are current and up to date. all testing and assessment stages are in person and cannot be faxed, emailed or taken online. the city of delta reserves the right to limit the number of candidates that proceed to any stage of the recruitment process. frequently asked questions can interested persons visit a fire hall or ride along with a fire crew to learn more about the job?no. delta fire services no longer permits hall visits and does not offer ride along opportunities to potential candidates.what do i need to bring with me to my interview?at the time your interview is booked, we will communicate with you to advise you of what items you are expected to bring to your appointment.if i am unable to make the scheduled date for the written test, can i schedule another time?no. unfortunately, the recruitment schedule cannot accommodate more than one session for the written test.will i be notified as to the status of my application? how often should i expect to hear from recruitment personnel?due to the large volume of applications, only short listed candidates will be contacted regarding advancement to the next stage. it is important to check your email inbox and your telephone messages/voicemail regularly.how many firefighters does delta fire & emergency services plan to hire?the number of firefighters hired varies from year to year. the purpose of the recruitment intake is to fill any immediate vacancies and to establish an eligibility list for the upcoming year.how long do you expect the recruitment process to take?the recruitment and selection process has multiple stages and typically spans a period of several months.how can i determine if i have a medical condition as it relates to the job of firefighter? if i have a specific question relating to medical suitability how do i get it answered?please refer to the national fire protection association standard on comprehensive occupational medical program for fire departments (nfpa 1582, chapter 6). our medical requirements are taken directly from these criteria.if you have a specific question pertaining to one of these criteria that you are unsure of after reviewing the document, consult your family doctor. we are not able to provide you with answers to specific medical questions. your physician is the best resource for information on your personal health. we encourage you to book a complete examination with your physician before you decide to submit a firefighter application to identify and/or discuss any conditions that may affect your ability to perform the job of a firefighter.note: this will not substitute for the comprehensive medical/physical examination conducted by an independent medical provider in stage 5 of our recruitment process.are there any courses that delta fire & emergency services can recommend to better my chances of being selected?due to the competitive nature of the assessment process, we do not counsel or provide recommendations to potential applicants on how to increase their competitiveness.does delta fire & emergency services prefer a candidate receive their nfpa levels 1 and 2 training from a particular fire academy?no, we do not favour one academy over another. all candidates must ensure that the academy they attend is ifsac and/or pro board accredited.i do not live in british columbia. how can i determine if my driver’s licence and/or demerit points meet your driver’s licence qualifications?please contact the insurance corporation of british columbia (icbc) at 1.800.950.1498 or visit their website to obtain information on driver’s licence equivalency. out of province applicants are required to provide a copy of their driver’s abstract from their jurisdiction of residence.as a condition of employment, successful candidates will be required to transfer their current driver’s licence to a valid bc driver’s licence prior to their hire date.what do you accept as a suitable commercial driver’s licence?we will accept british columbia class 1, 2, or 3 licences (automatic) with an air brake endorsement.i do not have a copy of my high school transcript (or equivalency). what will you accept as a suitable replacement?you will need to contact your previous high school to obtain a copy of an official school transcript providing that it clearly indicates you have met the grade 12 requirements.if i have a college diploma or university degree do i still need to submit my high school transcript?yes, you are still required to submit your high school transcript (not your high school diploma).do you accept out of province applicants?yes, however, be aware that if you progress in the recruitment process you will be required to travel to delta on many separate occasions to participate in the recruitment testing, sometimes with short notice.do i need to attach all of my supporting documentation when i submit my online application?yes, please refer to the document submission instructions page in the fire recruitment manual for a list of all required documents and how to upload them to our online system.can i update my qualifications after i submit my application?no, your application must be complete at the time of submission.if i have only partially completed, or have just registered for any of my licences or certifications, can i still apply?no, you must meet all of the required qualifications at the time of submitting your application in order to be considered. do i require previous firefighting experience or training prior to applying?you must have completed nfpa 1001 levels 1 and 2. however, training will be delivered prior to being placed on active duty.what are the qualifications needed to be a firefighter with delta?our required qualifications are listed on our website.how do i apply to be a firefighter with delta fire & emergency services?applications are only accepted during open competitions and can be completed online on our website.   fire rating is currently at low related filesfile 5855 fire protection & fireworks amended by 8005.pdf subscribe for updates stay current with all that’s happening in the city. sign up for our newsletter.sign me up! contact directory city hall. 4500 clarence taylor crescent 604.946.4141 (ext. 2 for after hours) footer menuprivacy statementterms of usecontact usdeltamapapply for a jobsubscribe to newsletter © city of delta 2025 share facebook x email copy link  copied!     please read our disclaimer