












welcome to writemovies. - writemovies





































































































 

sign in

contests

2024 screenwriting contest
script guidelines & rules

frequently asked questions


past contests – winners

writemovies 2023 screenwriting contest

writemovies 2023 screenwriting contest – $usd


2022 screenwriting contest

horror award 2022
romance and comedy award 2022
writemovies sci-fi and fantasy award 2022


spring 2021 screenwriting contest
winter 2021 screenwriting contest

sci-fi and fantasy award 2021
romance and comedy award 2021


fall 2020 screenwriting contest

writemovies horror award 2020


writemovies summer 2020 screenwriting contest
writemovies winter 2020 screenwriting contest
writemovies fall 2019 screenwriting contest
spring 2019 screenwriting contest
2018 winners: wall of fame
2017 winners: wall of fame
2016 winners: wall of fame

monthly contest


earlier main contests – all the winners




courses & mentoring

script mentoring & script consultancy
online sessions and workshops
screenwriting courses on demand
dr alex ross – script mentor
elite mentoring for writers
academy: film courses

hollywood virtual film school
academy lite – mentoring under $5 a day!
100-day creative challenge


mentoring offers


ghostwriting
news & blog

movie reviews and analysis
our news
industry diary
pitching
our winners and slate


writers’ tools

writing tips and submissions tips
writing insights articles
produced script analysis: development notes
produced script analysis: studio coverages
writers’ journeys


about us

case study success story: the list feature film
contact us
privacy policy
current vacancies
trainees and interns
what you say about us
frequently asked questions

 

sign in


 





select page


  
 



 



 

























making every character count – february 17th 

 
tom
  
february 6, 2025
 



						read more 














film production and distribution – new course launching in 2025! 

 
tom
  
january 17, 2025
 



						read more 














blade runner and ai: acclaimed new dr alex ross article! 

 
tom
  
january 11, 2025
 



						read more 














2024 screenwriting contest winners and honorable mentions! 

 
tom
  
december 20, 2024
 



						read more 














2024 screenwriting contest semi-finalists announced! 

 
tom
  
december 13, 2024
 



						read more 














2024 screenwriting contest quarter finalists announced! 

 
tom
  
december 6, 2024
 



						read more 














2024 romance and comedy award winner announced: dad con by tracey moore and richard eng! 

 
tom
  
november 30, 2024
 



						read more 














2024 horror award winner announced: the lonely by girard dorney! 

 
tom
  
november 30, 2024
 



						read more 














2024 sci-fi and fantasy award winner announced: string theory by vanisha renée pierce and alex serafini 

 
tom
  
november 30, 2024
 



						read more 














script pitch contest 2024 winner announced! 

 
tom
  
november 22, 2024
 



						read more 










writemovies are your script development partners, with screenwriting contests, development and pitching built on the way the industry really works – and we know exactly how it works because our founder was hollywood agent of quentin tarantino and many others. we wouldn’t be here after more than 25 years if we didn’t know what we’re doing. check out our latest online screenwriting courses…













script concept and theme online course 

our script concept and theme online course is now available on demand from as low as $15!


						read more 














script development and outlining online course 

our script development and outlining online course is now available on demand from as low as $15!


						read more 














scriptwriting first drafts online course 

our scriptwriting first drafts online course is now available on demand from as low as $15!


						read more 














script redrafting and proofing online course 

our script redrafting and proofing online course is now available on demand from as low as $15!


						read more 












since we were established in hollywood in 1999 we’ve been the company who help you choose the best scripts and projects, develop them to their fulfil their potential, and get them sold and produced, with some notable success stories including oscar-nominated andrew niccol (the truman show, gattaca and much more) and iris yamashita (clint eastwood’s letters from iwo jima). we’re the bridge who work with top industry pros and get stuff made (just look at our elite mentors and our founder alex ross, and the movie we produced from a winning script which was distributed by warner bros), and give all new writers access to the top of the industry as you can see here. we reward writers through contests with substantial prizes and promotion, we develop them (often at our own expense), give them access to top producers, and we guarantee to pitch the ones that catch our eye to industry – find out some select examples of how we’ve been pitching here, and remember we’re always working behind the scenes for our winners with our extensive industry contacts. check out our winners to see how, and look at our amazing testimonials from top producers and writers who’ve progressed thanks to us.
our website, facebook, twitter and instagram are hubs for the latest news and insights from the industry, to tell writers and producers whatever they need to know. we provide exclusive features with top industry pros like steven knight and vfx guru habib zargarpour and give an analyst’s eye to big movies past and present. and we’re building up a comprehensive series of guides to everything a screenwriter or producer has to know in order to achieve successful projects.
our mentoring section is the place to turn your script or project from a dream into a done deal. at industry-beating rates, we offer you industry-standard development notes to take your script to the next level, or script reports summarizing your script’s content and prospects (studio consultancies). our confidential studio manual (no longer on sale) is currently being made into a book. we also provide intensive pitch coaching and access to elite mentors – top producers and writers who’ll give you their own time to help you develop your project. we’ve launched an academy – a unique virtual film school – that will get you far closer to the real industry than any film school can, for a lot less money, through online mini-masterclasses you can work through in your own time from home, even achieving published articles in the process – and we have lighter versions you can complete more casually or in smaller chunks. and if you wanna be a script analyst yourself, we offer a virtual internship to show you the ropes.
make the most of our articles and features to know everything you need to know about the latest films and scripts news and insights. find out how to write a great title, logline and one-page pitch, and follow our writing tips for achieving greatness and avoiding fatal mistakes. read our exclusive writing insights to take your understanding and skills to deeper and deeper levels.
there’s much more to announce soon so keep coming back every week to get ahead of the game with writemovies!
 


unique online screenwriting courses and virtual film school...
designed to take you to the top, writemovies academy is far more practical, flexible and interactive than conventional film schools and costs a fraction of the price, giving you many opportunities to get your work published and to work your way up our ladder for representation and pitching to industry, working from home in your own time! there are many ways you can learn through our online courses: through our free 100-day creative challenge, our under-$5-a-day academy lite service, choosing the academy phase that you need most (everything from concept selection to surviving in the long haul, for $500 each or less), or the full academy for just $3000!

sign up for our exclusives, news and offers...
there are many ways to follow and participate with writemovies:

our newsletters – use the widget in the footer section near the bottom of the page!
our facebook page – visit our facebook page and follow it!
our twitter feed – follow us at https://twitter.com/writemovies and add us to your lists of useful writing websites.
our instagram – visit our profile and follow us!
our youtube page – coming soon! subscribe to see our new regular videos to help writers at all stages of their development.


contests designed to take you to the top…
enter our contests with your script or book to win $3500, a year of free script development and a guarantee your work will be pitched to the industry. use the quick submit form in the sidebar to enter our next main contest, and browse the top menu to see our latest contest results…

script mentoring services and script consultancy
buy a script mentoring report from us to see how the major studios would really handle your script right now, and what you need to do to make it a success. modelled on the templates and analysis that the studios really use, our mentoring packages include:

studio consulting – a 4-5 page report on your script’s plot, strengths and weaknesses, viability and commercial prospects.
development notes – a 4-5 page report designed to identify what your script is aiming to achieve, the gap between its current state and its potential, and the solutions that it will need in order to fulfil that potential.


 elite mentoring from a top producer or screenwriter
writemovies’ elite mentoring offers you the chance of a 30-60 minute phone call with a top producer or screenwriter who will feed back about the quality of your pitch, your treatment and where you need to take them next to succeed in the industry. click here.

hire an award-winning screenplay ghostwriter to tell your story for the screen!
many of our award-winning writers are now available through us to write your screenplay for you, from around $5000! we broker and guide you and the writer throughout the process to ensure the best possible outcomes all round, and give your script the chance to be pitched to industry by us too.



i wanted to write a short note to say how much i enjoy working with writemovies. the professional way in which you work with the writers and the analysts makes the experience of giving and receiving screenplay notes a painless one and as a result allows the creative process to flow smoothly. any writer looking to move their script to a higher level can’t go wrong by turning to writemovies for feedback.
tom craig
producer of shakespeare in love, rain man and many other top films




followfollowfollow

buy now!
options below… then email us!








        quick purchase options...
      





            contest entry (script) $49.00 usd
          

            contest entry (book / game) $59.00 usd
          

            studio coverage $99.00 usd
          

            development notes $149.00 usd
          

            1 month academy lite $125.00 usd
          

            alex: studio coverage $229.00 usd
          

            alex: concept pitch $150.00 usd
          

            alex: dev margin notes $270.00 usd
          

            alex: development notes $350.00 usd
          

            elite consulting $499.00 usd
          








...and then email us!
email your script - in pdf or docx format to info@writemovies.com. up to 130 pages with a coverpage including your contact details (a $0.50 surcharge is due per additional page) - or your book, also stating your name and email address, a short synopsis, and any additional authors. by submitting to us you are accepting our terms of service (see the contest pages for information about these) and privacy policy (click here).
services marked as 'alex' in the list are provided directly by dr. alex ross himself - literally the world's most qualified person in why films succeed and fail!





name





email address



please select what you would like to receive from us.*

no updates unless i win a prize
just news about what i purchased
exclusives, newsletters, marketing, offers




leave this field empty if you're human: 



promoting great global storytelling since 1999.
since we were established in hollywood in 1999 we’ve been the company who help you choose the best scripts and projects, develop them to their fulfil their potential, and get them sold and produced, with two oscar-nominated writers among our notable success stories. our acclaimed services and contests mirror how your script will fare in the industry right now.









any writer looking to move their script to a higher level can’t go wrong by turning to writemovies for feedback.
tom craig
producer of shakespeare in love, rain man and many other top films








 







newsletter
name





email address



please select what you would like to receive from us.*

no updates unless i win a prize
just news about what i purchased
exclusives, newsletters, marketing, offers




leave this field empty if you're human: 

search for:



writers’ tools – overview
writer mentors
writemovies produced scripts archive
development notes

trainees’ examples


studio consulting

trainees’ examples


our pick of the web for writers and producers
success stories
writers’ journeys
writing insights

ian kennedy


 uk and eu followers – don’t miss out on your bridge to the international industry! if you’ve not submitted to us since oct 1 2017, we need new consent from you to continue to contact you. click here.

categories

100-day creative challenge (53)

academy (23)

actualités francophones (7)

alex ross (13)

archive articles from writemovies (15)

competition offers (12)

contests (47)

2023 screenwriting contest (16)

2024 screenwriting contest (18)



deutsch (neuigkeiten) (6)

development notes (10)

trainees' examples (5)



directory (2)

elite consulting (15)

featured script of the month (12)

francais (17)

ghostwriting (4)

highlights (65)

horror award (31)

industry news (73)

interviews (5)

lost generation blog (2)

marketing (4)

events (1)



movie reviews and tv reviews (34)

news (47)

offers (4)

online sessions and screenwriting classes (14)

our books (6)

our pick of the web for writers and producers (9)

our videos (2)

our winners (125)

pitching (37)

industry diary (26)



rom-com award (23)

sci-fi and fantasy award (19)

screenwriting contests (33)

screenwriting courses (15)

screenwriting courses on demand (5)



script mentoring offers (15)

studio consulting (23)

trainees' examples (19)



success stories (9)

trainees and interns (10)

updates (225)

wmc (127)

results (46)

wmc-archive (8)

wmcm (12)
	
monthly contest winners (9)





world cinema (1)

writemovies academy (30)

writemovies news (184)

writers' journeys (10)

writing insights (91)

ian kennedy (26)

matt rose (2)






recent posts


making every character count – february 17th


film production and distribution – new course launching in 2025!


blade runner and ai: acclaimed new dr alex ross article!


2024 screenwriting contest winners and honorable mentions!


2024 screenwriting contest semi-finalists announced!


2024 screenwriting contest quarter finalists announced!


2024 romance and comedy award winner announced: dad con by tracey moore and richard eng!


2024 horror award winner announced: the lonely by girard dorney!


2024 sci-fi and fantasy award winner announced: string theory by vanisha renée pierce and alex serafini


script pitch contest 2024 winner announced!


tagsacademy awards
activity
award
challenge
comedy
competition
contest
creative
deadline
fantasy
film
films
game of thrones
hollywood
horror
international screenwriting contest
movie
movies
oscars
pitching
prize
results
review
rom-com
romance
sci-fi
science fiction
screenplay
screenwriter
screenwriters
screenwriting
screenwriting competition
screenwriting contest
script
script development
scripts
scriptwriting
star wars
winner
winners
writer
writers
writing
writing contest
writing tips
 



home
about writemovies
writemovies academy: a unique virtual film school!
writers’ tools
 






facebook




x




rss


© writemovies. 264 s. la cienega boulevard, suite 1132, beverly hills, ca 90211 




 sign in
username or emailpasswordsign in don't have an account yet? register
forgot password?
 register
emailpasswordregisteralready have an account? sign in
 reset password
please enter your username or email address, you will receive a link to create a new password via email.username or emailsend email




manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept cookies
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 


















































