










home - greenwich chamber of commerce





















































  

















skip to content
























member loginjoin





































































menu 
about the chamber about us blog board of directors and staff chamber events committees contact us in the news join the chamber members member benefits radio show testimonials volunteer opportunitiesevents all events chamber events event photosoffers & deals employment opportunities hot deals member to member dealsabout greenwich shop greenwich charities community events community news education greenwich at a glance health services important town numbers parking & transportation real estate things to do entertainment & culture hotels, bed & breakfast parks & recreation restaurants shopping visitor information town of greenwich weatherdoing business ct state business resources major employers marketing opportunities starting a businessdirectory








 















 
 


 
 


 
be heard our chamber connects you with our local government and our community so you have a voice. 


community news


 
































































welcome to your greenwich chamber






greenwich chamber of commerce is a membership-based non-profit devoted to advocating, promoting, connecting and educating local business. the chamber hosts over thirty programs and events designed for networking and connecting, with the ultimate goal of business growth and sustainability. 
please look to this website as your resource guide. sign up for our emails for helpful updates and happenings. we are working with governmental and state entities as well as with town hall to provide you with updated information as we hear it.

























					news				








					chamber events				








					directory				








					hot deals				








					transportation				








					jobs				






















register for chamber events






view all chamber events >>
















community events






view all events >>













post your event >>




















features















 
chamber advocacy 
our town hall website has useful information on how your business can continue to connect with important town resources, including social services, planning and zoning and other important department information. subscribe for town email updates and visit the town's dedicated covd-19 page for helpful updates.


community news


 













join the chamber family

become a chamber member and be connected. learn how you can grow your business through our member benefits.








join now












stay informed
be alerted to the latest resources available to you and or your business on a sate and local level and learn more ways you can connect with our community.







email signup












our business directory and resource guide
our annual community resource guide and business directory is a guide to our beautiful town of greenwich including key phone numbers and town resources.








ebook












member center
did you know that once you join you have access to many free marketing tools? just log in and start using these free member benefits:

create events
news releases
offers
job postings
and more








member login





























new members 


 
















shopping 
shop greenwich
retail
clothing
jewelers
home furnishings
shoes
automobiles
 
















things to do 
restaurants
entertainment & culture
health & wellness
salons
beaches
griffith e. harris golf course
parks & recreation
 
















living in greenwich 
parking & transportation
real estate
education
health services
job postings
news releases
town website
 
















your chamber 
about us
board of directors
contact us
join the chamber
member benefits
volunteer now
 





















 












© 2025 greenwich chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












greenwich chamber of commerce






45 east putnam avenue, suite 121
greenwich, ct 06830
(203) 869-3500 phone
(203) 869-3502 fax
greenwichchamber@greenwichchamber.com









connect with us






follow us on social media












































sign up for our emails 

























 © 

 greenwich chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
















