


hydro-seeders by bowie, kincaid, turbo turf














 





 





looking for  hydro-seeders, hydromulchers,
                straw mulchers or straw blowers? 
look to emerald for hydroseeding equipment or straw mulchers
            built by leading manufacturers in the u.s.a! 




hydroseeding
                      equipment
hydro mulchers
                  by bowie, kincaid
                  hydro-seeders and kincaid
                  jet-agitated hydro-seeders  and turbo
                  turf - new or used
                  hydro-seeders
                  available!

 


straw
                      mulching equipment
 straw mulchers by bowie and kincaid.
                tailgate and trailer models to choose from.




used
                        equipment hot sheet
browse our used
                hydro-seeder and used
                straw mulcher list for the latest deals.



custom
                      hydro-seeders
need a hydro-seeder with a larger tank or more powerful engine? are your projects
extremely demanding? contact emerald about custom
hydro-seeders and get the custom features your extreme projects demand!




parts & accessories
replacement parts, nozzles, hoses 
and reels for hydro-seeders.


pumps
replacement pumps
                by bowie. did you know kincaid mulcher-seeders and turf-maker
                hydro-seeders use bowie
                pumps?





landfill
                      supplies
offroad
                hydro-seeders by kincaid for landfill use, plus alternative
                daily covers and odor
                control products. 


hydroseeding
                      supplies
let emerald load your hydro-seeder with mulch, seed, fertilizer and tackifier.
                we also have lawn planting supplies for
                hand-seeding lawns.




fire fighters – ask how your
                  fire team can get the hydro-power of our hydro-tanks!


 
 




specializing in...

bowie
                          hydro mulchers & straw
                            blowers
hydro-seeder products
 erosion control equipment 
lawn seed mixes for pacific
                    northwest lawns

supplying products to the pacific northwest.
thank you for visiting. please call or e-mail
                us for more information!
emerald is unique! the owner arman  kluehe
              is a hydroseeding veteran and worked many years as
              a successful hydro-seeder. now as a hydroseeding
              equipment dealer, arman has put in more time on hydroseeding
              rigs than any other dealer in the usa and knows all
              the ins and outs of the hydroseeding business. please call and
              let the dealer with a "heart for hydroseeding" assist
              you in your search for a hydro-seeder, hydro-seeders, hydroseeding
              equipment, hydromulchers, straw
              mulchers or straw blowers -
            new or used!

 celebrating 28 years in business! 1983 to 2011














in memory of donna kluehe, 1957-2005




contractors, developers,
                government agencies click
                here!
residential and
                land owners, click here!




top of page
equipment | parts & accessories | pumps | hydroseeding
            supplies | seed 
lawn
            planting supplies | landfill
            supplies | erosion control supplies 
news & classifieds | prices & terms | contact
us | home





 emerald equipment
emerald seed & supply


(541) 504-0307 oregon       call for
      fax



located at 6535 ne 11th street, redmond, or 97756
        mailing address: po box 215, terrebonne, or 97760


emerald is not affiliated with any other store. emerald cannot offer economical shipping of small quantities of erosion 
  control products to destinations outside of the pacific northwest states. manufacturer
  or emerald seed & supply/emerald equipment/emerald hydro-turf, inc. not responsible
  in case of accidents.



copyright © 2010 by emerald
              seed & supply. all rights reserved. text, graphics, images,
              and html code are protected by us and international copyright
              laws, and may not be copied, reprinted, published, translated,
              hosted, or otherwise distributed by any means without explicit
              permission. hydroseeder is a registered trademark of finn corporation.
most of our photographs are property of
                emerald seed and supply. please contact
                  us for permission to use before trying to use them on your
                web site or in your publications. fraudulent use of our web content
                will be prosecuted by the full extent of the law.









