










home - academy of criminal justice sciences



























































 
 























skip to content














 
become a memberrenew your membershipmember log-in

























































menu 
homeabout about acjs executive board members past presidents 2024-2025 committees contact usmembership membership information benefits of membership membership application 2025 new membership dues process regions acjs sections community college corrections critical criminal justice drugs and alcohol research international juvenile justice and delinquency law and public policy restorative and community justice minorities and women cybercrime, terrorism, and security studies section police teaching, learning and scholarship victimology student resources affiliation agreementsjobsannual meeting annual meeting our 2025 sponsors alpha phi sigmaawards student new awards acjs section awards 2025 award/grant winners past award winnersdegree directory degree program directory directory development jcje special issuepublications acjs journals acjs today newsletterresources constitution and bylaws acjs policy manual statement on academic freedom election forms/volunteer info national criminal justice month directory of policy experts academic program review academic program assessment code of ethics anti-discrimination/harrassment international resources











 























                                annual meeting banner                            














                                career center                            














                                2025 exhibitor registration                            






next
previous

















acjs: transforming justice through research, education, and practice








 






























the academy of criminal justice sciences (acjs) is an international association established in 1963 to foster professional and scholarly activities in the field of criminal justice. acjs promotes criminal justice education, research, and policy analysis within the discipline of criminal justice for scholars who are international in scope and multidisciplinary in orientation, professionals from all sectors of the criminal justice system, and students seeking to explore the criminal justice field as future scholars or practitioners. anyone interested in joining this community can learn more by exploring the acjs website. welcome!





























upcoming events








acjs 62nd annual meeting






march 11-15, 2025






now accepting abstract submissions for the 2025 annual meeting in denver, co.
submission deadline: september 30, 2024, preferred; october 14, 2024, final.







click here to view the call for presentations










events calendar














see events calendar































acjs is a non-profit association with multi-ethnic, multi-generational members. whether you are a student, new or seasoned academic professional, practitioner, or service provider, there is a place for you within the academy as a member.  acjs has several avenues for you to get involved, learn from experts and mentors, grow or expand your leadership skills, and build friendships. we encourage you to become a member right away!







learn more














































 












© 2025 academy of criminal justice sciences
 | 
site by growthzone


























phone




(301) 446-6300 









mailing address


p.o. box 960, greenbelt, md 20768 








email


info@acjs.org 









quick links








home
about









events
log-in












connect









facebook





x





linkedin





instagram



















 © 2025 academy of criminal justice sciences.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 




















