department of mathematics




powercat


chevron


double-chevron



chat-purple





home


computer window with a question mark





close


facebook


linkedin


menu


search


twitter


youtube


apply-purple








apply-white








chat-white





request-purple



request-white







jump to main contentjump to footer

kansas state university



connect
canvas
orgcentral
navigate
ksis
hris
webmail



sign in


browse a-z




department of mathematicssearch
search
department of mathematicsadvancing mathematics through excellence in teaching and research in pure and applied mathematics and developing highly sought-after quantitative and problem-solving skills.




about the department
k-state's math department offers a phd, masters, concurrent bs/ms degree and a graduate certificate in applied mathematics, bachelors, and dual degrees in engineering, business, and agriculture, and double majors in the sciences, humanities and arts. 
we also have a minor program that is just a few additional courses for most stem fields.
k-state's math department offers quantitative and problem-solving skills for use in math careers or other fields. math graduates are sought for their specialized knowledge and ability to reason, think analytically, and solve problems.
the mathematics bachelor degrees offer four concentration areas for students to tailor an undergraduate degree to fit their interests. choose from applied mathematics, actuarial mathematics, mathematics pre-graduate, and mathematics teacher preparation. the department has competitive noyce scholarships for stem field students who wish to complete a dual in the college of education and the college of arts and sciences in mathematics.
k-state's mathematical scholars program can be used toward quantitative requirements of the k-state honors program and, upon successful completion, will result in a "bachelor's degree with departmental honors in mathematics." there is a scholarship associated with successful completion of the 2nd year of our scholars program.
we offer success support of over 20 help hours available in the fall and spring, graduate mentors through our directed reading program, and faculty mentors in ten different research groups with many of our instructors winning teaching awards
 
mathematics news

 
minor in mathematicsenhance your chosen area of undergraduate study with a minor in mathematics.learn more undergraduate programschoose a bachelor of arts or a bachelor of science degree. combine math with another major like physics or a dual degree like engineering.learn more  graduate opportunitiesk-state offers doctorate, masters, concurrent b.s./m.s. degrees and a graduate certificate in applied mathematics.learn more 
 
 
events in mathematicssee all events




apply-white








chat-white





request-white



how to applyrequest infovisitdepartment of mathematics138 cardwell hall 1228 n martin luther king jr drive, manhattan, ks 66506 785-532-6750 |  785-532-0546  fax | math@math.ksu.eduundergraduateundergradmath@ksu.edu
 
graduatemath@math.ksu.edu






contact us


emergency


statements and disclosures


accessibility





kbor free expression statement




© kansas state university


updated






updated: 1/8/25

