




home - baldor.com













































 


english










                        english
                    






                        français (canada)
                    














go

























abb's website uses cookies. by staying here you are agreeing to our use of cookies    -> learn more




































































more than 100 years ago, we set out to build a better motor, and that’s still our goal. today, abb is the world’s number-one manufacturer of nema motors, and we’re proud to support you locally with the baldor-reliance product brand. when you choose an abb baldor-reliance motor, you get a product designed and manufactured for quality and reliability, backed by a global network of sales and support professionals dedicated to providing a world-class customer experience.












product offering








ac motors


general purpose
severe duty
washdown duty
explosion proof
pump
hvac
farm duty
definite purpose
unit handling
variable speed ac
custom ac motors
clutches & brakes
brake motors
marine duty
direct drive motors
abb nema motors











servo motors


ac brushless servo hds motors
servo gearboxes
bsm c-series ac brushless servo motors
bsm b-series motors
bsm n-series ac brushless servo motors
stainless steel ac brushless servo motors











large ac motors


large induction motors
large synchronous motors











dc motors


integral hp and rpm iii
fractional and permanent magnet
feedback devices











grinders, buffers, lathes


grinders
buffers
polishing lathes
belt sanders





























all news


company news


new products


industry news


awards & recognition








all news















q2 2023 results


                            to summarize the outcome in the second quarter, i would first highlight the 2% comparable order growth which was up from last year's already high level, and the positive book-to-bill. it was good to see that the customer activity remained robust throughout the period. secondly, the high revenue growth of 13% (17% comparable) supported by backlog execution. thirdly, the record-high achievements on both absolute operational ebita of $1.4 billion and operational ebita margin of 17.5%, up 200 basis points from last year, with all four business areas above 15%. this was supported by a strong price contribution which more than offset labor inflation as well as some limited cost inflation related to commodities, with additional support from operational leverage on increased volumes in production. and lastly, the solid cash flow from operating activities of $760 million. all the while we executed on portfolio optimization and continued to introduce leading new technology to help our customers become more sustainable and resource efficient. in my view, the quarter is an additional indication that we are establishing abb's operational performance at a higher level.
                        








parker and abb take an inflatable boat to the top of the world


                            the northwest passage is the sea route between the atlantic and pacific oceans through the arctic ocean, along the northern coast of north america. this 6,000-kilometer stretch of treacherous waters is considered one of the most dangerous nautical routes in the world. for centuries, explorers sought a navigable passage as a possible trade route to asia but were blocked by north, central, and south america; however, in 1906, a team of norwegian sailors successfully traversed the passage. since then, specialty vessels with crews of dozens, if not hundreds, of highly trained sailors have attempted the voyage; some emerged successfully on the other side, but just as many were forced to turn back, call for rescue – or worse.
                        








abb to invest $1 million in advanced manufacturing workforce initiative | press release


                            abb announced today at the selectusa investment summit that it is investing $1 million in the university of arkansas - fort smith (uafs) to help position the school to become one of the nation’s leading advanced manufacturing educational institutions. this announcement follows abb’s recent commitment to invest $170 million in manufacturing and distribution operations in 2023.
                        





view all











company news















q2 2023 results


                            to summarize the outcome in the second quarter, i would first highlight the 2% comparable order growth which was up from last year's already high level, and the positive book-to-bill. it was good to see that the customer activity remained robust throughout the period. secondly, the high revenue growth of 13% (17% comparable) supported by backlog execution. thirdly, the record-high achievements on both absolute operational ebita of $1.4 billion and operational ebita margin of 17.5%, up 200 basis points from last year, with all four business areas above 15%. this was supported by a strong price contribution which more than offset labor inflation as well as some limited cost inflation related to commodities, with additional support from operational leverage on increased volumes in production. and lastly, the solid cash flow from operating activities of $760 million. all the while we executed on portfolio optimization and continued to introduce leading new technology to help our customers become more sustainable and resource efficient. in my view, the quarter is an additional indication that we are establishing abb's operational performance at a higher level.
                        








parker and abb take an inflatable boat to the top of the world


                            the northwest passage is the sea route between the atlantic and pacific oceans through the arctic ocean, along the northern coast of north america. this 6,000-kilometer stretch of treacherous waters is considered one of the most dangerous nautical routes in the world. for centuries, explorers sought a navigable passage as a possible trade route to asia but were blocked by north, central, and south america; however, in 1906, a team of norwegian sailors successfully traversed the passage. since then, specialty vessels with crews of dozens, if not hundreds, of highly trained sailors have attempted the voyage; some emerged successfully on the other side, but just as many were forced to turn back, call for rescue – or worse.
                        








abb to invest $1 million in advanced manufacturing workforce initiative | press release


                            abb announced today at the selectusa investment summit that it is investing $1 million in the university of arkansas - fort smith (uafs) to help position the school to become one of the nation’s leading advanced manufacturing educational institutions. this announcement follows abb’s recent commitment to invest $170 million in manufacturing and distribution operations in 2023.
                        





view all











new products















abb expands its family of baldor-reliance ec titanium motors | press release


                            abb has added iec frame options to its integrated motor-drive offering of baldor-reliance ec titanium motors. standard features include aluminum housed top-mount of axial mount integrated drive, ip55 enclosure, internal shaft grounding brush and class-f insulation. ec titanium motors are rated for inverter use per iec 60034-18-41. the iec integrated motor-drive is capable of operating as a top-mount drive in ratings of 1 to 10 hp (0.75 – 7.5 kw), or axial-mount drive in ratings 1 to 7.5 hp (0.75 – 5.5 kw).
                        








abb expands the broadest severe duty offering with baldor-reliance xt motor | press release


                            abb’s baldor-reliance severe duty xt motor is a true severe duty motor that bridges the gap between the baldor-reliance general purpose and xex premium severe duty motor lines.
                        








dodge qd bushing installation | video


                            quick disconnect, or qd bushings, are a concentric shaft attachment method allowing easy installation and removal of v-belt sheaves, sprockets, and couplings.
                        





view all











industry news















designs and construction features of marine motors


                            commercial marine motors in general are high-grade motors treated for corrosion resistance and designed for use on shipboard applications. these motors meet the regulatory requirements governed by three major specifications: the american bureau of shipping (abs) rules for building and classing marine vessels1, the united states coast guard (uscg) electrical engineering regulations2 and the institute of electrical and electronics engineers (ieee) standard 45, recommended practice for electric installations on shipboard3. marine motors are also used for other-than-shipboard service in functions on offshore drilling rigs, shipyard applications and port equipment. marine motors are usually mounted to steel structures, which are subject to vibration and shock or pitch and roll movement, and typical marine application settings are very humid and salt-laden harsh environments. therefore, the environments in which shipboard motors operate and the functions they perform require unique design and construction considerations above those of standard industrial motors.
                        








maximize motor reliability and efficiency | external article


                            choosing the right motor and drive for an application is central to achieving the desired performance and service life. strategic monitoring and testing help to keep the devices and systems in top form. the following are some offerings that further these crucial goals.
                        








digital technology helps het to the heart of the matter with pumps | external article


                            pumps are literally the heart of a food plant, moving vital fluids around. and as with human hearts, electronic monitoring of their condition can ensure continued health. digital technology has enhanced the performance and the maintenance of many kinds of industrial equipment, and pumps are no exception. the right kind of monitoring and control of pumps, and of the motors and drives that power them, can go a long way toward improving their performance and making sure they keep running.
                        





view all











awards & recognition















abb retains top honors for electric motors in annual control design readers choice awards


                            the results are in! once again, abb and baldor-reliance motors have been recognized as most preferred in the category of electric motor technology in the 30th annual reader’s choice awards balloting for control design magazine. the readers who responded anonymously to the survey represented diverse process industries with the majority of responses from north america.
                        








abb’s global product manager selected for leadership greenville


                            participants chosen for leadership greenville share diverse experiences through community projects to provide quality leadership within the area.


                        








tennessee green star partnership member highlight | external link


                            the tennessee green star partnership is a voluntary environmental leadership program designed to recognize industries in the state that are committed to sustainable practices.
                        





view all
















industries




hvac


food and beverage


cement, mining and minerals


water and wastewater






















recent videos





























california transparency in supply chain act of 2010 disclosures   | 
 terms and conditions of use  |  cookies and privacy policy

copyright © 2018 abb motors and mechanical inc. all rights reserved.
        

































english



|




français (canada)



|
 






