








ayrshire history: the history of the county and its people, and the local
history of its parishes, towns and villages.




















home page






















copyright notice:  links to this site are welcomed.  however none of the material on the site may be duplicated in any form.  the copyright of the articles is the property of the authors.  copyright of the web pages is the property of david mcclure.








recent additions: 


osa:
all the accounts for ayrshire parishes are available on this site. 
follow the links in the table of parishes for the osa for individual parishes.
if you find errors or omissions in the transcriptions please report them to dmcclure at ayrshirehistory dot org dot uk (please convert to the usual format).


milestones:
1) milestones formerly on the turnpike from irvine to stewarton. details and photos here. 
2) a direction stone formerly on the ayr to kilmarnock turnpike is described and illustrated here.
3) 6 milestones and 6 direction stones on the turnpike from kilmarnock to cumnock. details and photos here.





recent additions:


milestones
photos of milestones on more turnpikes have been added:
t69 a minor road from b730 near stair bridge to a70. 
t108 a nineteenth century maybole bypass. 
t42 ayr to girvan by dunure and maidens.
t40b maybole to girvan by crosshill.  t40a maybole to girvan by kirkoswald.
t47 maybole to girvan by dalquharran.
t52 maybole to straiton.
t49 maybole to dalrymple; dalrymple to kirkmichael.
t40 ayr by alloway to maybole. 
t31 monkton to tarbolton. 
t39 dalmellington to new cumnock. 
t38 ayr to dalmellington.
t33 kilmaurs to crosshouse. 
t19 galston by sorn to cumnock. 
t6 kilmarnock to stewarton.




sanny sloan, the miners' mp and his family of the first world war
an article by esther davies, first published in may 2015, now with revisions to november 2018.  



the blaneys of waterside
an article based on letters, postcards and photographs preserved by sarah news, born in waterside in 1896. 



rob close's the street names of ayr (2001) has for some time been out of print.
download the pdf.


ayr choral union 1876-2016
a history of 140 years of the acu by margaret crankshaw. 


prestwick toll
a memoir by jim mitchell (link to an off-site blog) 


victorian street name plates in ayr: a photographic inventory 
 to 
updated 2nd march 2017. 


"ayrshire's record" by a.m. struthers
published in november 1951, this is a review of the ayrshire volume of the third statistical account of scotland. 



the montgreenan milestones
by david courtney mcclure  


 













                      search ayrshire history







to post your particular interest in ayrshire history, to ask a question of members, or to contribute to an ongoing discussion, please join the ayrshire history google group. the group has 581 members (october 2019). 




  


 ayrshire history 


 visit this group 






  


 subscribe to ayrshire history 




 email:
                        





 




a quick guide to the site
what you will find in the main sections
ayrshire parish map
where the parishes are; and some basic facts and figures with links to the osa 


 








ayrshire is a county on the west coast of scotland, on the shores of the firth of clyde.  it has not been an administrative unit since 1975, when, under regionalisation, it became part of the region of strathclyde and was divided into four districts:  cumnock and doon valley; cunninghame; kilmarnock and loudoun; and kyle and carrick.  in 1996, under a further reorganisation of local government in scotland, strathclyde region and its districts were swept away, and ayrshire was divided into three districts: east ayrshire, north ayrshire, and south ayrshire.
the subject matter of the ayrshire history web site is the history of the county and its people, and the local history of its parishes, towns and villages.. 
   




a quick guide to the ayrshire history site


about
who started the site and when. contact the site administrator. 


articles
a list of the articles on the site. the term 'article' covers anything from a couple of paragraphs to a several-thousand-word paper (often illustrated) on an ayrshire history topic. 


bibliography
the bibliography is divided into four categories:
ayrshire bibliography    a general index of over 600 books about ayrshire.
ayrshire notes  a list of the contents of recent volumes of this publication (to be extended to all volumes).  some of the articles will be available on the ayrshire history web site. many editions are downloadable as pdfs.
aanhs monographs  a list of monographs published by the aanhs.
yale boswell edition publications


links
the links are divided into four categories:
ayrshire links
ayrshire family history societies and related sites
scottish links 
scottish directories


research postings
to post your particular interest in ayrshire history, to ask a question of members, or to contribute to an ongoing discussion, please join the ayrshire history google group. the group has 490 members (february 2016). 




search
search the ayrshire history website. 





back to top

























