













field of schemes – sports stadium news and analysis
































 


















field of schemes




about
posts by topic

mlb

(sacramento) athletics
all-star game
arizona diamondbacks
atlanta braves
baltimore orioles
boston red sox
buffalo mlb team (stop laughing!)
charlotte mlb team
chicago cubs
chicago white sox
cincinnati reds
cleveland guardians
colorado rockies
detroit tigers
fort bragg stadium
houston astros
kansas city royals
las vegas mlb team
los angeles angels of anaheim
los angeles dodgers
mexico city mlb team
miami marlins
milwaukee brewers
minnesota twins
mlb attendance
mlb expansion
mlb lockout 2022
montreal mlb team
nashville mlb team
new york mets
new york yankees
oakland a’s
orlando mlb team
philadelphia phillies
pittsburgh pirates
portland mlb team
raleigh mlb team
salt lake city mlb team
san diego padres
san francisco giants
san juan stadium
seattle mariners
spring training
st. louis cardinals
tampa bay rays
texas rangers
tiger stadium
toronto blue jays
veterans stadium
washington nationals
world series
yankee stadium


mls

albuquerque mls team hahaha i can’t type this with a straight face
atlanta united
austin fc
charlotte mls team
chicago fire
chivas usa
columbus crew
dc united
detroit mls team
el paso
elk freaking grove
fc cincinnati
fc dallas
hartford city fc
houston dynamo
indy eleven
inter miami
kansas city wizards
las vegas mls team
los angeles fc
los angeles galaxy
minnesota united
mls attendance
montreal impact
nashville mls team
new england revolution
new york red bulls
nyc f.c.
oklahoma city mls team
orlando city soccer club
philadelphia union
phoenix mls team
portland timbers
raleigh/durham mls team
real salt lake
sacramento mls team
sacramento republic fc
san antonio mls team
san diego mls team
san jose earthquakes
seattle sounders
sporting kc
st. louis mls team
tampa mls team
toronto f.c.
vancouver whitecaps


nba

all-star game
atlanta hawks
boston celtics
brooklyn nets
charlotte hornets
chicago bulls
cleveland cavaliers
dallas mavericks
detroit pistons
golden state warriors
houston rockets
indiana pacers
las vegas nba team
los angeles clippers
los angeles lakers
memphis grizzlies
miami heat
milwaukee bucks
minnesota timberwolves
nba expansion
new orleans pelicans
new york knicks
oklahoma city thunder
orlando magic
palace of auburn hills
philadelphia 76ers
phoenix suns
portland trail blazers
sacramento kings
san antonio spurs
san diego arena
san jose nba team
seattle arena
seattle nba expansion team
seattle supersonics
spirits of st. louis
toronto raptors
utah jazz
vancouver nba team
virginia beach arena
washington wizards


nfl

arizona cardinals
atlanta falcons
baltimore ravens
buffalo bills
carolina panthers
chicago bears
cincinnati bengals
cleveland browns
dallas cowboys
denver broncos
detroit lions
green bay packers
houston texans
indianapolis colts
jacksonville jaguars
kansas city chiefs
las vegas raiders
london nfl team
los angeles chargers
los angeles nfl team
los angeles rams
miami dolphins
minnesota vikings
new england patriots
new orleans saints
new york giants
new york jets
nfl draft
oakland nfl team
oakland raiders
omaha. just omaha.
philadelphia eagles
pittsburgh steelers
pontiac silverdome
pro bowl
san diego nfl team
san francisco 49ers
seattle seahawks
st. louis rams
super bowl
tampa bay buccaneers
tennessee titans
texas stadium
toronto nfl team
washington commanders


nhl

anaheim ducks
arizona coyotes
atlanta nhl team
atlanta thrashers
boston bruins
buffalo sabres
calgary flames
carolina hurricanes
chicago blackhawks
columbus blue jackets
detroit red wings
edmonton oilers
florida panthers
hartford nhl team
houston nhl team
los angeles kings
maple leaf gardens
markham arena
minnesota north stars
minnesota wild
montreal canadiens
nashville predators
new jersey devils
new york islanders
new york rangers
nhl attendance
nhl expansion
ottawa senators
philadelphia flyers
pittsburgh penguins
quebec arena
salt lake city nhl team
san jose sharks
seattle nhl team
st. louis blues
tampa bay lightning
toronto maple leafs
vancouver canucks
vegas golden knights
vegas golden knights
washington capitals
winnipeg jets


minor leagues

aaf
arena football

ngl


canadian premier league

halifax cpl team
saskatoon cpl team


indoor soccer

san diego sockers


junior league hockey

canadian hockey league
cedar rapids roughriders
des moines buccaneers
hamilton bulldogs
new mexico renegades


lexington legends
minor-league baseball

aberdeen ironbirds
adirondack trail blazers
altoona curve
amsterdam mohawks
asheville tourists
atlantic city surf
auburn doubledays
batavia muckdogs
beloit snappers
binghamton rumble ponies
boise hawks
bowie baysox
bridgeport bluefish
buffalo bisons
camden riversharks
charleston riverdogs
chattanooga lookouts
connecticut whale
dayton dragons
delmarva shorebirds
diablos rojos del méxico
down east wood ducks
durham bulls
el paso triple-a team
elmira pioneers
erie seawolves
eugene emeralds
everett aquasox
frederick keys
fresno grizzles
glens falls dragons
green bay booyah
hagerstown suns
hartford yard goats
high desert mavericks
high point atlantic league team
hillsboro hops
hudson valley renegades
huntsville minor-league baseball team
jackson generals
jamestown tarp skunks
kane county cougars
kansas city t-bones
las vegas 51s
lehigh valley ironpigs
lowell spinners
mahoning valley scrappers
memphis redbirds
metro millers
missoula paddleheads
mobile baybears
modesto nuts
mohawk valley diamonddawgs
myrtle beach pelicans
nashville sounds
new hampshire fisher cats
new jersey jackals
new orleans baby cakes
newark bears
newark pilots
niagara power
northern colorado owlz
norwich sea unicorns
oakland b’s
oneonta outlaws
pawtucket red sox
pensacola blue wahoos
portland beavers
potomac nationals
reading fightin phils
regina red sox
richmond flying squirrels
sacramento river cats
salt lake bees
san antonio missions
san jose giants
saugerties stallions
scranton wilkes-barre yankees
some sort of baseball team in jersey village
somerset patriots
south bend cubs
southern maryland blue crabs
st. paul saints
state college spikes
staten island pizza rats
staten island yankees
sugar land skeeters
syracuse chiefs
tennessee smokies
that other lexington minor-league baseball team with the corporate name
trenton thunder
tri-city dust devils
west virginia black bears
wichita wind surge
wichita wingnuts
williamsport crosscutters
wilmington blue rocks
wilmington sharks
winnipeg goldeyes
winston-salem dash
worcester red sox


minor-league basketball

delaware blue coats
maine red claws
santa cruz warriors


minor-league hockey

bridgeport islanders
broomfield
cincinnati cyclones
colorado arena
fresno falcons
hartford wolf pack
henderson minor-league hockey team
indy fuel
knoxville ice bears
lehigh valley phantoms
manitoba moose
minor-league hockey team in bayville already
newfoundland growlers
portland pirates
reading royals
reno hockey arena
rochester americans
rockford icehogs
san francisco bulls
st. eustache minor hockey association
staten island hockey team that doesn’t even exist already
stockton thunder
utah arenas all the way down


minor-league soccer

albany mls next pro team
baltimore usl team
birmingham legion fc
boise usl team
buffalo soccer stadium
chicago soccer stadium
cleveland mls next pro team
cleveland nwsl team
cleveland usl team
colorado switchbacks
concord usl team
connecticut united football club
des moines menace
f.c. arizona
fc new york
fort wayne f.c.
fort worth soccer stadium
fresno fc
grand rapids usl team
hartford usl team
jacksonville armada
loudoun united fc
louisville city f.c.
maine
new mexico united
new york cosmos
north carolina f.c.
okc energy fc
pawtucket usl team
portland
queensboro f.c.
rochester rhinos
san diego 1904 fc
san francisco deltas
san francisco soccer stadium
south georgia tormenta fc
spokane usl team
tacoma defiance
tampa bay f.c.
tampa bay rowdies
usl
usl team


usfl

new jersey generals




college sports

college basketball

depaul university
louisville arena
rupp arena
university of akron
university of nebraska
depaul university
louisville arena
rupp arena
university of akron
university of nebraska


college track meets
college volleyball


other leagues

arena football league
asian soccer

guangzhou evergrande
guangzhou evergrande


australian football league
caribbean baseball

caguas criollos
caguas criollos


cfl

b.c. lions
calgary stampeders
halifax schooners
hamilton tiger-cats
montreal alouettes
ottawa cfl team
saskatchewan roughriders
toronto argonauts
winnipeg blue bombers
b.c. lions
calgary stampeders
halifax schooners
hamilton tiger-cats
montreal alouettes
ottawa cfl team
saskatchewan roughriders
toronto argonauts
winnipeg blue bombers


japanese baseball

nippon ham fighters
yakult swallows
nippon ham fighters
yakult swallows


korean baseball
nll

chesapeake bayhawks
chesapeake bayhawks


nwsl

angel city fc
bos nation fc
chicago red stars
denver nwsl team
kansas city current
north carolina courage
reign fc
angel city fc
bos nation fc
chicago red stars
denver nwsl team
kansas city current
north carolina courage
reign fc


taiwanese baseball
wnba

atlanta dream
chicago sky
minnesota lynx
new york liberty
oakland wnba team
washington mystics
atlanta dream
chicago sky
minnesota lynx
new york liberty
oakland wnba team
washington mystics


xfl


misc

#billstogreensboro
all the chutzpah in the world
all the stuff in nebraska
aloha stadium
america’s cup
apocalypses
are you serious?
astrodome
atlanta beat
augusta arena
auto racing
awards
balls
baltimore arena
belaboring economic points
birmingham football stadium
blog business
bmx seriously?
book reviews
brownsville arena
cable contracts
calvinball
campaign finance
cartoon subsidies
casinos!!!
charlotte tennis center
chats
chutzpah
cincinnati arena
college football

citrus bowl
colorado state
jackson state college
orange bowl
rose bowl
syracuse university
uconn
university of south alabama


college hockey

university of connecticut


college sports

college basketball
college track meets
college volleyball


community benefits agreements
concessions prices
congress gonna congress
contraction
convention center follies
cornfields in iowa
corrections
cricket
daytona international speedway
deathturf
delaware track arena
democracy is dead
demolished stadiums

candlestick park
forbes field
giants stadium
minneapolis metrodome


demolition porn
denver arena
drunk people having sex at sporting events
dumb polls
economic impact studies
economic trends
edumacating the masses
eulogies
european soccer

ac milan
as roma
bundesliga
chelsea f.c.
everton f.c.
f.c. barcelona
forest green rovers
fulham f.c.
inter milan
la liga
liverpool fc
real madrid
serie a
super league
the football league (uk)
tottenham hotspur
watford f.c.
wembley stadium
west ham


evansville arena
fake news
federal tax credits
field of schemes (the book)
fort myers amateur sports complex
fort worth arena
fos 20
fos interviews
garth brooks
gentrification and displacement
gift shop
hamilton arena
high school football
hinchliffe stadium
history repeating itself (the second time as farce)
horse racing
hotel subsidies
indianapolis stadium/arena/something
john oliver
journalism is dead
kalamazoo arena
kansas arena
kbo
kemper arena
l.a. coliseum
las vegas arenas (all 572 of them)
let’s give def leppard a hand
little league world series
lotteries
meadowlands arena
media appearances
miami marine stadium
miami open tennis
milwaukee wave
modern art makes me want to rock out
movie subsidies
mutant league hockey
naming rights
nascar
nassau coliseum
ncaa
new dallas baseball or soccer or something team
no news is good news
non-sports subsidies
norfolk arena
oakland coliseum
obituaries
olympic stadium
olympic swimming (?!?!?)
olympics
oops
opportunity zones
other leagues

arena football league
asian soccer
australian football league
caribbean baseball
cfl
japanese baseball
korean baseball
nll
nwsl
taiwanese baseball
wnba
xfl


palm springs arena
park city
personal seat licenses
pickleball already
pickleball subsidies
pimlico
planned obsolescence
policing costs
political conventions
political parties
presidential candidates (not really)
pro football hall of fame
pro lacrosse
pro rugby
public embarrassment
public health theater
public ownership
radio appearances
rapid city arena
real estate
recommended reading
recommended viewing
regina arena
rfk stadium
rich people don’t let rich people pay taxes
richmond arena
rip
rocket football?!?!?
rodeo?!?
rubber bowl
san diego stadium
saskatoon arena
seibu lions
something is terribly wrong
spheres
spokane arena
sports industry
spreading germs
sprint center
stadium demolition porn
stadium history
stadium security
state-of-the-art clauses
stimulus spending
stupid infrastructure
substitution effect
sydney stadium
tax-exempt bonds
tax-exempt status
team success
temple university stadium
the brooklyn wars
the coronacene epoch
the event of the season
the future (which we all care about because it is where we are going to spend the rest of our lives)
the looming peanut crisis
the sports-media complex
the sports-military complex
the stadium playbook

move threats


things like the olympics that aren’t the olympics
ticket prices
ticket technology
tif
toxic capitalism
trumpism
u.s. open tennis
uncategorized
vaportecture
video games
welfare reform
west side tennis club
women’s world cup 2015
world cup 2010
world cup 2014
world cup 2018
world cup 2022
world cup 2026
youth baseball




data
buy the book

print edition
epub edition
kindle edition


support this site
 











search





rays execs again blame city and county for stadium delays, while further delaying stadium 
access_timefebruary 18, 2025
personneil demause 


tampa bay rays co-presidents brian auld and matt silverman waded back into the stadium wars late last week, and the tampa bay times scrambled all its reportorial jets to cover it. for those who haven’t been following, the times has three writers who’ve been working on the rays’ stadium story: baseball beat reporter marc topkin, who is historically a mouthpiece for rays leadership; sports columnist john romano, who is more a “can’t we just find a solution here” guy; and st. petersburg reporter colleen wright, who actually reports the news. all three were on display over the weekend, and they did a classic job of describing the elephant:

wright kicked things off on friday by reporting on how auld and silverman went on a team-sponsored radio show thursday night and again blamed st. petersburg and pinellas county officials for delaying their stadium financing votes from october to december following hurricane milton, which they said “effectively broke the deal.” city and county officials, in turn, were “expressing growing impatience” with rays execs, wrote wright, with county commission chair brian scott, a strong supporter of the stadium deal, saying,  “if you can’t make a deal work with $600 million in public funding [ed. note: more like $1 billion actually], then you’ve got a business model that’s not sustainable. that’s not something that public dollars are going to fix.”
romano followed up saturday evening with a column on how “mayor ken welch and a handful of city council folk were just about the last allies the rays had in the universe and now they’ve managed to tick them off, too.” and while “to a degree” the rays ownership’s anger was justified, he wrote, because the county commission did delay their vote until new members came on board, those new members “realized their error” and decided they didn’t want to be blamed for “the bungling of a $6.5 billion redevelopment deal” and approved the funding anyway. this is rays owner stu sternberg’s last chance to get a stadium in the tampa bay area, romano argued, and if that doesn’t happen, either 1) sternberg will move the team, 2) sternberg will sell the team to someone who moves it, or 3) sternberg will sell the team to someone who gets a new stadium built locally. (the idea that maybe the rays don’t actually need a new stadium, or at least a new stadium that costs $1.3 billion plus whatever the trump steel tariff surcharge will be, seems not to have crossed romano’s mind, despite his writing that it’s likely “the team will not see huge profits upon the opening of a new stadium” because nobody really wants to go see rays games.)
a few hours later, topkin chimed in by turning over all his column inches to silverman, who said “we have four years to figure this out” and “we’ve always wanted to be here” and “we’re going to try to figure it out,” but that rays execs are still deciding whether to go ahead with the new stadium deal by march 31, after which it turns into a pumpkin and everyone goes back to square one.

it was all really quite the case study in the breadth of u.s. newspaper coverage, running the gamut from straight-up team boosterism to even-handed reporting. and even more than that, it’s a reminder of how daily news outlets seldom convey a perspective that isn’t held by someone in a position of power: we have topkin telling us how rays execs see the stadium fiasco, columnist romano expressing how mayor welch and other pro-stadium councilmembers see it, and wright reporting on the perspective of city and county officials as a whole. the idea of consulting economists or budget experts, or just regular local residents who still haven’t been asked what they think of the deal, is crazy talk — who even are those guys?
meanwhile, none of this gets us any closer to understand whether sternberg and friends are truly set to walk away from a $1 billion check because they just realized stadiums are expensive or florida gets hit by hurricanes or something, or if they’re waiting to see if st. pete officials will sweeten the deal if they hold out until march 31. that sure doesn’t sound likely given the latest statements by local elected officials — don’t forget, even welch indicated two weeks ago that he’s ready to walk away from the stadium deal if sternberg doesn’t live up to his end of things — but we’ll see. the power of “let’s just get things done” is powerful, especially when it’s posed as the sensible middle.
share this post: 

foldertampa bay rays, the sports-media complexcomment8 comments on rays execs again blame city and county for stadium delays, while further delaying stadium 





friday roundup: browns officially demand $1.2b in tax money, dc and san antonio residents call out public cost of sports plans 
access_timefebruary 14, 2025
personneil demause 


and how’s your city’s week going? that good, huh? it’s going around.
i would share more bluesky snark with you, but there’s stadium news to be gotten to:

the cleveland browns owners have formally issued their request for funding for a $2.4 billion domed stadium in brook park, and it includes $1.2 billion in taxpayer money. (the breakdown is $600 million state, $178 million county, $422 million city, if you’re an ohioan and are wondering which of your government budgets the money would be coming out of. also, though it’s being described as “new tax revenue,” it really isn’t; hey there, casino night fallacy!) team owner jimmy haslam is describing this as a “50/50 public and private partnership,” though of course that’s only on the spending end; the chances of taxpayers getting an equal cut of stadium revenues are estimated as rotfl. at least one of the elected officials being asked for cash was extremely unenthusiastic: cuyahoga county executive chris ronayne, who has stated that he’d rather the browns remain within the city of cleveland, said, “we have to throw a flag on the play” and “it’s a hail mary to throw out numbers that don’t square,” sorry, we’ve reached our maximum daily exposure to football metaphors, we’ll have to pick this up again next week.
d.c. mayor muriel bowser told a community meeting that she wants to build a washington commanders stadium at the rfk stadium site, and according to wtop, “when someone asked whether bowser would commit to not offering a subsidy, she said no.” news reports didn’t describe the crowd reaction to that non-pledge, but given the overall skepticism about a stadium plan expressed at the meeting, we can picture it for ourselves.
speaking of resident reaction, “‘highly speculative’: residents bristle at lack of answers on funding for new spurs arena” is a pretty evocative headline, well done, san antonio express-news. and unlike in d.c., in san antonio massive public scorn matters, because the spurs arena development plan — which goes by the truly jaw-dropping name project marvel — is going to require a public referendum to pass, so the spurs owners have some bristling to address.
the united soccer league says it’s planning to launch a new top-tier division in 2027 to compete with major league soccer, made up of some of its existing second-tier franchises and some new ones, and you know what new soccer teams means: new soccer stadium demands! usl officials talked a lot about how the u.s. needs a system more like europe, where there are tons of soccer teams in cities large and small, but left out the part about how those teams’ stadiums are typically built without large public subsidies, curious, that.
and speaking of soccer stadiums, a clown study by the connecticut center for economic analysis claims that a new soccer stadium in bridgeport would “generate $3.4 billion in economic output and sustain 1,300 new permanent jobs annually until 2050.” wait, 1,300 permanent jobs annually? like, 1,300 jobs one year, then another 1,300 jobs the next? it will not surprise you to learn that the connecticut center for economic analysis is connected with uconn’s business school, not its economics department, though it may surprise you that the report was apparently issued last august but only got reported on by the hartford business journal this wednesday, slow week in the stenography industry, i guess.
you may think you don’t want to read a long profile of college of the holy cross economist victor matheson in the school’s magazine, but what if i told you he provides scientific tips on which lottery numbers to avoid picking? matheson also discusses stadium funding (“let’s just say that i’m fairly happy that i have long-term job security as a critic of spending massive amounts of taxpayer money”) and the fact that he wears a different soccer jersey to class each day, which, yes, requires a lot of soccer jerseys.

share this post: 

foldercleveland browns, connecticut united football club, economic impact studies, san antonio spurs, usl, washington commanderscomment34 comments on friday roundup: browns officially demand $1.2b in tax money, dc and san antonio residents call out public cost of sports plans 





indiana guy wants to create commission to think about building bears stadium, maybe, if it had any money 
access_timefebruary 13, 2025
personneil demause 


almost as long as the chicago bears owners have been angling for a new stadium somewhere in the chicago area, people have been wondering when indiana would get involved, given that 1) every place large and small in illinois has already been approached and 2) indiana, amirite? and this week, the indiana state legislature finally took the bait … sort of:
the state legislature is considering house bill 1292 which would establish a northwest indiana professional sports development commission, which would study plans to attract one or more professional sports franchises…
the commission would spend money from the professional sports development fund, which would be funded through general assembly appropriations, grants, gifts and donations.
the bill, which has already passed its first state house committee, wouldn’t actually allocate any money to that sports development fund, though. so really this is more about opening a state bank account, writing “for stadiumz” on it, and then going oh please oh please.
bill sponsor rep. earl harris jr. of east chicago — a former fox sports midwest producer who took over his house seat from his mom, who took it over when his dad died — seemed to admit as much, saying he hoped the bill would “cause attention,” and here we are, giving him that attention. harris also acknowledged he hasn’t talked to anyone in the bears organization yet, you know what, let’s shut this down right now, go read something else that’s actually news, there must be some out there somewhere.
share this post: 

folderchicago bearscomment6 comments on indiana guy wants to create commission to think about building bears stadium, maybe, if it had any money 





ohio gov says $2b stadium slush fund would let state avoid selling bonds (spoiler: it wouldn’t) 
access_timefebruary 12, 2025
personneil demause 


signal cleveland has read ohio gov. mike dewine’s stadium slush fund plan so you don’t have to, and even i don’t have to. (which is appreciated, because the first two sentences of the bill are doozies.) here’s highlights of what they found:

doubling the online sports gambling tax from 20% to 40% would generate an estimated $130-180 million a year, which is a lot, and would easily cover a couple of billion dollars for cleveland browns and cincinnati bengals stadiums, for starters. signal cleveland does not report how that estimated figure was estimated — presumably at some level of increased taxation, people would stop using online sports gambling altogether and the revenue would drop to zero — so we’ll just have to take the governor’s word on this one for now.
any resulting windfall of money would be available for either: major-league stadium renovations costing at least $100 million or new stadiums costing at least $1 billion; mixed-use developments around stadiums that are funded at least 60% by non-state sources; or minor-league stadium renovations costing at least $10 million or new stadiums costing at least $50 million. this would cover pretty much anything, though possibly an mls team might have to appeal to be considered “minor league” if it couldn’t come up with $1 billion worth of crap to stuff into a stadium.
the newly-created ohio advisory committee for sports facility construction and youth sports education (that’s the oacsfcyse to you and me) would be required to “prioritize funding facilities or programs that promote economic development, support youth sports education and encourage training in team or individual sports” and “helping communities in the state attract major sporting events or create tax credits to promote youth sports education,” which, yet again, would appear to allow pretty much any pro sports uses.

dewine, meanwhile, says all this would be great for the state, because it would mean taxpayers wouldn’t have to worry about paying off any nasty bondses:
“we should pay for this with cash,” dewine said. “we should not bond it with the state.”
that’s … dumb? i’m going to go with dumb. (collecting even $180 million a year also wouldn’t work to pay off $2 billion in browns and bengals costs up front, but maybe dewine means to pay those off with separate bonds, which, yeah.) as anyone who has taken out a mortgage knows, paying with cash isn’t necessarily better than borrowing the money and paying it off later, especially if you can get a good interest rate — and states have access to significantly lower interest rates than normal humans. whether borrowing stadium money or paying for a project up front works out better for taxpayers is a financing question, not a public policy question; which is to say that the most efficient way to get a good return on $180 million a year in stadium spending is not to spend $180 million a year on private sports stadiums.
all this still needs to be approved by the ohio state legislature, where signal notes “republican leadership has publicly expressed skepticism,” but there’s still lots of budget haggling yet to go. hopefully once budget hearings actually start, someone will remember to bring a calculator.
share this post: 

foldercincinnati bengals, cleveland brownscomment7 comments on ohio gov says $2b stadium slush fund would let state avoid selling bonds (spoiler: it wouldn’t) 





az gov: d-backs’ $300m tax kickback plan sounds good to me if it’s good to everyone else 
access_timefebruary 11, 2025
personneil demause 


arizona officials are starting to take sides on the proposed $300 milliion-ish tax fund for diamondbacks stadium renovations, and it comes down to: gov. katie hobbs is for it so long as city and county leaders are, and city and county leaders are all hell nah.
hobbs first:
“if they can reach an agreement that is acceptable to all the parties, then yes,” hobbs said when asked if she supported the plan. “i want to keep the diamondbacks here in arizona.”
nice job, governor, both ducking the specifics of the public spending (don’t look at me, i’m just the governor, i’ll do whatever everyone else wants!) and reframing this as keeping the diamondbacks in arizona when the team hasn’t threatened to leave. (the closest d-backs owner ken kendrick has come to a move threat is declaring that unnamed “cities” would be happy to have a team, without mentioning that none of the cities currently without a team is anywhere close to the market size of phoenix.) now what about phoenix and maricopa county officials?




a spokesperson for phoenix mayor kate gallego said the mayor opposes the plan.
“mayor gallego supports the diamondbacks’ commitment to staying in downtown but opposes diverting essential tax dollars — funds crucial to phoenix’s police and fire departments — to finance sports facility renovations, particularly without an end date,” spokesperson arielle devorah said. “she believes the public deserves a voice in any decision to redirect their tax dollars.”
and:




assistant county manager zach schira told lawmakers last week that if the bill was amended so it did not draw on voter-approved taxes for transportation projects and jails, the county would shift its position to neutral on the bill.
what hobbs means by “acceptable to all the parties” could be key, as apparently the state can siphon off sales and income taxes from the stadium and give the money to kendrick without requiring city or county approval, even though this would include city and county taxes.
state rep. jeff weninger, meanwhile, has co-penned an op-ed in the arizona republic (with the head of the state chamber of commerce, as one does when one is a sandwich shop magnate) declaring that it’s all good, because this tax money isn’t really tax money:
the plan doesn’t create a new tax — it reinvests revenue that chase field is already generating. if you don’t attend games, your tax dollars won’t, either.
yes, it’s the casino night fallacy, everybody drink! weninger and his chamber pal double down by declaring that the diamondbacks are a “powerful economic engine” and citing a claim that the team’s 2023 playoff run generated $107.6 million in local economic activity, according to the seidman research institute at arizona state university, a business consulting firm that previously insisted spring training games are worth a bazillion dollars despite actual data showing they don’t increase the economy at all. “we fact-check commentary as we would a news story,” says the arizona republic’s op-ed policy — if that’s true, i’m suddenly concerned about the fact-checking standards of republic news stories…








share this post: 

folderarizona diamondbackscomment6 comments on az gov: d-backs’ $300m tax kickback plan sounds good to me if it’s good to everyone else 





is donald trump really cracking down on sports team owner tax loopholes? an investimagation 
access_timefebruary 10, 2025february 10, 2025
personneil demause 


donald trump issued a lot of statements last week, some more incomprehensible than others, and one of those, surprisingly, had to do with sports team owners:
white house press secretary karoline leavitt said thursday that trump wants to end what she described as “special tax breaks for billionaire sports team owners,” along with a range of other priorities, including ending the carried interest tax break used by private equity fund managers.
which special tax breaks are we talking about exactly? leavitt didn’t say, but most of the media speculation has been around amortization, the practice of deducting the cost of buying a team on their taxes, as if a sports franchise were a piece of machinery that gradually wears out and eventually needs to be replaced. this tax dodge is, on the face of it, insane: franchises tend to go up in value over time, not down, plus team owners already deduct the cost of replacing players through scouting and running a farm system, so this amounts to double-dipping on deductions. still, once baseball owner bill veeck invented the amortization loophole in the 1950s, it spread like wildfire across sports leagues. (though ironically enough veeck, for various technical reasons, was never able to take advantage of it.)
other possible targets could include: the use of tax-exempt bonds for stadium (difficult without congressional action, since it’s baked into the 1986 tax reform act); antitrust exemptions for leagues (likewise would require legislation); or nothing, but trump was thinking about sports because he was going to the super bowl and figured people hate sports team owners, this’ll win him some upvotes on truth social.
so can trump actually close the amortization loophole, and does he really mean to? now we’re getting deep into speculation based on one line of a press statement — there’s already lots of skepticism that he’ll really go through with eliminating an unrelated tax dodge, the carried interest loophole, because that would piss off the president’s fellow rich people, not to mention his project 2025 authors at the heritage foundation. “ending tax breaks for sports team owners lol” seems like a reasonable first reading, but maybe president musk has it in for his fellow billionaires who choose to buy sports toys instead of social media toys, could be, all that is solid melts into air.
share this post: 

folderrich people don't let rich people pay taxescomment8 comments on is donald trump really cracking down on sports team owner tax loopholes? an investimagation 





bears owner dies at 102, sets off speculation on how this will impact stadium talks 
access_timefebruary 10, 2025february 10, 2025
personneil demause 


chicago bears owner virginia mccaskey died on thursday, which will happen when you’re 102 years old. mccaskey had, understandably, not been in the public eye much of late, with her son george mccaskey serving as team chair, while president kevin warren took on most of the leadership duties, including trying to shake down various chicago-area municipalities for stadium money.
now, though, a report in crain’s chicago business claims that virginia mccaskey’s death could impact not just the team’s ownership — her roughly 30% of the team will pass down to her heirs, some of whom are reportedly eager to sell them for cash — but the team ownership’s stadium plans as well:
the team’s proposal unveiled in april for a new $3.2 billion stadium just south of soldier field calls for $2 billion of that to come from the bears. while the team hasn’t specified the sources of that funding — large portions could come from things like personal seat license and naming rights revenue, for example — splintered ownership stakes could factor into their ability to finance the project. nuances of ownership would matter to state lawmakers if they were to sign off on a large public subsidy to help, as taxpayers will need to know with whom they are doing business.
that’s pretty handwavy: if bears ownership figures out how to pay for a stadium, and illinois lawmakers are asked to contribute, they might care who owns the team. state elected officials are already on record as caring more about not contributing state money or at least not if the bears keep sucking, but sure, who owns how many shares could matter, maybe.
take that at put it through the bad 2025 journalism filter, and we get sports mockery’s headline:
we finally know real reason the chicago bears stadium has stalled
danny ecker of chicago business finally revealed a new wrinkle that explains a lot. according to what he’s gathered, one reason the state is dragging its feet is the uncertainty surrounding bears ownership. it stems from the mccaskeys giving so many shares to family members rather than just a concentrated group. that has led to reservations about whether they can finance the project as planned.
that’s not what ecker’s article says at all: it doesn’t mention anything that could remotely be construed as a “reason the state is dragging its feet.” so sports mockery — which is actually a real news site, sort of, despite its name — has made up that headline out of whole cloth. all indications are that the reason the state is dragging its feet is that state leaders, not least illinois gov. jb pritzker, are not currently inclined to cut a billion-dollar-plus check to any bears owners, fragmented or not.
back in crain’s, ecker concludes his article with the unassailable conclusion that “the team’s moves in the weeks and months ahead will offer clues and signals about what will change and what won’t in a new era of ownership for the monsters of the midway.” ah, the old “one thing’s for sure: no one knows” kicker. now there’s some fine journalism tradition.
 
share this post: 

folderchicago bearscomment9 comments on bears owner dies at 102, sets off speculation on how this will impact stadium talks 





friday roundup: moreno re-ups angels lease, plus sports leaders mumbling incoherently 
access_timefebruary 7, 2025february 7, 2025
personneil demause 


so this happened:

that’s it, i’m done, i can’t top that. rip comedy (???? – 2025 ad), reality has finally become too absurd even to laugh at.
if anyone still cares about the rest of the news, here’s some:

proving once again that expiring lease deadlines are almost never really deadlines at all, los angeles angels owner arte moreno responded to his lease with anaheim being set to end in 2029 by signing a three-year extension through 2032. there had been talk about voiding the lease entirely because it was negotiated by the city’s former mayor who ended up going to prison for attempted bribe-taking and illegal helicopter registration surrounding an attempted stadium upgrade deal, but apparently that went nowhere, so instead moreno will kick the can down the road in hopes everyone will have forgotten about that whole mess and he can get back to harvesting subsidies and spending them on players who are about to forget how to play, lolangels.
rob manfred’s mouth opened and words fell out again: “it’s important the way i say this — i am spending a ton of time with [tampa bay rays owner] stu [sternberg]. i think he’s confronted with an extraordinarily difficult situation, and we’re trying to work that situation through and keep my goal, keep the franchise in tampa bay. … we’d like to keep the franchise in tampa bay. we think the market is big enough and that there is passion for the game. having said that, it is challenging.” that’s a non-threat threat, i think? either that or a humblebrag about how he gets to spend time hanging out with one of the most hated people in sports, hard to say, really.
speaking of arbitrary deadlines, kansas city royals owner john sherman says its his “objective” to be “prepared to talk about” a new stadium “by mid-year,” which is a little odd since the missouri and kansas legislative sessions will both be done by then, so either he’s hoping for a special session or just hoping the passage of time will make everyone forget about his own recent public embarrassment as well.
and speaking of mumbling incoherently, someone asked philadelphia eagles owner jeffrey lurie if he planned to build a dome on his team’s stadium, and he replied: “i don’t have a strong opinion on it, because you’re torn. i love outdoor football. i love it. i love the cold games. i like the hot games. i like the snow games. on the other hand, philadelphia deserves to host the super bowl, ncaa final four, and lots of great events. it’s an incredible sports city, so yes you got to balance all those things. can i go now?” (okay, not actually that last bit.)
anyone else? you in the back, nfl commissioner roger goodell! “i think the process that they’re going through is very positive. they’re speaking to everybody about their needs as well as community needs and where they can find a stadium that would be suitable.” guess in comments which team he was talking about, or click the link for spoilers!
illinois state representative bob morgan has introduced the balanced earnings and record standards (bears) and stadium oversight and expectations act, which would limit public stadium spending to sports teams with a winning record three of the last five years. nice try, rep. morgan, but comedy is dead now, you probably didn’t hear.
it’s not just the shh-not-sacramento athletics discovering the joys of artificial scarcity pricing, the rays are jacking up prices through the roof now that they’re playing in a tiny ballpark, too!
how are those arena jobs created by the new taxpayer-subsidized detroit red wings arena working out for workers? oh. welp.
corporate tax breaks are costing local fire departments millions of dollars a year in budget shortfalls, this is fine, probably.
i spent an hour on wvxu’s cincinnati edition yesterday discussing the bengals stadium situation and proposed statewide sports gambling tax to create a stadium slush fund with several ohio journalists, and you can now listen to it in its entirety here. (not included: the pre-show discussion of the donuts in the wvxu vending machine, which are apparently incredibly bad, thoughts and prayers to my wvxu colleagues.)

share this post: 

folderchicago bears, detroit red wings, media appearances, misc, non-sports subsidies, tampa bay rayscomment16 comments on friday roundup: moreno re-ups angels lease, plus sports leaders mumbling incoherently 





judge okays moving ahead on spurs arena deal that could cost $500m+ in tax money 
access_timefebruary 6, 2025
personneil demause 


one sports stadium patsy leaves, one enters: bexar county judge peter sakai, who last month declared that he would put a hold on any public referendum on using taxpayer money for a new san antonio spurs arena until somebody figured out how much it would cost, now says ah, hell with it, let’s get this show on the road:
the commissioners court voted 4-1 tuesday to allow sakai to negotiate a memorandum of understanding with the city of san antonio and the spurs that would create a framework for them to discuss holding a future venue tax election.
“this is just a starting point to collaboratively assess, explore and evaluate,” sakai said. “there is no deal. there is no agreement.”
no, it’s not an agreement, but an mou would be an agreement, so an agreement is very much what sakai is now working on. the san antonio express-news reports that an arena deal could include two piles of tax money: county hotel taxes and county car rental taxes, which would be worth $397 million if the county hotel tas remains at its current 1.75% or $449 million if it’s raised to 2%. the newspaper neglected to indicate if those numbers are present value or cumulative over many years, and if so how many years. (rip, editors, you had a good run.)
so let’s try to do some quick calculations: the county hotel tax amounted to $21.3 million in revenue in 2023, while the car rental tax was $12.2 million. extend that out over 30 years, and you could pay off about $500 million in arena costs by siphoning off the taxes to pay for a new arena rather than keeping them to spend on other public needs — and likely more than that if hotel and car rental spending increases over time.
but wait!
sakai and other county officials emphasized they also have a responsibility to maintain the frost bank center and freeman coliseum, which are estimated to need at least $100 million worth of upgrades and help improve the surrounding area.
the tax has been used in the past for projects like san antonio river improvements, performing arts and amateur sports facilities.
“that pool of money is the pool of money you have to do all of those things,” [bexar county manager david] smith said.
presumably all of that pool of money has until now been used to do other things, so really any money spent on an arena would come at the cost of not doing other stuff. it would be nice to have a list of where that money is going currently, but again, this is 2025 journalism we’re dealing with here, we need to temper our expectations.
all of this would still need voter approval in november, because sakai missed the deadline for a spring referendum by waiting until now. at least that gives san antonio residents nine months to ask some pointed questions — local journalists can start things off if they want, but i’m not exactly holding my breath.
share this post: 

foldersan antonio spurscomment7 comments on judge okays moving ahead on spurs arena deal that could cost $500m+ in tax money 





st. pete mayor to sternberg: take the stadium deal we approved, or get offa my lawn 
access_timefebruary 5, 2025february 5, 2025
personneil demause 


if you were going to place a bet on which elected official would be most likely to play hardball with the local sports team owner, you almost certainly would not have chosen st. petersburg mayor ken welch. this is a guy who on his election in 2022 promptly offered tampa bay rays owner stu sternberg $600 million despite sternberg being out of stadium alternatives, then worked that up to a cool billion. if anything, welch fit the mold of the get-things-done-no-matter-the-cost mayor, which is a great way to get things done at tremendous cost.
and yet, there welch was yesterday, in his state of the city address, telling sternberg that while he’d like to go ahead with the stadium deal they negotiated last summer, if the rays owner can’t live up to his end of things, there’s a door with his butt’s name on it:

“we will not pursue the deal at any cost,” welch told those assembled at the palladium theater. “the greatness and future of st. pete does not depend solely on this deal, and i am confident that we have given this endeavor our very best effort. it’s an effort and a process we can all be proud of.”…
asked if welch would consider new terms with the rays, he said it was a “painstaking process” to get to the agreements in hand. for the rays to now say the deal doesn’t make sense, “i think it would undermine any efforts moving forward,” welch said.

before anyone gets too excited, welch is still committed to his billion-dollar stadium subsidy plan, if sternberg chooses to accept it. (and he didn’t entirely rule out giving the rays some kind of sweetener on top of the existing deal.) but sternberg has been hemming and hawing on that — mostly recently mumbling, “we have to make a decision,” yeah, no duh — seemingly in hopes of extracting even more money from taxpayers. and welch’s response yesterday was, at least: cool, cool, walk away and then we get back full development rights to the stadium land, that works for us.
is it possible that welch is just reading the room, realizing that his city council is never going to approve more stadium cash for a team owner who’s being a dick about it, and deciding to get out in front of things by drawing a hard line at “one billion dollars, and not a penny more”? absolutely. but that’s still more backbone than he’s shown before, and if nothing else is an indication that political pressure can get politicians to move, at least a little.
what happens next is entirely in sternberg’s hands. sports economist and simpsons meme master j.c. bradbury declared yesterday that “this deal is cooked, unless sternberg is willing to crawl back through the supplicants door”; i’m less sure of that, unless sternberg hates eating crow so much that he’d pass up a billion-dollar check in order to save face. it does mean he’ll have to back down and agree to swallow the “significantly higher costs” he says he now faces thanks to delays in stadium construction — delays initially caused by a hurricane, and now being extended entirely because sternberg himself hasn’t been willing to sign the paperwork. i know a lot of people believe that the rays owner secretly wants to walk away from the deal he himself spent the better part of a decade extracting from local officials, but that doesn’t make a lot of sense — or at least, would be incredibly short-sighted, but i suppose we’ve gotten plenty of reminders recently that sports team owners aren’t immune to that.
share this post: 

foldertampa bay rayscomment27 comments on st. pete mayor to sternberg: take the stadium deal we approved, or get offa my lawn 



posts navigation
older posts






latest news items


rays execs again blame city and county for stadium delays, while further delaying stadium


friday roundup: browns officially demand $1.2b in tax money, dc and san antonio residents call out public cost of sports plans


indiana guy wants to create commission to think about building bears stadium, maybe, if it had any money


ohio gov says $2b stadium slush fund would let state avoid selling bonds (spoiler: it wouldn’t)





search







 








				© field of schemes - 2025			contact: neil@fieldofschemes.com
twitter | facebook | mastodon | instagram | post | bluesky | rss: posts, comments




field of schemes












