










buffalo, ny real estate - the olear team



















































 

























elderlife real estate

what is elderlife real estate?
how to plan your move


sellers

sell my house
help someone sell a house
executors/poa


buyers

help for buyers


resources

blog
mortgage calculator
real estate glossary
western new york property taxes
seminars
diy


about us

agents
company profile
testimonials
contact us

















the olear teamwny residential real estate

no matter if you’re buying or selling a house for yourself or a loved one, the olear team has the expertise to make the process as efficient and easy as possible.

request a consultation



 













selling a home



buying a home







 sell the house. keep your home. 

your satisfaction is our priority. we invite you to examine our past client reviews and explore the content on our site. the brokers, agents and staff on our team have an average real estate experience level of 20+ years of full time real estate work throughout all of western new york.











we invite you…

to engage in a process that will help you identify your needs and wants and then translate these into a simple step by step plan to help you realize your objectives. we can help with all aspects of residential real estate including new construction, vacant land and both owner occupied and investment property. we also offer specialized services for older adults, their caregivers and their power of attorney and executors. five of our realtors hold the advanced seniors real estate specialist designation.







hear what our clients have to say






your content goes here. edit or remove this text inline or in the module content settings. you can also style every aspect of this content in the module design settings and even apply custom css to this text in the module advanced settings.
kristi l 
sherman, tx



i was the executor of an estate in buffalo and needed to arrange for a clean-up of a house, sale of the contents and eventual sale of the house. the house was a shambles at the time- poorly maintained and very dirty. it was impossible for me to attend to it as i live on the west coast. my lawyer recommended michael. michael and his team arranged for a cleanup and sale of the contents and property for prices which exceeded my expectation. he consulted on all issues and advised me about best procedures. i highly recommend his service.
mr & mrs k
vancouver, bc





the olear team was very, very helpful in selling my family home. since i live in california and the house was in the buffalo, ny area, i felt it was important to have an agent who came with good recommendations and who i felt i could trust, these qualifications were realized. the team oversaw all of the preparations for putting the house on the market and then guided me through the legal paperwork. the house sold in less than a week, and the ideal buyer was found. i couldn?t have been happier with the results.
susan r
california



thank you for all the help you gave me. you did an awesome job selling my mother?s home. being out of town was difficult. you made it easier. please thank ann for me too. she was wonderful. you were highly recommended to me and now i know why. i will and have recommended you.
thank you again.
beverly s
richmond, va





i am very pleased to have this opportunity to let you know how pleased we were with the services provided by you and your company during the recent sale of my mother’s home. from the first day we met you at her home in buffalo to our most recent long distance phone conversation, the professionalism, sensitivity and efficiency of your entire team has been more than commendable.
what could have been an arduous and complicated endeavor was eased by your team?s effort. your knowledge of the market yielded a quick offer and a smooth selling process. [?] if asked by friends in your area, please know you will receive an unequivocal “thumbs-up” recommendation from us.
jacque t
naples, fl






view more



 




 











senior living communities on college campuses: bridging generations

sep 1, 2024in recent years, an innovative trend has emerged in senior living: the development of communities on college campuses. these unique living arrangements offer a blend of vibrant campus life and specialized senior care - creating intergenerational environments that...




take steps to safeguard from fraud in everyday life

aug 3, 2023take a quick look at your email spam folder. if it’s anything like ours, you probably have at least a half-dozen emails telling you that you’ve won an exciting prize, or maybe even a couple from banks saying there is a problem with one of your accounts. it’s an easy...




when is it appropriate to rent back the property you are selling?

jul 13, 2023imagine this scenario: you’re selling your house and purchasing another. you’re told you need to be out of your home by a specified closing date. unfortunately, your new destination experiences a construction delay and isn’t going to be ready by the closing date....




selling your home? do you know your neighborhood’s absorption rate?

jun 30, 2023there are many things to consider when selling a home, but here’s a term that you may have never heard of: absorption rate. and, it’s important to know the absorption rate for your property before you list it for sale! allow us to explain … the national association of...




before making the big move, do your homework

apr 28, 2023whether you’re moving down the street or to a new city or state, the physical act of moving can be stressful and, at times, overwhelming. so before you embark on the big move, do a little homework to ensure it’s as seamless as possible. when looking for movers, choose...






the olear team
1244 niagara falls blvd
buffalo, new york 14150
716.481.9959
michael@olear.com

followfollow











copyright 2024 olear for heroes. all rights reserved. 



 




 


































