




 


austin founder lions club - home



 




austin founder lions club





cart
()



log in


 




home




about us



who we are



lions club members are...




board of directors




history




past presidents




honored lions







what we do



causes










donate



eyeglasses recycling




fundraisers



2025 casino night










news



newsletters







calendar




join us




contact us


































austin founder lions club meets every thursday.  check each week's program information for meeting time and location.




friday, march 14, 20256:30 p.m. – 10:00 p.m.
red oak ballroom
2525 w anderson lane austin, tx 78757
benefiting austin founder lions club charitable community activities, including vision screening for pre-k children and eye exams/eyeglasses for low-income children and adults; eyeglass recycling; texas lions camp for austin area children with special medical needs; scholarships for texas school for the blind & visually impaired graduates; and parent care kits for dell children's medical center.
don your favorite safari outfit, and snap photos at our african plains-themed photo booth. enjoy casino games, hors d’oeuvres/desserts, musical entertainment and libations. prizes will be awarded for the best male and female outfits.
at the end of the evening, trade in your chips for tickets to enter in drawings for some great prize packages. throughout the evening, bid on awesome silent auction items/experiences.
details at 2025 austin founder lions club casino night flyer.
on-line registration



2024 rose day fundraiser










rose day fundraiser


all roses were delivered on thursday, october 31, 2024
many thanks to all who purchased roses and the volunteers who boxed and delivered them. the proceeds will help further the work of the austin founder lions club, including vision screening of young children. 







austin founder lions club raffle was held on thursday may 30, 2024
we sold all 400 tickets!
six winning tickets were drawn and the winners are being notified
prizes were:

pair of diamond stud earrings – total appraised value: $6,600.00
4 club level tickets to austin fc match – approximate value: $1,400.00
pair of boots – value: $500.00
8 tickets to a round rock express game & 2 parking passes – value: $450.00
beach get-away – value: $450.00
family membership to capital city clays – value $250.00

thanks everyone!
see you again next year



sporting clay shoot-out fundraiser on may 10 was a great success
many thanks too all our sponsors, volunteers and participants. we look forward to seeing you next year. 

---   ---   ---
thanks to our many sponsors including:
premier sponsor


tab technologiesglenn see, president
  5321 industrial oaks blvd., suite 124
  austin tx 78735512-423-8692www.tab-tech.com


club inducts 6 new members

on thursday november 9,  2023 the austin founder lions club inducted six new members. they are lion guy davis, lion holly reed, lion tom mcconnell, lion carl schock, lion billy wood jr., and lion nancy hefner.  we are all pleased to have these new lions in our club.


club recognizes local schools 

on april 23, 2023 the austin founder lions club hosted representatives of the six schools in the austin independent school district who accepted this year's recognition for their founder lions namesakes. student representatives also attended. the schools are boone elementary, cowan elementary, kocurek elementary, pickle elementary, widen elementary and the gus garcia young men's leadership academy. each of these schools are named after an austin founder lions club member.


mobile app for austin founder lions club members

austin founder lions club now provides a mobile app to help members more easily stay in touch with club activities and their fellow club members. the app is available for both apple and android devices. it is provided by wild apricot.

using this app, you can:


see a list of upcoming events, register and pay for them.
view the details of events you've signed up for.
find other members of the club and contact them.
update your personal profile.


    




eyeglasses recycling
want to help us give sight to the world? find local eyeglass recycling drop-off locations here
according to the world health organization, 153 million people have uncorrected refractive errors (near-sightedness, far-sightedness or astigmatism). most of these vision impairments are quickly diagnosed and easy to treat with corrective lenses.

    still, millions of people in developing nations are pushed deeper into poverty simply because they don't have glasses. they can't learn, because reading is difficult. they can't work to the best of their ability, because they can't see clearly.

    it costs lions less than 8¢ to provide a pair of recycled eyeglasses and change someone's life. for children, clear vision means a better education, healthier development and a better quality of life. for adults, it means greater employment opportunity and economic strength. for seniors it means less dependence on others. lions clubs collect millions of eyeglasses each year, making eyeglass recycling one of our most popular activities. will you help us in our mission to give sight to the world? donate your used glasses today!


a history of quality and service
established in austin texas in 1916, our club has been known as the austin lions club, the lions club of austin, and the downtown lions club. in 1976, the name was formally changed to the founder lions club of austin. we are now known as the austin founder lions club and the history of the austin founder lions club is a long one of quality and service.
past and present members include many of the most prominent names in both austin and texas' history - u.s. congressman j.j. "jake" pickle, austin mayor gus garcia, both willie kocurek and his son neal kocurek, and more - all dedicated to the service of humanity through the spirit of lionism and its many community outreach programs.
we admit we are a bit proud of our status as the "world's oldest continuously operating lions club", but, we like to think that our efforts in community service are typical of lions clubs the world over. it's a story of garage sales, golf tournaments, rose sales and other kinds of fund raisers. it's a story of answering the needs of the community and of disadvantaged groups and individuals, through efforts such as our eyeglasses recycling program, support of the texas lions camp and the lone star eye bank, eyeglasses for students and other projects. and it's a story of building and working with other lions clubs to promote teamwork in service.
we are perhaps most proud, however, to be a part of lions clubs international, which provides the opportunity to support nonpartisan service activities that are worldwide in scope. through lions international we can help fight blindness and other social problems around the world while promoting international understanding, and that's what makes our association so special. the club participates in projects with other clubs in surrounding counties known as lions district 2-s3.

mission statement
to empower volunteers to serve their communities, meet humanitarian needs, encourage peace and promote international understanding through lions clubs.





hey lion members
  get your lions apparel here



upcoming speakers & events



walk & roll: a tour of multi-modal mobility projects citywide!

20 feb 2025 6:30 pm
•
tsbvi, 1100 w 45th street, building 605, austin tx 78756



2025 lions african safari style casino night

14 mar 2025 6:30 pm
•
2525 w anderson ln austin, tx 78757









 


join us on social media
    
  making a difference through community service - we serve.





    these are some of the organizations we are proud to support through the donations raised by our community efforts:          
                     

  

world services for the blind
texas school for the blind and visually impaired

 









@ the austin downtown founder lions club











privacy policy
 






 










powered by wild apricot membership software












