

good-music-guide.com - a beginner's guide to classical music.








good-music-guide.comthis site uses features found in ie5 and netscape 6 and higher

a beginner's guide to classical music, composers and cds
good-music-guide is a weekly listening guide to good music of all types on compact disc. we focus on classical music but cover the spectrum from ancient to avant garde. let us introduce you to music that you haven't heard before but wish you had!
whether you are a beginner to classical music or a life-long fan, we have pages to interest all. composer biographies, articles, cd reviews, a very popular forum, weekly quiz and much much more. classical music is for everyone!




most recent reviews
by composers a-d
by composers e-p
by composers q-z
by performers a-g
by performers h-r
by performers s-z
reviews listed by month
classical cd reviews
each week we present a cd review. the focus is on the background behind the music, what was the composer's inspiration, and what was its influence, with an emphasis on a particular recording.



a beginner's guide to classical music
music periods
music styles
collecting classical cds
boxed sets
glenn gould
classical music for children

articles about classical music
a diverse collection of short articles about music. there are articles about colelcting cds, why boxed sets are worth looking at, descriptions of musical styles and beginner's guides, and how to get the next generation of children interested in classical music.


forum homepage
forum news
beginner's forum
general classical discussion
great recordings
composer forum
opera and vocal forum
composing and performing
the diner (anything goes)
buy, swap and sell

the classical music forum
join over 800 other members in an informal discussion of all things to do with classical music. join the most active classical music forum on the net. want a piece of music identified? need recommendations for further listening? whether your taste is middle-of-the-road or esoteric classical, you are sure to find a wealth of information on our forum.


basic collection
baroque music
symphonies
concertos
chamber music
music for piano
opera
choral music
20th century music

the essential classical music collection
the huge range of music available is a bit daunting for the beginner. here we present the top 10 classical works in each genre of symphonies, concertos, baroque, chamber, piano, opera, choral and twentieth century music. not all will aggree with our selection but it certainly serves as a springboard for further exploration.


music quiz

weekly classical music quiz
think you know your classical music? each week we present a very short snippet from a very famous piece of classical music. can you gues what it is?


general classical links
online stores
recording labels
classical education
composer links
performer links
music review sites

classical music links
want to explore further? good-music-guide presents a comprehensive set of classical music links. we have general classical sites, online stores, record lables, education sites, and many others.


gasbag.net anesthesia
business activity statement software

partner sites
links to other websites on the good-music-guide.com community. these websites are maintained by good-music-guide.com and are subsidiaries of good-music-guide.com.
good-music-guide home | privacy policy | copyright | contact us



