






portland shoji screen | hand crafted and customized shoji screens




















503-380-7041
jason@portlandshojiscreen.com



instagram


 





instagram



 












home
about

the craftsman
the process
how to order
specifications
wood
installation
finish


info

to homeowners
terms of use
privacy policy


gallery

shoji screens
other woodworking


shoji blog
contact
 


select page


  
 
 













custom shoji screensquality handcrafted shoji screens in oregon
view gallery










portland shoji screen – hand made custom sliding japanese doors







welcome to portland shoji screen. my name is jason vann, and i have a great passion for designing and making items from wood and have been doing so for more than 13 years.  beginning in 2019 i began specializing in creating beautiful, custom, hand-made sliding japanese doors, windows, screens, and more. these asian-style works of art are made in portland, oregon.
portland shoji was established in 1999 and has completed over 230 projects installed in homes and businesses all over the united states as well as canada, england, and costa rica.
the original owner sold and trained me in 2019. he provided me with the additional knowledge i needed to combine my woodworking skills and knowledge to continue making high-quality custom shoji screens.
please call or contact me with your requirements or questions. i look forward to working with you.








so what is shoji?
shoji, or shoji screen, is a japanese word defined as a sliding outer or inner door made of a latticed screen covered with white paper. in other words, a sliding japanese door. additionally, some people just refer to shoji as an asian style sliding door. either way, they are all one and the same – a type of asian sliding door.what is white paper? the paper is translucent and is commonly called washi, ‘rice paper’ or mulberry paper. traditionally made by pounding the bark of the paper mulberry, gampi tree mitsumata shrub. because of its rough texture, this paper refracts and diffuses light and it is durable, sturdy, and thick. 
shoji uses
as previously stated, shoji aren’t just “doors,” they are fine furniture. typically, all shoji i make are custom and handmade doors. when the japanese sliding door is closed, they softly diffuse light throughout the house – the room isn’t as dark as with a regular door. traditional shoji slide on wood tracks very smoothly and quietly and work as a room divider, serve as sliding walls, or also window coverings. the modern version hangs from tracks containing rollers. don’t want to have the shoji act as a sliding door? fine – you can remove the tracks and use the custom, handmade door as a room divider! better yet, keep the shoji on tracks, but use it as a custom made sliding door! it will not only add function to any room, it will add beauty. want to add something distinctive to your existing wall? i can build you an asian style shoji frame – you just add your favorite picture. there’s even more – a japanese style shelving unit, a japanese style cabinet or buffet, or even a japanese style stair hand rail. i could go on….
interested in more ideas? please call or contact me with your inquiries. i’m here to help












frame and kumiko
traditional kumiko are one sided, western style is seen from both sides, thus the smaller kumiko pieces.














koshi-ita
proportioned to kumiko size, usually made of the same wood as the frame and kumiko.












washi
traditional japanese-style shoji screens have a paper applied with sticky rice glue.











the owner
jason vann



jason purchased portland shoji screen from and apprenticed with terrance maloney in 2018.
read more…



the founder
terrance maloney



terrance maloney built his first shoji while working as a cabinet makers helper in 1982 when he apprenticed with john massiocchi in portland, oregon. 
read more…



the shoji
gallery



this gallery of finished shoji showcases a few of the 50+ custom shoji jobs portland shoji screen has completed since 2019.
read more…



 







archives

january 2019
may 2014
april 2014
march 2014
february 2014

categories

asian design

asian style

custom made doors

custom shoji screens

fine woodworking

japanese door

japanese sliding door

japanese sliding shoji door

screen door

shoji

shoji blog

slider

sliding door


 






instagram


portland shoji screen | © copyright 2019-2023 | all rights reserved 















