sonesta - hotels, resorts and cruisesskip to main contentmain navigationour brandsspecial offersmeetings & eventssign in or joinsecondary navigationmy stayshelplocation searchnavigate forward to interact with the calendar and select a date. press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.navigate backward to interact with the calendar and select a date. press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.select room and guest count1 room, 1 guestselect rate typeratesfind hotelsonesta hotels and resorts
          <iframe
            src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-wz2w5c"
            height="0"
            width="0"
            style="display:none; visibility:hidden"
            aria-hidden="true"
          ></iframe>
        winter escapes​write the story of your winter journey with sonesta and save up to 30% as a travel pass member.​learn moreoffers & packagespave the way for adventure—and save—with our latest hotel offers.explore all offerssave up to 30%winter escapesenjoy up to 30% travel pass member savings on your winter getaway. book by february 28, 2025, with code snwinter.book nowlearn moreplan now, play lateryour next trip is waiting. grab it now and save up to 15% when you book at least 7 days ahead with code sonap.book nowlearn moreextend your staynow’s the time to explore more, for less. enjoy 7 or more nights with us at discounted rates when you book with code long.book nowlearn moreshow more offers + here today. roam tomorrow.join sonesta travel passwith every stay, sonesta travel pass makes it faster for your reward points to get you where you’re going next. join today to earn points and receive perks on your very first stay—now including our red lion family of hotels!join nowes suites breakfastlook what we've cooked upour free breakfast just got an upgrade. with tasty baked goods and grains, a make-your-own-pancake machine, and an egg station with—wait for it—breakfast tacos, you’ll wish tomorrow morning would hurry up and arrive.learn moretrending destinationsyour next sonesta adventure awaits! explore all locationsmiami, flmake the most of miami’s endless sunshine, inviting beaches, colorful art scene, and eclectic dining.explore miami hotelshouston, txcatch a rodeo and savor delicious texas barbeque or take in impressive museums and galleries around the city. explore houston hotelsseattle, wawander around this enticing city with world famous coffee in hand and admire the mt. rainier backdrop.explore seattle hotelscairo, egypta stay at the five-star sonesta hotel, tower & casino - cairo will leave a lasting impression.explore egypt hotelstoronto, onmake your way to ontario for an adventure in one of canada's most iconic and exciting cities.explore toronto hotelschicago, ilimmerse yourself in striking architecture, a plethora of cultural attractions, and diverse dining throughout the city.explore chicago hotelsa stay for every storywith 13 industry-leading brands to choose from, you have access to over 1,100 hotels offering a wide range of hospitality experiences across the u.s. and beyond.explore our brandsmeetings & eventswork meetings. custom events. weddings, reunions, and friends getaways. at sonesta, we’re all about bringing your vision to life—and taking care of all those little details that make an event unforgettable. let’s start planning.plan eventsnewly opened hotelssonesta is growing! explore our recently opened hotels.explore morecosta sur resort, classico collection by sonestayour dream vacation awaits at our newest hotel in puerta vallarta, mx. experience private beach access, sparkling pools, a spa, and much more.explore puerta vallarta hotelsonesta hotel baltimore inner harborwith a seamless blend of comfort and style our newest sonesta hotel puts guests near the inner harbor, downtown baltimore, and top attractions.explore baltimore hotelsonesta essential atlantic city westsettle into comfortable, modern rooms and make the most of our pool, gym, and free breakfast while staying close to atlantic city’s beaches and attractions.explore atlantic city west hotelred lion hotel gillettelocated in scenic gillette, wy, our newest red lion hotel is ideal for guests in town on business or those en route to one of the state's many national parks.explore gillette hotelsignature inn san francisco marina districtwith stylish rooms, a retro-modern atmosphere, and efficient amenities, our new signature inn delivers a fun and vibrant stay in the heart of san francisco.explore san francisco hotelsonesta simply suites lafayette airportour recently opened sonesta simply suites, featuring on-site dining, is ideal for short and long-term guests visiting for work or exploring the city's creole and cajun culture.explore lafayette hotelnewly renovated hotelssonesta is enhancing! explore our recently renovated hotels.explore moresonesta los angeles airport laxfully renovated hotel near lax with 24/7 free shuttle and on-site dining.explore los angeles hotelsonesta miami airportexperience our fully renovated miami airport hotel, featuring updated guest rooms, lobby, meeting spaces, restaurant, and pool.explore miami hotelsonesta es suites dulles airportdiscover our newly renovated extended stay hotel near washington dulles international airport (iad). enjoy spacious suites with new kitchens and furnishings.explore dulles airport hotelusa today 10 best readers’ choice 2024many thanks to our members!sonesta travel pass earned a usa today's 10 best readers' choice 2024 award for best hotel loyalty program. for seven years straight, our members have ranked us highly among our peers. here's to year eight and beyond!join nowconnect with sonestastayspecial offerslocationsmeetings & eventsegypt hotels & cruisesextended stay hotelspet-friendly hotelssupportmy staysmy accountneed help?travel sospaws at sonestashop sonestacompanyabout ussonesta travel passpartnershipsfranchisingcareersnewsroomcorporate responsibilitywebsiteprivacy policymanage cookiesterms of usedo not sell or share my datasitemapsonesta international hotelssonesta travel pass the royal sonestathe james hotelsclassico sonesta collectionsonesta hotels resortsmod sonesta collectionsonesta selectred lion hotelssonesta es suitessonesta simply suitessonesta essentialamericas best value inncanadas best value innsignature innthe royal sonestathe james hotelsclassico sonesta collectionsonesta hotels resortssonesta selectmod sonesta collectionred lion hotelssonesta es suitessonesta simply suitessonesta essentialamericas best value inncanadas best value innsignature inn© 2025 sonesta international hotels corporation. all rights reserved.

