


swedish painted furniture,swedish white reproduction furniture, swedish gustavian furniture 




a
great service for swedish 
  painted furniture sourced from swedish carpenters 
"> 























chairs


chairs 
        & sofa's  


dining 
        tables


tables


sideboards 
        & cupboards


beds 
        & bedside tables


more 
        for your bedroom


for 
        your study


for 
        the little ones


accessories


interior 
        design services


paint 
        options 


exhibitions 
        


press 
        information


terms 
        and conditions 


us 
        customer information















    at the swedish chair i have always been passionate about the old swedish furniture 
    styles.
    the pale colour and distinctive yet plain designs are all reminders of my 
    own home in the swedish lapland with its clean nordic light in the summer 
    and the snow in the winter.
    i specialise in quality 18th century gustavian reproductions, all of which 
    are made in sweden and imported directly from the carpenter to uk and international 
    customers. swedish painted furniture,white painted furniture or your choice 
    of colours.
    i take pride in giving you personal service and helping you find the perfect 
    combination for your needs.
    i hope you will find something that appeals to you on this web site. if you 
    want to order or to find out more about the range of gustavian and scandinavian 
    style furniture on offer just click in the top left hand corner.
    i look forward to sharing the joy of swedish furnishing styles with you.

    yours sincerely

    lena 


click 
    here for 
    contact details. 


 we sell in 
    the uk and abroad a complete range of white antique furniture and swedish 
    painted furniture often refered to as gustavian style furniture 
    or as traditional scandinavian style furniture in the swedish hand painted 
    furniture style.including gustavian style tables and gustavian chairs with 
    gustavian beds.we sell nordic style cupboards and more swedish style mirrors 
    and accessories.a swedish 
    interior design service is available to help you make the most of this 
    look.this style of furniture echoes the french hand painted furniture style 
    so we also have some french louis xv style white antique furniture which combines 
    well with the scandinavian style furniture.
i provide a swedish 
    interior design service in the uk and abroad, usually based on my scandinavian 
    style furniture products in the swedish gustavian furniture style, swedish 
    gustavian hand painted furniture or swedish gustavian reproduction furniture, 
    swedish gustavian ready to paint solid beech wood furniture, swedish gustavian 
    dining chairs , and swedish gustavian interior design service. 
scandinavian style white antique furniture in the uk that 
    is not ikea!








