


 
























iowa department of public safety | iowa department of public safety








      skip to main content
    











official state of iowa website



agencies a-z
programs & services














iowa department of public safety






search


menu














main navigation



 i need to...


i need to... sub-navigation





 request criminal background checks



 acquire a weapon permit



 find a missing person



 report school safety concerns



 access crash reports



 submit a compliment or complaint





 divisions


divisions sub-navigation





 administrative services division



 iowa division of criminal investigation



 iowa division of intelligence & fusion center



 iowa state patrol



 iowa division of narcotics enforcement



 iowa division of professional development and support services



 iowa state fire marshal division





 bureaus


bureaus sub-navigation





 governor's traffic safety bureau



 governor's school safety bureau



 professional standards bureau



 iowa office of drug control policy



 interoperability communications bureau





 press releases



 careers



 events & media


events & media sub-navigation





 iowa peace officer memorial



 sullivan brothers' & governor's lifesaving awards





 contact dps


contact dps sub-navigation





 contact dps



 public information officers (pio)





 weapon permits




agencies a-z
online services































iowa department of public safety
our mission is to serve the people of iowa by providing public safety services with leadership, integrity, and professionalism.











    about dps
  








    commissioner's office
  


















i need to...










                  request criminal background checks
                
request iowa criminal history record information by mail, fax, in person, online, or email.













                  acquire a weapon permit
                
iowans must obtain a permit to carry weapons by applying through the sheriff's office in their county of residence.













                  find a missing person
                
the missing persons clearinghouse helps locate missing persons through public awareness and cooperation.

















                  report school safety concerns
                
anonymously report school safety concerns and get students in crisis the help they need before it's too late.

















                  access crash reports
                
access accident related information and reports produced by the iowa state patrol for the entire state.

















                  submit a compliment or complaint
                
the department is dedicated to ensuring its policies, procedures, and guiding principles are upheld.



















become a trooper


applications are now open for our 53rd dps basic academy



  join our team
      
    































image
 







42nd annual missing children's day poster contest


fifth graders in iowa are encouraged to participate in this nationwide contest designed to promote awareness and engage them in discussions about safety. 



  submission packet & fact sheet
      
    















        iowa 511
      

traveling in iowa?


get real-time updates on road conditions, construction, commercial vehicle restrictions, road closures, and more.



  view road conditions near you
      
    













image
 


























          press releases
        

view the latest press releases from the iowa dept. of public safety.





  press releases
      
    
















          february 3, 2025
        




fans don't let fans drive drunk







        des moines, iowa — who will you be cheering for during super bowl lix? gtsb and law enforcement partners are cheering for sober drivers!
      















          january 30, 2025
        




(update) wright county attorney: eagle grove police officer charged







        eagle grove, iowa - this is not a press release from the iowa department of public safety. it is being distributed on behalf of the wright county attorney.
      















          january 27, 2025
        




dci investigates storm lake officer-involved shooting







        storm lake, iowa - at approximately 8:00 a.m. on january 26, 2025, the buena vista county sheriff’s office stopped a pickup truck for speeding.
      















          january 15, 2025
        




minnesota woman sentenced to federal prison for defrauding nail salon owner







        cedar rapids, iowa - a minnesota woman who defrauded a nail salon owner out of more than
$100,000 and then engaged in “bill stuffing” at an iowa casino.
      































                  iowa department of public safety
              

footer social media menu

social media footer menu


































































oran pape state office building
215 e 7th st
des moines, ia 50319










phone
515.725.6000










how can we help?

  share feedback with us
      
    







footer menu


footer


contact


careers


divisions


bureaus






















contact menu

send feedback


© 2024 state of iowa - read our accessibility, data, and privacy policies.










 


