









wire media














































menu

let's chat



expertise
approach
work
products & services

wordpress website design
beacon sites
digital impact reports
care packages: monthly support
digital marketing
brand


about
learning library

resources






















































where hearts meet smarts













                        
                            website strategists


































                        creative, valuable solutions for nonprofits and mission-driven organizations.
                    






text option 1


text option 2


text option 3









long-term, strategic partnerships.

we stick around. we adapt your site in real-time as needs and priorities change so you never do another redesign.

our approach








maximum value for your investment.

our process is designed to make sure your engagement with us delivers real value you can measure.

our work














                lung cancer foundation of america
            


healthcare
nonprofit

















                first amendment coalition
            


legal services
nonprofit











tailored digital products and services.

we create accessible, scalable, wordpress websites and digital experiences … and then help people find you online.

products & services








expert guidance, problem-solving, and care.

we help you make informed decisions with confidence, work together to solve problems, and plan for the future with care.

about us







































































 




wire media. where hearts meet smarts.









the accessibility, accountability, and commitment to our vision have really impressed us.


— senior communications manager, nonprofit cancer organization
	










we had a great team and a collaborative vibe going on.


— executive director, education nonprofit
	










i appreciated how they provided constructive criticism rather than just enabling us.


— project lead, women's financial organization
	










they're communicative and honest. we've had no surprises, and they're very good at setting the parameters.


— director of communications, national immigrant justice center
	










they were flexible and came up with creative solutions to challenges that came up.


— venture partner, edtech investment firm
	













1 of 5
    











learn something new.
learning



featured resource

mastering web content writing for nonprofits
get the guide



from the learning blog


sharing your nonprofit’s impact: reaching and inspiring diverse audiences


dns registration vs. management: what’s the difference & why it matters


when is it worth it to create your own website?















we’re a user experience design agency with accessibility at the core of our practice. we work with nonprofits, universities, and social impact companies.


gratitude
careers
accessibility
privacy policy
let’s chat



get wired!
it won’t be boring, but it might get a little nerdy.






* indicates required
email address *first name *last name *organization name *



















© 2025 wire media


facebook



linkedin



x










