








jerry wayne odom jr - writings on family, beer, books, software development, baton rouge and whatever comes to mind.
































jerry wayne odom jr
writings on family, beer, books, software development, baton rouge and whatever comes to mind.



home
about








feb
27


2024 starting off well

wayne
jerry odom
comments off on 2024 starting off well



hey there internet.   2024 has been a great year thus far.   if for some reason you landed on my page, you know me or thing you may want to know me in the future.  or perhaps you found me via some obscure googling.    
life is life.  i continue to work and raise my family.   writing this blog, i wonder how much i can even share these days?   with artificial intelligence and the applications in malicious use to fake people, it makes me wonder if i need to wipe my existence from the internet?    for approximately 20 years, i’ve shared a great degree of information out there.  it seemed harmless enough, however the use of that information to abuse people has proven that wrong.   i wonder how anyone can safely trust anything but face-to-face communication anymore(and i don’t mean video calls i mean face-to-face in reality)
our children face quite a new world.   my kids are very familiar with virtual reality already, it’s amazing.   it’s like the movie ready player one is coming to pass sooner than i ever thought it would!      i think about where we were in the year 2004 and it was so far from where we are now, it seems like fiction.   who knows what 2044 will bring?  





apr
27


hello everyone

wayne
jerry odom
comments off on hello everyone



my mother-in-law pointed out that i never mentioned sofie on this page like i did ella.   i found that curious, as i didn’t even recall mentioning ella on this page.   so i came on over and took a look and there it is.   me talking about how sweet ella was being on that day, over 10 years ago!     well, now she’s much older and a teenager.   so on occasion, when there’s no witnesses, i might get a hug and she might want me to spend some time with her.   daddy is just embarrassing now.    too loud and saying “strange things”, which effectively means anything i say, but as i understand it that is pretty normal from a teenager.    in any event, i’m still thankful for my big girl.    
but the little one!  sofie of course does not think i am embarrassing.   like ella did long ago, she thinks i’m funny and wants me to come play with her often.    i am, of course, extremely thankful for her.   she is the snuggler of the family.   she will hug you when you feel bad, hold your ear to comfort you, look you deep in your eyes and tell you she loves you.    she will compliment you, and care for you.   she’s an extremely sweet and vibrant child.    
writing these quick paragraphs and reviewing how i periodically visit this blog, makes me wish i wrote on it more.   truth be told, i started keeping a journal in paper journals.    and there’s a reason for that.   when my grandparents passed, much of what they had was lost.   getting hold of small bits of their writings or finding small things they had written to me has been precious.    so years ago i shifted towards writing in 2 separate paper journals so that my children could have them when i’m gone.   i’ve written in them so much, that i have additional journals for when they get full.   with any luck, i’ll have enough time to fill several paper journals so that michelle can have one when i’m gone as well as any grandchildren.    
this internet blog, while easy and accessible to everyone, is more fragile than people realize.    i’m one expired credit card away from this thing going away.   one security vulnerability away from it being wiped out by a  curious person half way around the world.     i’ve seen many online resources that existed for decades just disappear.    my journals, i can put them in a safe.   and while they can be destroyed as well, it’s much more in my control.   
different subject, the family has been well for anyone who happens to be reading.    my wife and i spend much of our time raising our children and trying to plan experiences for them, between their activities.   ella is big in to competition gymnastics, which means she trains a lot.    sofie is just starting to learn activities like this.   we think she has rhythm and will be a dance or cheerleader type, but time will tell.   she definitely advances quickly since she has a big sister to follow and emulate.    michelle is her regular busy self.   big in to gem, mineral and rock hunting.     we were going to go on a trip today actually, but life decided we needed to stay home instead.   
so here i sit, a thursday where i would normally be working, drinking coffee and not hurrying to get on a road for a vacation.   planning my next vacation for my family, and taking the time to type a few words out to the world.    not neglecting to mention my appreciation for my sofie girl as mentioned!(thanks nana)    and hoping that you, who happen to be reading this, are well also.   and wishing you a good day!





feb
29


hey it’s 2020 and i’m posting

wayne
jerry odom
comments off on hey it’s 2020 and i’m posting



an unfortunate side effect of having these websites hang around is you have to update the code behind them in today’s world to avoid any security incidents.    don’t want my website used for nefarious purposes do i?
everything’s been fine with my family and i.   we spend most days running from activity to activity for ella or chasing sofie around in this super active, but super out of control, toddler phase she’s in.    having a birthday party for sofie today and hopefully take ella hiking in clark’s creek tomorrow.   it’s a great life.  





may
17


been four years since last post!

wayne
jerry odom
comments off on been four years since last post!



it’s funny.  i think i’ve owned this website for nearly as long as i’ve been working professionally in technology.   it’s old and extremely outdated but there is no reason for me to update it i would say.   i like that it’s old.  i remember my early days in technology running across extremely old sites compared to what i was building in that day.     
i built lots of websites back when i thought i’d work in online marketing for a living.   that may have, and still could be, a more exciting job for me one day.   however working in the enterprise works well for someone who is raising a family and has to always put them first.   
maybe i’ll post again in a few years.  really just logged in to update the website software and ensure nothing bad happens to it.   cheers and drop me an email if you’d like!





mar
18


all moved in

wayne
family
comments off on all moved in



2015 has been great so far.    very nice to no longer be worried about house plans, contractors, interest rates, closing dates, etc, etc.     the family is all settled in and we’re doing normal things more frequently again!





oct
21


still building that house

wayne
beer brewing, family
add you comment



house building has gone pretty smooth thus far in 2014.   it’s been fairly smooth with the help of our builder passman homes.    
additionally i won a homebrewing contest best of show and a stout of mine will be brewed by tin roof here in baton rouge.  pretty exciting!   i also won a medal in the 2014 dixie cup for an american pale ale.  





aug
22


building a house in 2014

wayne
family
add you comment



believe it or not i haven’t forgotten about this website it simply just isn’t something i’m in to anymore.(blogging that is)   my wife and i have been busy raising our rugrat and building our permanent home in prairieville.   doing great.





nov
06


been a busy 2013

wayne
family, jerry odom
add you comment



i almost never post here anymore.  i just logged in today to host an image.   having a family leaves little time for anything besides work, the gym, brewing beer and even barely time to drink a few beers.    all in all a good just but man it’s gone by fast.    





jun
03


go usa = go tigers!

wayne
family
1 comment



yesterday we’re watching team usa play soccer against germany and ella’s watching with me.  usa scores and i tell her “scream go usa!” and without blinking she screams “go tigers!”.   close enough!





jan
01


happy new year – mrs rubys cornbread

wayne
cajun cooking, recipes
add you comment



my grandmother mrs. ruby forbes cooks my ideal cornbread.    it’s just outstanding.   i went ahead and took the time to write down her instructions because neither myself or my mother can ever remember it.   so here’s mrs. ruby forbes cornbread:
1 cup flower
2 cups yellow corn meal(preferably fresh from farmers market)
1 teaspoon of salt
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 tablespoon sugar
1 can evaporated milk
her instructions were to have your own cast iron skillet specifically for cooking cornbread.   she has what looks like an 8-10 inch diameter skillet with about 2 inch high walls that she uses exclusively for cornbread.   it’s never washed.     she wipes it out and pours a thin  layer of vegetable oil in the bottom before adding her mix.   she bakes at 450 degrees for 20-25 minutes and it’s just great!

cornbread recipe, louisiana cooking 


« previous entries





blogroll

bayou beer
best of baton rouge
cajun crossfit
highland self storage
jerryodom.net
mdo massage therapy
pocket brewer



old stuff

index archives
baton rouge
jerry odom

about me

jerry's wikipedia page

jerry at blogspot

jerry at slashdot

chess set

free firefox toolbar

beer brewing

growing hops

my projects

my résumé

playing poker

wedding pictures

random pictures

useful links

web programming

classic convertible

wine guide

consumer product reviews

jerry odom's vlog

1969 ford mustang
lsu tigers
warhammer 40000
it & technology
sports & ufc
exercise & dieting
favorite recipes
sitemap








jerry wayne odom jr · 2002-2011
		

rss feed · jerry wayne odom jr.









