



























boehringer laboratories | superior medical devices















































































innovation, quality and service



about
 | 
careers
 | 
find a representative









contact us


  



   
home
our devices

suction regulators
vavd controller + vacpac®
suction fittings and accessories
visigi 3d®
caredry®
additional devices


our mission
service manuals
blog
news and events
faqs
find a representative
contact us


















caring for lives  through innovation, quality and service 

for 50 years, boehringer laboratories has provided expertly engineered solutions in respiratory therapy, suction controls, and minimally invasive surgery.

contact a representative 












 
visigi 3d®
the first fda-cleared calibration system intended for laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy, visigi 3d®, is designed from the ground up to improve visualization. 

 
suction regulators
the simplicity and precision of boehringer suction regulators have been the choice of major hospitals for over 30 years. 

 
caredry®
a safe and straightforward external female urinary management system requiring fewer changes, reduces leakage, and decreases restrictions on patient population.

 
vavd
relied upon by more than 90% of the heart programs in the usa. vacuum-assisted venous drainage is relied upon to encourage return blood flow through the venous catheter. 










who we are 




widely regarded as the world's leader in clinical suction controls, our instruments are found in the best-run hospitals in the world, from when patients enter the emergency department, through perioperative care, all the way to step down floors and discharge. our minimally invasive device, visigi 3d®, is the first and leading sleeve calibration system in the world for bariatric procedures. boehringer laboratories takes great pride in our ability to innovate and provide our customers with safe, reliable, and cost-effective products. 















			suction regulators			



			visigi®			



			caredry®			



			vavd controller and vacpac™			














suction regulators

boehringer suction regulators have intrinsic design features meant to aid in patient safety. with the latest professional practice guidelines, we are the only manufacturer where all of our suction regulators have a factory-calibrated upper limit on the level of suction. 

a single-piece, aircraft-grade aluminum selector knob with no o-rings ensures that suction will be there when the regulator is activated. setting-memory™ ensures that the circuit, whether set on continuous or intermittent and the catheter, opened or closed, will deliver the same suction level.  

 view our products   contact us













visigi®

decompress, delineate, dissect. visigi® is a sizing and calibration system explicitly intended to enhance and upgrade the quality and efficiency of laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy procedures. 

visigi®'s precise, low-level suction stabilizes the internal tissue of the stomach, helping you better delineate your staple line and allowing you to sleeve with confidence.  

 view our products       contact us













caredry®

caredry® is designed to deliver more complete urine collection with its 360° design.

·circumferential design for superior incontinence control

·optimal leak protection with compassionate collection

·enhanced certainty for simplified nursing and patient care 

 view our products    contact us













vavd controller and vacpac™

relied upon by more than 90% of the heart programs in the usa.

vacuum-assisted venous drainage is relied upon to encourage return blood flow through the venous catheter. the boehringer vavd controller is explicitly designed to ensure this practice is both safe and efficient.  

 view our products       contact us









we are here for you. in january 2025, we have repaired 16 suction regulator units under warranty.







looking to join our team?




are you looking for the next step in your career? we are always looking to bring talented team members on board. join boehringer's team of passionate professionals and start your career in medical engineering.


view open positions more about us














opening hours
mon to fri  7:30 am to 5:00 pm


address


            																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																												boehringer laboratories, llc
300 thoms dr.
phoenixville, pa 19460																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																															
          

phone
800-642-4945 phone
610-278-0907 fax




 


            																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																		we work in a friendly and efficient environment using the latest technologies and sharing our expertise to make superior medical products.																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																
          

 
 
 
 







additional resources
instructional videos
our patents
service manuals
clinical literature
privacy policy








copyright © 2019 boehringer laboratories, llc. all rights reserved. 























 
















