







hawaii flower lei: hawaiian leis shipped fast & fresh











































































 


 





























 




 



 


1-800-665-7959
my account
earn ohana rewards
track your order


0
 cart



 
 














shopleis





all leis 
 




most popular 


orchid leis 


fragrant leis 


traditional leis 
 




ti leaf leis 


kukui nut leis & shell leis 


silk artificial leis 


large bulk lei orders 
 

occasions





all events 
 




wedding leis

all wedding leisbride & groom lei setswedding party leiswedding bouquetscorsages & boutonniereswedding haku leis and hair clipstropical accentswedding leis for womenwedding leis for menhindu wedding leis 
 


graduation leis

all graduation leismost popular graduation leisgraduation lei setsschool color leismoney leislarge bulk graduation leis 
 


mother's day leisbaby shower leisfuneral & memorial leisvalentine's daypromleis for blessingsluau leiscorporate & large events 


 
 

graduation leis





all graduation leis 
 




most popular graduation leis 


graduation lei sets 


school color leis 
 




money leis 


large bulk graduation leis 
 

haku lei





all hair products 
 




artificial flower hair clips & haku 


haku leis (flower crowns) 


fresh flower hair pieces 
 

gifts





all gifts 
 




hawaiian accessories 


snacks and chocolate 


hawaiian bath & body 


gift sets & baskets 


greeting cards 
 

hawaiian flowers





all flowers 
 




loose orchids 


lei making kits 


cut flower bouquets 


greenery 
 

saleshipping

shipping informationfresh, on-time guaranteerates & timesfaqs
more

all lei resourceslei historyhow to make a leilei making methodswedding lei traditionhow to take care of your leilocal pickup directions
contact us

customer supportour companycareersmy account
 









select page


  
 



 



 















hawaiian leis shipped fast & fresh nationwide authentic leis directly from hawaii
shop now








pre-order graduation leisschool color leis  •  money leislarge bulk order savings
shop now








celebrate your love with hawaiian wedding leiswedding party leis  •  bouquetscorsages  •  flower crowns
shop now











































exclusive leicooler





fastest deliverylowest rates





locally owned& operated





earn ohanarewards













embrace life’s moments with hawaiian leis and flowers!
at hawaii flower lei, we believe in the power and significance of hawaiian leis. they embody a connection steeped in love and joy, enriching life’s most significant milestones. hawaiian flowers are on display in all their glory with each unique lei. graduation leis and wedding leis, add beautiful meaning to these important life events. we have deep reverence for this iconic symbol of aloha. our dedication to this treasured tradition is evident in every aspect of our service. from our exclusive lei cooler to meticulous packaging and fast, dependable shipping, we ensure your hawaiian leis arrive fresh and stunning every time.








top sellers
shop our best sellers and earn loyalty points with each order of our exquisite hawaiian flowers and leis. join us now in celebrating life’s moments with the timeless beauty of leis!


haku lei (flower crown)rated 5.00 out of 5
$65.00


maile-style ti leaf leirated 5.00 out of 5
$60.00


double orchid lei – tri color faderated 5.00 out of 5
$55.00


single strand orchid lei – purplerated 5.00 out of 5
$16.00


ti leaf leirated 5.00 out of 5
$18.00


single strand orchid lei – whiterated 5.00 out of 5
$22.00


single strand tuberose & orchids leirated 5.00 out of 5
$23.00


kukui nut leirated 5.00 out of 5
$16.00


double tuberose & rosebud leirated 5.00 out of 5
$65.00











hawaiian leis for every occasion
leis are more than just flowers, they are a beautiful embodiment of our intentions. whether you’re exchanging wedding leis in an intimate ceremony, or celebrating big with graduation leis piled as high as your chin, hawaiian leis just make everything sweeter. and hawaii flower lei has the perfect hawaiian flowers for your special event.






graduations


weddings


mother’s day


prom


luau


corporate & large events


















guaranteed on-time delivery
plan ahead with confidence knowing your hawaiian leis will arrive precisely when you need them, anywhere across the country. our commitment to the safe and swift transport of these precious hawaiian flowers is unwavering. that’s why we exclusively offer priority overnight shipping, ensuring your leis spend minimal time in transit.
shipping information











haku leis
the haku lei, often worn on the head as a crown, is the most traditional of all hawaiian leis. on a backing of ti leaf or raffia, greenery and hawaiian flowers are added one by one, forming a gorgeous crown, often worn for very special celebrations. in fact, it’s one of the most popular graduation leis and a favorite wedding lei worn by the bride.
shop haku leis







expert support for your hawaiian flowers and leis
ordering hawaiian leis and flowers is a distinctive experience and we’re here to make it seamless. hawaii flower lei’s dedicated local customer service team is available to assist you seven days a week, ready to provide guidance and address any inquiries you may have. as hawaii’s foremost online hawaiian lei company, we guarantee that your order receives meticulous attention from start to finish.
faqs







 












sign up for email and get 15% off*





email*


  















*valid for first-time customers only & applies to regularly priced items only.
 












customer support
shipping
our company
careers
my account
bulk orders






check out hawaii flower lei on yelp 







followfollowfollowfollowfollowfollowfollowfollowfollowfollowfollowfollow



© 2024 hawaii flower lei | all rights reserved. privacy | sitemap



 


 
 
 



 






























































 

















