














closet therapy














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






closet therapy



the frenetic blog of an ex-jane blogger, avid-barney's shopper and all-around shopaholic.












tuesday, february 21










announcement!i've moved!http://www.closettherapyblog.complease use and bookmark the new url... i will no longer be updating on this site!*ps if the link isn't working, try typing www.closettherapyblog.com into a new browser. i'm having domain issues again :( let me know if still not working!!*edit again: augh! still having issues. site might be spotty the next couple of days... i apologize!





posted by

sheena



at

5:48 pm






























launch update





thank you for all your input!along with the launch of the new design, new url address... i will also have one more surprise. unfortunately i cannot announce it until later... but i can't wait!meanwhile when the new site is up there will be at least 1 new post a day which will give me flexibility to post more about everyday things, fashion on a budget, and all of the other things you all love! i will add outfit pictures to the "wearing today" as well as keep all of your other suggestions in mind.i will post the new url later today as soon as it is up! :) :)*edit: the "domain people" are taking longer than normal to get my site up and running. :( (seriously, i bought the domain on www.domainpeople.com) but they promise to get it up and running by tonight so we'll see. :(





posted by

sheena



at

3:03 pm




























older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






blog archive





february (16)
      

january (18)
      

december (9)
      

november (15)
      

october (22)
      

september (18)
      

august (10)
      

july (13)
      

june (13)
      

may (12)
      

april (11)
      

march (16)
      

february (5)
      

january (12)
      

december (5)
      

november (14)
      

october (6)
      

september (13)
      

august (12)
      

july (15)
      








 










