












obm.com


































skip to main navigation
skip to content




markets

new yorklos angeleschicagophiladelphiadallashoustonatlantasee all
real estatecities & community#obmartsteamcareersin the newsike smart city 










 


 

now live - 36 s charles st, baltimore   

learn more about ​"this is the thing they call life"​ by internationally acclaimed artist sarah cain — a monumental new work of public art commissioned by obm.   





click here to learn more about the sunset spectacular   














our mission
we pioneer landmark media and smart city technology to improve lives in cities.
since our founding in 2004, orange barrel media has been creating value for advertisers, municipal clients, and the cities they serve by designing and operating iconic out-of-home media that adds to the character of urban places.


key to our success has been our commitment to providing public benefit through a balance of art, community content, and commercial messaging.



markets







 new york



 los angeles



 chicago



 philadelphia



 dallas



 houston



 atlanta



 boston



 washington, dc



see all markets


our team
we’re fun.
we’re driven.
we’re passionate.
obm is widely known as a place where people are inspired to achieve success, genuinely like each other, and have endless opportunities to grow. our vertically integrated team has decades of collective experience in all areas required to deliver the best possible platform, including:
land use • zoning • design • architecture • engineering • construction management • media sales • operations • marketing & creative • content management






 pete scantlandchief executive officer



 danielle williamsonvice president of sales



 jibran shermohammedvice president of development & corporate counsel



 alex compstonchief financial officer



 corey favorsenior director of community engagement



 adam borchers, cpachief operating officer



 graham conzettdirector of technology



 yumna siddiqisenior director of architecture



 adam zantopulosdirector of operations



 stacy liangsenior sales director, west



 chris baughmanvice president of local sales



 daejah alexanderdevelopment manager




see all team






west coast office: 9165 sunset blvd.
west hollywood, ca 90069 

midwest office: 250 north hartford ave.
columbus, oh 43222 

east coast office: 678 broadway, 5th floor
new york, ny 10012 
 
contact us
careers

salesinquiry@obm.com
development@obm.com
publicbenefit@obm.com


© 2025 orange barrel media














