




open.communication.blog
























    
	open.communication.blog
	
  
blogs and social networking software are enabling all content to be public. journalism should embrace this, and the act of publishing pushes the "former audience" as dan gillmor says towards the realm of publishing. this decade 'journalism' is the online paradigm.

richard koman::rkoman(at)gmail(dot)com



thursday, january 27, 2005




	 download skype for mac os x
    



download skype for mac os x yay!



posted by richard koman @ 1:11 am  

        









	 download skype for mac os x
    



download skype for mac os x yay!



posted by richard koman @ 12:42 am  

        





wednesday, january 26, 2005




	 tom paine as blogger
    



usatoday has this op-ed piece today that says, "chill out, blogging's just another case of new technology providing new ways of communication. point taken, but it's more interesting as a slap-down by the media than for its historical perspective, imo.



posted by richard koman @ 11:32 pm  

        





tuesday, january 25, 2005




	 who wants yesterday's papers?
    



dan gillmor asks why newspapers lock up their archives. he makes the point that there may be more financial gain to contextual advertising on open archives than pay-per-view access. more important, as simon waldman pointed out a few weeks back: "permanence is about ensuring you have a real presence on the net. it is a critical part of having a distinctive identity in an increasingly homogenous landscape. it is about becoming an authority and a point of reference for debate. it is about everything we want and need to be. without permanence you slip off the search engines. without permanence, bold ideas like "news as conversation" fall away, because you're shutting down the conversation before it has barely started. without permanence, you might be on the web, but you're certainly not part of it. "here's another example. think of all the millions of words written by news organizations around the world about abu ghraib during 2004. now go to google and search (as suggested in the wired article above) for abu ghraib, and you will find only a handful of traditional media outlets mentioned in the first few pages (fortunately, the guardian is one). this isn't just a quirk in google's search algorithm; this is about traditional media ceding responsibility for providing the definitive, permanent record of major events." dan says: "one of these days, a newspaper currently charging a premium for access to its article archives will do something bold: it will open the archives to the public -- free of charge but with keyword-based advertising at the margins. "i predict that the result will pleasantly surprise the bean-counters. there'll be a huge increase in traffic at first, once people realize they can read their local history without paying a fee. eventually, though not instantly, the revenues will greatly exceed what the paper had been earning under the old system. meanwhile, the expenses to run it will drop. "and, perhaps most important, the newspaper will have boosted its long-term place in the community. it will be seen, more than ever, as the authoritative place to go for some kinds of news and information -- because it will have become an information bedrock in this too-transient culture." dan links to jay rosen's post about the blogging and journalism conference, wherein he says that open archives are the key issue to watch: "for those who wonder whether big journalism can change itself and get with the more open language of the web, the key issue to watch--the signal for a big switch in philosophy--is the archive policy. my suggestion: open archive, permanent url's, free public access, make your money off smart advertising keyed to search, plus added-value services that make sophisticated use of the data in the archive, which you know better than anyone else because you own it and create it. weinberger: "jay calls upon journalists to demand this." "in fact i do. but not just to demand it-- get involved in trying to figure this thing out so that the open archive pays for itself, or even makes money." 



posted by richard koman @ 11:35 pm  

        









	 nyt permalinks
    



dave winer explains that using  rss feeds to link to nyt articles will result in non-decaying permalinks -- for blogs only!



posted by richard koman @ 10:53 pm  

        





thursday, january 20, 2005



	 coffins
    


    coffins   originally uploaded by drewish. 1/20/05, citizen-photojournalists have uploaded 116 photos of the inauguration and protests to flickr. search for tag "inauguration" or check out drewish's photostream.



posted by richard koman @ 5:39 pm  

        





wednesday, january 19, 2005




	 morph: explode the newsroom: six ways to rebuild the system
    



morph: explode the newsroom: six ways to rebuild the system great post yesterday from tim porter, who says, among other things, make the newspaper the tip and the website the iceberg.



posted by richard koman @ 11:54 pm  

        









	 morph: citizens journalism, santa fe style
    



morph: citizens journalism, santa fe style stefan dill, web editor of the santa fe new mexican, on their progress at town square website:  "one of our nicest pieces of participatory work has been “mothers uncensored." "it developed as a result of a story in the print edition on a local store putting wrappers on an issue of "mothering" magazine, the cover of which featured a photo of a mother breastfeeding her baby. the outpouring of protests via the commenting system that a store would cover up something so natural was huge, and may have had a part to play in the store reversing its decision. the vp of the company announced the reversal on the forum, in fact. "to give the readers another medium of voice, i put out a call for all moms to send us photos, of whatever comfort level they wished. what was to be a simple photo gallery blossomed into some 25 or 30 submissions from around the country and around the world, many who shared very personal and detailed stories of breastfeeding difficulties and triumphs. other moms who’ve run across the section feel it to be a great source of empathy and support. "all in all, it’s been a slow, steady, intense building of community involvement - one we're proud of, and looking forward to doing more. it's only the beginning!" this is really encouraging work.



posted by richard koman @ 11:47 pm  

        









	 harvard student finds lawyer to defend apple suit | cnet news.com
    



harvard student finds lawyer to defend apple suit | cnet news.com: so this is a promising sign that nick deplume has a lawyer. apple's suit against a blogger/journalist is a clear attempt to stifle reporting and protect their trade secrets. thinksecret surely has a first amendment right to publish news, regardless of whether the source may be violating an employment agreement. i agree with commentators who think apple would never have sued say the mercury news, if they had run with the story. in any case, the rumors were true, and publishing the truth can never be an actionable sin, or can it?



posted by richard koman @ 11:14 pm  

        









	 open park - 2005 inauguration blog
    



open park - 2005 inauguration blog happy to see this, a nonprofit in dc setting wifi hotspots on the mall during tomorrow's inauguration. bloggers may well provide the only true picture of the alternative anti-inauguration ceremonies. stay tuned to blogland, if not the networks.



posted by richard koman @ 11:07 pm  

        





tuesday, january 18, 2005



	 falluja-destruction-
    


    falluja-destruction-   originally uploaded by tjrsfca. found on flickr. poster says "found on the blog of an embedded reporter" during fallujah battle.



posted by richard koman @ 9:41 pm  

        









	 the new york times > college > cbs news draws ire of bloggers
    



the new york times : cbs news draws ire of bloggers nyt reports almost exclusively from the blogs that cbs turned on encryption on their pdf a few days after initially releasing an unencrypted version of the national guard debacle report.



posted by richard koman @ 9:20 pm  

        








	 posted from flickr
    


    lososos31   originally uploaded by richard koman. so this is a photo of my niece gigi and her dad ernie, kayaking in morro bay, ca.



posted by richard koman @ 9:15 pm  

        









	 flickr: articles, mentions & accolades
    



flickr: articles, mentions & accolades: 



posted by richard koman @ 9:12 pm  

        









	 next generation web services: flickr (by jeremy zawodny)
    



next generation web services: flickr (by jeremy zawodny) great thread here on flickr as a next gen web service, including comments from stewart. jeremy zawodny of yahoo notes that flickr:        * does one thing and does it well    * provides a clean and simple ui    * has clear and helpful documentation    * exposes core functionality with a documented api    * account sign up is brain-dead simple    * makes extensive and intuitive use of rss    * like del.icio.us, uses tags to help organize    * doens't spam me with graphical/animated/flash ads or try to unexpectedly pop up any sort of window in the comments, stewart says: as evidenced (hopefully) by the open apis and rss (which, when you think about it, is continuous partial export) we have no problems with providing ways for people to get their photos and metadata out. we don't now, but will be providing downloadable versions as well as cd/dvd backups at some point, once we are out of beta (this is an actual beta, not a friendster 'beta'). and justin is right - flickr basically sucked when it first came out. we made lots of mistakes, but we made them fast :) on the business model, he says: "it's pretty simple: 1) ads to cover the costs of the free users (who are limited in the amount they can upload each month and in a few other ways) and 2) subscription fees (for (almost) unlimited uploads, storage, bandwidth and some extra features)." 



posted by richard koman @ 9:11 pm  

        









	 cbs "restoring credibility"?
    



reliable sources: cbs vp of standards linda mason, along with many others, appeared on cnn's reliable sources sunday (1/16), and said:  "kurtz: why have reporters not been allowed this week, since this report came out, to talk to either dan rather or andrew heyward? it kind of gives the impression cbs is still in damage control mode? mason: cbs is looking to the future. and both andrew and dan were part of this report, so there was a decision made not to have them speak since they were participants. kurtz: i don't quite understand that. i mean, why won't they be allowed to defend themselves, to offer their views? here is cbs saying it wants to learn the lessons here, and yet your own news division president, who's not shy about talking to reporters, nor is dan rather, are being kept under wraps? i guess i don't get it. mason: i don't think they're being kept under wraps. they have chosen not to talk at this point. the panel and the report kind of makes it all clear, what happened, and where we're going from here. "  it's has also come out in the last few days that cbs was worried about right-wing blogs changing the document of the investigative report, so they changed the version available on the website so that copying and editing are disabled. a small sign of an organization protecting its ass rather than joining the forces demanding transparency. as ernest miller says in a comment on pressthink, not allowing bloggers to easily cut and paste pieces of the report speaks to a continued disdain for the medium of "guys in pajamas."   



posted by richard koman @ 12:32 pm  

        









	 open source journalism
    



open source journalism journalism



posted by richard koman @ 9:00 am  

        





monday, january 17, 2005




	 charts & tables index
    



charts & tables indexall the data you want to know about msm



posted by richard koman @ 4:44 am  

        













about me

name:  richard koman 
location:  sebastopol, ca, united states 
introduces the ashtanga yoga primary series on sundays at 11:00 at yoga studio ganesha on the sebastopol plaza. 
view my complete profile



previous posts

download skype for mac os x
download skype for mac os x
tom paine as blogger
who wants yesterday's papers?
nyt permalinks
coffins
morph: explode the newsroom: six ways to rebuild t...
morph: citizens journalism, santa fe style
harvard student finds lawyer to defend apple suit ...
open park - 2005 inauguration blog

my articles



archives

december 2004
january 2005









 






