















































skip to content



 












    menu	
home
weekly bulletin
about us  

purpose and vision
history
image galleries


safe sanctuary
staff
services
ministries  

leadership
administrative services
education council
ministries for adults
children’s ministries
young adult ministries
youth ministries
music and worship


life development opportunities
livestream video library
give online
resources  

life development virtual classroom participation registration
event reservation request
table and display request
bulletin request
detailed ministry event/activity expense request
copy request
salem vision in action committee form
salem newsletters


we are hiring
contact us

  scroll down to content












home 

 


 



 
click here for a message from pastor selwyn q. bachus

 








































 

click here for additional covid-19 information
and for covid-19 vaccination clinic locations



upcoming livestream
 


 





for updates and announcements


click here to stay connected to salem

 

in advance, the salem baptist church thanks you for your generosity. you extend the worship experience by giving your donation or your tithe and offering.  your giving assists salem in discipleship, reaching the lost, and empowering our partnerships in our local and global communities!


 


 
2024 is “the year of replenishing, jeremiah 31:25-26″! salem baptist church is transforming lives by exalting the savior, evangelizing the lost, equipping the saints and expanding the kingdom of god!
 
rejuvenation, rededication, and renewal
 
 
this website is designed to minister to your needs by providing you with up-to-date information, resources, and media available at our church. go ahead and browse the site and see what god is doing in the life of salem. god bless you and your family and remember that salem baptist church is always open to you and your family.
the salem baptist church is transforming lives by exalting the savior, evangelizing the lost, equipping the saints and expanding the kingdom of god. (matthew 22:36-40; matthew 28:18-20)

 

 
 





search


search for:


  search

resourcesclick the image to enlarge it






sign up now for email updates
enter your email address below.






weekly bulletin
salem's podcast






home
about us
services
ministries
staff
resources
events
contact us
site map
 

 2024 salem baptist church. all rights reserved.

 



		proudly powered by wordpress	















































































































































































































