















lewiston, id | official website








 















skip to main content




















lead free lewiston 


	lead and copper rule information
	what you need to know...








create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    how do i...      government      community      business      visitors  


 

 

 

 

 





 



  
 












search







 
 
 



  
 




 
 
 
 
 

 














facebook








instagram








youtube










 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 

 















you don't want to miss this! 


join the 2025 citizen police academy! gain a behind-the-scenes look at law enforcement, learn crime prevention, and connect with local officers. this is your chance to get involved and make a difference in your community. apply today!			check it out...







lead the future of parks & recreation! 


we’re seeking a dedicated and dynamic parks and recreation director to lead the city’s efforts in enhancing services and creating positive change. if you're a driven professional passionate about parks, recreation, and community engagement, apply today!			learn more and apply today...







new in lewiston 


discover new businesses in town from december’s monthly report! plus, don’t miss this season’s living lewiston magazine, featuring an inspiring story about two local business owners providing life-changing services to those experiencing medical hair loss.			additional info...







share your thoughts on lewiston's transportation! 


the city of lewiston invites you to review and provide feedback on the draft 2025 transportation capital improvement plan (cip).						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 








 



















  
 
 











 





 city
 parks & recreation
 library




 city











feb
17	


presidents' day
			city offices will be closed.		
presidents' daylearn more






feb
18	


lewiston comprehensive plan work plan development committee

lewiston comprehensive plan work plan development committeelearn more






feb
19	


public works advisory commission

public works advisory commissionlearn more



parks & recreation commission meeting

parks & recreation commission meetinglearn more



library board of trustees meeting

library board of trustees meetinglearn more






feb
20	


lewiston city library art committee meeting

lewiston city library art committee meetinglearn more






feb
24	


city council special meeting

city council special meetinglearn more



city council regular meeting

city council regular meetinglearn more




view all




/calendar.aspx





 parks & recreation







 library











feb
17	


library closed
			the library will be closed for the holiday.		
library closedlearn more






feb
18	


library on the go
			outfitted with hundreds of books, our library on the go connects readers of all ages to materials th...		
library on the golearn more






feb
19	


library on the go
			outfitted with hundreds of books, our library on the go connects readers of all ages to materials th...		
library on the golearn more



wiggles & giggles
			stories, songs, and dance will be the highlight of the day for kiddos and their caregivers at wiggle...		
wiggles & giggleslearn more






feb
20	


schooling from home book study: code name kingfisher by liz kessler
			travel back to wwii era holland and follow sisters mila and hannie as they join the dutch resistance...		
schooling from home book study: code name kingfisher by liz kesslerlearn more






feb
22	


saturday stay & play
			this program is intended to encourage open-ended play for young children and their grownups. we will...		
saturday stay & playlearn more



library on the go (hereth park)
			outfitted with hundreds of books, our library on the go connects readers of all ages to materials th...		
library on the go (hereth park)learn more



cougars on the cliff with maurice hornocker & david johnson
			meet maurice and david and learn about his revolutionary study, experiences in the back country and ...		
cougars on the cliff with maurice hornocker & david johnsonlearn more



saturday strategic moves chess club
			players of all levels are welcome to join us at strategic moves chess club. bring a friend and spend...		
saturday strategic moves chess clublearn more




view all




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 














pay onlinemake utility payments from the comfort of your own home. view details








careersbring your experience and skills to a thriving team.view details








agendas & minutesview past and recent meeting information from local boards and commissions.view details










 
 














connect with the city & view live meetingssend us your comments, questions, concerns and view the city's livestream.view details








city magazine & program guidethis publication includes the city program guide and a variety of special interest articles. view details








subscribesign up for the latest information and updates sent right to your inbox or phone.view details










 
 
 



 








 
















 






  
 







contact us







	city hall
1134 f street
lewiston, id 83501

phone: 208-746-3671


 






  
 







quick links







calendar of events



employment opportunities



frequently asked questions (faq)



public records request



live & recorded meetings



employee self service (ess)









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 














home







site map







contact us







accessibility







copyright notices













/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









