

































































dothan eagle | breaking news | | read dothan, al and alabama breaking news. get latest news, events and information on alabama sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















62°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



alabama



auburn



troy university



professional



other




lifestyles


events calendar



arts and theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections




our properties


enterprise ledger



eufaula tribune




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



memory plaques



al public notices



fl public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage dothan subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









62°
partly cloudy
























        
        
            how auburn overcame adversity during big win at alabama

at one point, the tigers led by 14, but alabama ripped off a 20-6 run to tie the game, so how did auburn respond?

















        
        
            fields has career night as troy beats arkansas state to move into first place tie

fields scored a career-high 20 points and knocked down five three pointers to help troy overcome a slow offensive start and move into a four-way tie for first place.

















        
        
            three enterprise girls wrestlers repeat as state champions

evelyn holmes-smith, mallory ladd and mackenzie schultz all won state wrestling championship in girls ahsaa class 6a-7a on saturday in huntsville.

















        
        
            enterprise's kameron stiffler, grier hunt repeat as wrestling state champions

with their state championship matches on the line, enterprise senior wrestlers kameron stiffler and grier hunt said they thought of those who supported them during their career. 

















        
        
            northside methodist girls wrestler shanyue tan finishes third at state meet

northside methodist's shanyue tan earned the third-place finish with a pin fall with one second left in the first period over east limestone’s hannah mayo.

















        
        
            johni broome scores 19 points as no. 1 auburn holds off in-state rival and no. 2 alabama 94-85

before fouling out, baker-mazara scored consecutive baskets to give the tigers the lead for good with about six minutes to play.

















        
        
            tickets for 'funny girl' on sale

here's how to get tickets for the dale county/ozark city high schools upcoming production of "funny girl':










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            cottonwood edges houston academy plus other baseball recaps


















        
        
            enterprise's kameron stiffler, grier hunt repeat as wrestling state champions


















        
        
            northside methodist girls wrestler shanyue tan finishes third at state meet















                
                the latest



















        
        
            watch: high school students introduced to new careers during southeast wow



















        
        
            after shooting her 4 kids, wyoming mom called 911

a gofundme account for cliff harshman, the father, had topped $44,000 by tuesday afternoon.












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.





















        
        
            watch: dothan softball and baseball fields get new bleachers with grass











                
                interact with us


















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 




















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            watch: enterprise takes on auburn in central regional girls basketball tournament




















        
        
            watch: dothan takes on central-phenix city in central regional girls basketball tournament




















        
        
            watch: enterprise takes on auburn in central regional boys basketball tournament












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            headland softball wins two saturday games at lions classic plus other softball recaps

headland wins two at prattville tournament 




















        
        
            cottonwood edges houston academy plus other baseball recaps

cottonwood scored two runs in the top of the sixth inning to break a 1-1 tie and take a 3-1 win over houston academy on saturday at northcutt field and giving the bears a season-opening win. 




















        
        
            enterprise boys, girls get wins; dothan falls in pk shootout

the enterprise boys won 3-0 and the girls won 4-1 over fort payne.




















        
        
            troy signee richardson, lbw signee boutwell power enterprise plus other baseball recaps

brady richardson and cayden boutwell combined on five hits, including a homer each, and eight runs batted in to power enterprise over pike road.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?




















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            sowing innovation: how a ninth-grader and hudsonalpha are transforming the peanut industry

content by hudsonalpha. tackling complex global challenges through lab work, data analysis and critical thinking might seem daunting, but high school students like harrison carter are embracing the opportunity.












contributor








        
        
            show you care this christmas with these 16 top gifts for your bros

contributor content. find the perfects christmas gifts for you bros with this helpful guide. 












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            impressive collison center



                                        312 s randolph ave, eufaula, al 36027
                                    






















        
        
            larry moore (political)



                                        5046 peanut road, graceville, fl 32440
                                    






















        
        
            shoe station (red sq agency-oan)



                                        720 executive park dr, mobile, al 36602
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















ads





        
        
            superior craftsman
























ads





        
        
            t&t lawn service llc







































×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


enterprise ledger

eufaula tribune

amplified digital agency

get healthy

physicians directory




services


manage subscription

contact us

contests

legal notices

newsletter signup

work here

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        dothan eagle, 2999 ross clark circle, suite 300 dothan, al 36301
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























