























        
    contact us | customer service & help topics | allina health

        
    










































































contact us


get help with billing, medical records and more.



allina health headquarters
1-888-425-5462


street address

                            the commons at
                            midtown exchange
                            2925 chicago ave
                            minneapolis, mn 55407
                            get directions



mailing address

                            allina health system
                            po box 43
                            minneapolis, mn
                            55440-0043
                        










about allina health


billing questions


account questions


patient care help


health records







about allina health



                                        at allina health, we believe in treating people—not patients. that means our care is built around relationships that help us care for the whole you—to help you get back to what matters most.
                                    


about us
research
careers


donate
volunteer
community support


newsroom (press releases)
featured news
awards and recognition






billing questions



612-262-9000




                                                toll free
                                                1-800-859-5077
                                                email us via our billing contact form



hours



monday—thursday
8 a.m.—4:30 p.m.


friday
9 a.m.—4:30 p.m.






pay your bill
financial assistance
medcredit form
more billing info





account questions



                                        for technical support with your account
                                    

1-866-301-6698




allina health account help



hours



7 days a week
6:30 a.m.—9 p.m.






benefits of an account
frequently asked questions
sign in





patient care help



call 1-888-425-5462



patient care
allina health expects all staff members to follow the allina health code of conduct part of which states:

patients are at the center of everything i do.
i treat everyone who entrusts us with his or her care with dignity and respect.
i respect the privacy of patients and families.
i keep the patient care environment safe.
i manage resources wisely for the benefit of our patients.

if you feel we have not lived up to these commitments, we encourage you to contact us.
if you're a clinic patient, please speak with the clinic manager. look up your clinic phone number and when you call, ask to speak to the clinic manager.
hospital contacts
if you're a hospital patient and have a concern or comment, please speak with the patient representative at your hospital.

abbott northwestern hospital
allina health faribault medical center
allina health united hospital – hastings regina campus
buffalo hospital
cambridge medical center
mercy hospital
mercy hospital – unity campus
new ulm medical center
owatonna hospital
phillips eye institute
river falls area hospital
st. francis regional medical center
united hospital

you also have the option to contact the joint commission with a hospital concern via their patient safety event online form or by emailing the joint commission. learn more on the joint commission's report a patient safety event page.


integrity line
if you are uncomfortable calling your clinic or hospital, you may contact the integrity line by:

calling 1-800-472-9301
submitting a secure web report

callers and web reports can remain anonymous. calls and web reports are not traced or recorded.
to follow up on a web report, you must have your assigned report number.
what is the integrity line and what does it do?
the integrity line is a confidential, 24-hour service that can help address concerns about ethical conduct. compliance line, a neutral third party, operates the service on behalf of allina health. view complianceline privacy policy.
after receiving a call or web report, the integrity line reports the concern to the allina health corporate compliance department for appropriate follow-up and resolution.


fraud prevention
how do you prevent fraud among your employees and contractors?
we provide detailed information to our employees, contractors and agents regarding federal and state false claims laws, penalties, and non-retaliation protections. we also make sure they know about the allina health compliance program and its policies for detecting and preventing fraud, waste and abuse.
all allina health employees must take annual compliance education. compliance education is also required for our credentialed providers, vendors, and other workforce members. requirements include the need to satisfy all federal and state mandated compliance education requirements.
to learn more, access the centers for medicare and medicaid services' education about fraud, waste and abuse detection and prevention at learner.mlnlms.com.
policy: compliance program
false claims act



patient privacy
patient rights and responsibilities





health records



612-262-2300



you have the right to see information in your health record. your health record includes your medical history, health insurance information and how to contact you. download the portions of your health record (mychart) that are available in your allina health account.
birth certificates
hospitals do not keep copies of birth certificates. in minnesota, the state office of vital records has information on how to get a copy of a birth certificate. in wisconsin, the wisconsin department of health services has information on how to get a copy of a birth certificate.


request using your allina health account
use your free allina health account to submit an electronic request to send a full copy of your health record to:

yourself, using the patient access request for health information form
someone other than yourself, using the request to release and disclose patient information

with your allina health account you always have immediate access to select information in your health record including clinic visit summaries and notes, hospital discharge summaries, medicines, test results, immunizations and more. there is no need to submit a request, just sign in to your account.


request using paper forms
complete and send the appropriate paper form to request and send a copy of your health record to

yourself, using the patient access request for health information form
someone other than yourself, using the request to release and disclose patient information




electronic health records



















