 












home - ilads































































 

















skip to content











ilads











iladef















 
donate nowmember loginjoin iladsprovider searchilads storelogout































































 
about mission & goals ilads board of directors ilads past presidents get involved statement on guidelines contact usphysicians & members join ilads fellowship program volunteer opportunities career center member loginpatients provider search send info to a physician treatment guidelines social security disability benefitsevents ilads events 2025 ilads european conference conference updates past conference videos past event highlights 2024 annual conference 2023 annual conference in boston ilads fundamentals at hershey microbiome  virtual conference 2022 annual conference 2021 annual conference 2020 annual conference 2019 boston highlights 2019 san francisco highlights 2019 madrid highlights 2018 chicago highlightseducation online courses/training lyme fundamentals physician training program unity in lymeresources controversies and challenges lyme disease basics for providers leading research lyme disease 101 journal of spirochetal and tick-borne diseases videos brochurespress & media press kit ilads/iladef blog ilads in the newsadvertising mailing list rentals



















 




×
about mission & goals ilads board of directors ilads past presidents get involved statement on guidelines contact usphysicians & members join ilads fellowship program volunteer opportunities career center member loginpatients provider search send info to a physician treatment guidelines social security disability benefitsevents ilads events 2025 ilads european conference conference updates past conference videos past event highlights 2024 annual conference 2023 annual conference in boston ilads fundamentals at hershey microbiome  virtual conference 2022 annual conference 2021 annual conference 2020 annual conference 2019 boston highlights 2019 san francisco highlights 2019 madrid highlights 2018 chicago highlightseducation online courses/training lyme fundamentals physician training program unity in lymeresources controversies and challenges lyme disease basics for providers leading research lyme disease 101 journal of spirochetal and tick-borne diseases videos brochurespress & media press kit ilads/iladef blog ilads in the newsadvertising mailing list rentals















































ilads






























join us may 1-3 in lisbon for the 2025 ilads european scientific conference








learn more






































meet iladef






did you know ilads has a sister organization? want to support ilads? you can…through iladef.







support iladef today




























membership






ilads is the leading medical society devoted to the treatment of lyme and associated diseases. join today!







learn more





























upcoming events








webinars
2025 european scientific conference
2025 annual scientific conference








learn more
























evidence and research-based lyme treatment recommendations





view guidelines






















change lives and change futures this lyme disease awareness month with ilads and our 501c3 sister-organization, iladef. ilads has been breaking barriers and building bridges in the lyme disease community for 25 years. help us to further our critical work by supporting iladef with a gift, today.
meet iladef: the international lyme and associated diseases educational foundation, a designated 501(c)(3), is a sister organization of ilads. its missions are to train physicians in the diagnosis and treatment of lyme and tick-borne disease, and to support research scientists investigating tick-borne diseases.
help ilads break barriers and build bridges in the lyme disease community for another 25 years. support iladef today!



















tools and resources














provider search 
are you looking for a knowledgeable lyme doctor close to home? share your location with us and we’ll send you a list of ilads members in your area.
find > 
















member resources 
explore the many exclusive resources — including community support, physician training programs, and access to research — available to ilads members.
join > 


















ilads store 
ready to register for a conference, or download media from a conference you missed? this is your one-stop-shop for all things ilads.
shop > 
















donate 
change lives and change futures this holiday season with iladef,  a 501c3 nonprofit, in support of our sister-organization, ilads. help us gift hope as we embark on a journey of positive impact. together, we can address lyme and  complex disease.
gift hope, donate now > 













 
















about ilads






ilads is a nonprofit, international, multi-disciplinary medical society, dedicated to the diagnosis and appropriate treatment of lyme and its associated diseases. ilads promotes understanding of lyme through research and education and strongly supports physicians and other health care professionals dedicated to advancing the standard of care for lyme and its associated diseases.
please review our privacy policy to learn more about how ilads and iladef use any information you provide about yourself. you can manage your cookie settings here.

accessibility statement.






copyright © 2025 ilads









contact ilads






2 wisconsin circle, suite 700
 chevy chase, md 20815-7007
p 301.263.1080
e contact@ilads.org

























connect with ilads






























 




manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept cookies
functional only
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage cookie consent

























