






saint augustine's university












































































































 































apply
give today
alumni
parents
faculty & staff
store
events
newsletter
 













welcome





forgot password?
not a member? join today
 




  














  about sau  

sau at a glance
sau & raleigh
strategic plan
university leadership
history
faculty & staff directory
campus safety
sau & the episcopal church
offices & departments
consumer information
university compliance
title ix


academics  

programs
professional studies & services
certification/non-credit course
student portal
library
academic calendar
registrar
university catalog
accreditation


admissions & financial aid  

apply
admissions
financial aid and scholarships
registration
open house
recruitment viewbook
tuition and fees
veterans affairs


students  

student services
student accounts
student portal
self-service tutorials
library
commencement
parents
email
brightspace
reset sau email password


athletics
giving
news





































professional studies & enterprise services
offering certification and non-credit courses
learn more →























text to give | 919.373.6799 
							learn more 
 


overflowing hope 
							
watch testimonials from our students, faculty, and staff. 
							learn more 
 


sau continues its work to keep accreditation with sacscoc  
							
read more 
learn more here 
 


get started in continuing education! 
							
apply here 
 


great things happen when you give 
							
give today 
 






registration is availableregister for summer and fall coursesregister here


the mission of saint augustine’s university is to sustain a learning community in which students can prepare academically, socially and spiritually for leadership in a complex, diverse and rapidly changing world.



top 50in social mobility


according to u.s. news & world report 2021 – 2022 ranking.



100%students awarded


scholarships or financial aid to complete their journey at sau.



12:1student-faculty ratio


sau faculty make teaching and mentoring their top priorities.



35different states


represented in our student population.








the generosity of alumni, the episcopal church, corporations, foundations and friends of the university keep sau and, most importantly, its students thriving. ensure the future of saugive todaygive here





discoverlearn what it means to soar.learn morevisitpicture yourself at sau.schedule a visitapplyyou've found your next. let's get started.apply nowwhat our students aredoing












ashley weekes
 ashley is a junior accounting major and member of the track and field team. this summer she is working as an intern with deloitte.













sean kalawan
 sean is a junior sport management major and on the track and field team. this summer he will work as an intern with lenovo.













naiylah archer 
naiylah archer is a senior film major. this summer, she worked as an executive intern for sony pictures entertainment.













peter musenge
peter is a junior biology major, chosen to participate in stanford exposure to research and graduate education (serge).

















louis lowndes
 louis received the opportunity to attend the national hbcu business deans roundtable hosted by deloitte university leadership center.













lauryn stubbs
 lauryn received the amazing opportunity to attend the national hbcu business deans roundtable hosted by deloitte university leadership center.













mckenzie estep
 mckenzie is a senior political science major and served as the 71st miss sau. this summer she is working as an intern with african american mayors assoc.













sinanzwayinkosi ndhlovu
 sinanzwayinkosi is a double major in engineering mathematics and computer information systems. this summer he will work as an intern with lenovo.




why i chose sau




﻿





﻿





﻿


what's happening at saunews january 24, 2025 dan hollysau’s academic programs recognized by national research companyrecent rankings from research.com show that saint augustine’s university (sau) read more  january 22, 2025 staugadminblack enterprise: 50 plus 1 sports will invest $70m to save sausetting the record straight sau timeline of events the southern association of read more  january 22, 2025 staugadminsau timeline of events: setting the record straightin recent months, a narrative has emerged from certain factions within the raleigh read more all newsevents


there are no upcoming events at this time.





sau strives to give students the most up to date information about coronavirus and how they can take preventative measures.
learn more →

















schoolsschool of arts, social sciences & communicationsexploreschool of business, management & technology exploreschool of education & general studiesexploreschool of public health and health sciencesexploreschool of graduate & professional gateway studiesexploreschool of science, mathematics & allied health exploredivision of military science - falcon battalion explorealso of interestdepartment of business administration at sauenroll in our certified medical assistant online courseuniversity financial aid and scholarships 


 

 




saint augustine’s university1315 oakwood avenue
raleigh, nc 27610-2298
919.516.4000







information for:alumni
faculty & staff
media
parents & guardians
visitors
quick linksapply
registration
employment
coronavirus information
commencement
request a transcript
saint augustine’s chapel
giving
strategic plan
student complaints
events
university compliance
policies and procedures
privacy statement
resourcescampus safety
student portal
employee portal
brightspace
office 365
campus store
faculty & staff directory
map
marketing service forms
the prezell r. robinson library
joseph g. gordon health center
space reservations
technology support
title ix
 






                            © copyright 2022 saint augustine's university                         
 
 

 

































































































