




rosewood furniture | oriental furniture | chinese furniture - direct









































   home 

   about us

   introduction

   about finesse

   conditions of sale

   legal & contractual

   delivery times

   testimonials



   contact us

   furniture oil

   uk sales

   worldwide sales



   colours

   silk colours

   wood colours

   carving styles

   handle styles



   lounge furniture

  altar tables

   bars 

   barstools

   cabinets

   cd/dvd racks

   chairs

   chaise longue

   coffee tables

   corner cabinets

   corner chairs

   curio cabinets

   display cabinets

   end / side tables

   hi fi cabinets

   magazine racks

   mahjong tables

   miscellaneous

   nest of tables

   plant / pot stands

   screens / dividers

   sofas

   stools

   tv cabinets

   tv & hi fi cabinets 

   wall units



   dining furniture

   altar cabinets

   bars

   barstools

   buffet cabinets

   cutlery cabinets

   dining chair cushions

   dining chairs

   dining tables / chairs

   display cabinets

   miscellaneous

   serving tables

   serving trolleys



   bedroom furniture

   altar tables

   beds /headboards

   bedside cabinets

   camphor chests

   chaise longue

   chest of drawers

   corner chairs

   dressing tables

   mirrors

   miscellaneous

   screens/dividers

   sofas

   stools

   wardrobes



   study furniture

   bookcases

   cabinets

   clocks

   corner chairs

   desks

   filing cabinets

   office chairs

   miscellaneous



   hallway furniture

   clocks

   hall tables

   mirrors

   miscellaneous

   plant / pot stands

   telephone tables



   search

   payments

   pay in gbp

   pay in us$



   used furniture
















 



rosewood furniture | oriental furniture | chinese furniture - direct from the factory to you !

after over 25 years of importing furniture for business resale - the government along with the eutr have decided we can no longer offer this service . this will be disappointing for all of the customers who have used us for their imported furniture in the past - as we used to include carriage by shipping containers to the uk. 

              the good news - we can now offer a direct service from the factory to you, but now there are freight costs which have to be met personally. you will now buy direct from the factory for personal imports - and we will ovesee the entire transaction for you - keeping you fully updated at all stages.( we earn a commission direct from the factory). 
                
              there is no problem for you to import for personal use  as confirmed by the uk govt -  click here 

              simply browse through our site and choose the product you like. complete the "delivered price" form or the "bespoke quotation form " on the product page ( if you want to make the furniture to your own specification ). we will then quote you direct from the factory. this is the best quality furniture - from a trusted supplier we have dealt with for 25 years. 
                    
 want a bespoke piece of furniture ? 
no problem - just let us know what you want and we can price it for you. we can modify wood colours, carving styles and all dimensions to make you the piece of furniture " that fits " your lifestyle - and all at low prices direct from the factory. we can also add mother of pearl inlay - so you have a total freedom of choice. whatever you choose - you can feel 100% confident you will be very pleased with the results.






so how does this work  ? 

 a simple 3 step process. you browse the website and when you find an item you like - click on the quote or bespoke form. we will submit a price to you direct from the factory to the uk - or indeed worldwide detailing all import taxes / freight. we can also price from the port to your door - let us know if you would like this. if you wish to proceed - we will ask the factory to send an invoice direct to you for payment . 

payment terms 
 
small items   full payment with order  

larger items  30% with order  / 70% once the furniture is ready to ship   

 the factory will send you a paypal invoice . you can pay the factory direct by credit card which gives you full protection ( but costs a little more ) or by bank transfer .the choice is yours - we will quote both options for you. 

                  you can also choose your wood colours / carvings / handles etc as required at this stage. your contract is directly with the factory - not with us apart from oil sales and cushion sets - which we invoice for directly . 

                    we will oversee the entire transaction for you - including fully liaising with the factory throughout the order up to the point of delivery.for this we are paid some commission direct by the factory ( this is how we have to work now ) before the goods are packed and sent - we will send photos for approval to you. 
   



so how will i know the furniture will be as expected ? 

                you place your order and make your payment . the factory will then hand build your furniture ( normal time is around 8 weeks for this - to build and apply the finish ). once made the factory will send us photographs - for approval which we will e mail to you. this will ensure you see exactly what your furniture looks like before it leaves. any queries can be addressed at this point ( even thought this has never happened in over 25 years of trade. once approved the factory will pack your furniture ( in foam / corrugated paper and then into a crate ) and the goods will be delivered to the port in china  

                we will then advise you of the vessels name which is carrying your furniture - loading and sailing dates - and eta. at this point the factory will send all documentation to you by airmail so you have it before the furniture arrives. included with this will be the "all risks insurance policy" . you will also be notified of your local shipping agent. they will contact you ahead of arrival to take payment of the port fees - vat etc . once this is paid and the furniture clears customs - you are free to collect  ( or if you would like a delivered price - our southampton based removals company will collect and deliver to your home and carry in ). 

can i trust you ?  
we have shipped containers of furniture to the uk for over 30 years now from this one supplier. we have a huge list of happy customers - please see our testimonials page  https://www.rosewoodfurniture.co.uk/rosewood-furniture-testimonials.asp 

                or to see some of our customers recent purchases 
https://www.rosewoodfurniture.co.uk/rosewood-furniture-intro.php 

                we have always used just the one factory as their products are of superb quality. we have a great trading relationship with them - and never had any problems. your credit card payment via paypal also gives you paypal protection.














  rosewood altar tables
 rosewood bars
 rosewood barstools 
 rosewood beds / headboards 
 rosewood bedside cabinets
 rosewood bespoke items
 rosewood bookcases
 rosewood buffet cabinets
 rosewood cabinets
 rosewood cd / dvd racks
 rosewood chairs 
 rosewood sofas
 rosewood chaise longue
 rosewood chest of drawers
 rosewood camphor chests
 rosewood clocks
 rosewood coffee tables
 rosewood corner chairs
 rosewood corner cabinets
 rosewood curio cabinets
 rosewood silk cushions
 rosewood cutlery cabinets
 rosewood desks
              rosewood dining chairs











 rosewood dining table sets
 rosewood display cabinets 
 rosewood office chairs 
 rosewood dressing tables 
 rosewood end / side tables
 rosewood hall tables 
 rosewood mahjong tables 
 rosewood hi fi cabinets
 rosewood tv hi fi cabinets
 rosewood filing cabinets
 rosewood serving tables 
 rosewood mirrors 
 rosewood miscellaneous items 
 rosewood nests of tables
 rosewood plant / pot stands
 rosewood screens
 rosewood stools
 rosewood telephone tables
 rosewood trolleys
 rosewood wall units 
 rosewood wardrobes












 finesse furniture ltd 
            12 heatherside gardens
            farnham common
            bucks. sl2 3rr   

 e:sales@rosewoodfurniture.co.uk
 w: www.rosewoodfurniture.co.uk 







