





















harvard museum of natural history | harvard museum of natural history









skip to main content
arrow_circle_down

































menu
close
menu





search



search
search









join


subscribe


shop


rent


press





















visit


exhibitions


programs


education


support


about



















harvard museum of natural history











    glass flowers: the ware collection of blaschka glass models of plants
  


learn more about the glass flowers exhibition
chevron_right





 



























 swimming with sharks

in this remarkable exhibition, discover why the most massive sharks prey on some of the ocean’s smallest critters. learn how to decipher dietary clues from jaws preserved in harvard’s world-class collections. explore how miniature teeth on shark skin help them move efficiently through water.





 










 mineral gallery

step inside the harvard museum of natural history’s earth & planetary sciences gallery. the expansive space displays thousands of rare minerals and sparkling gemstones, including a stunning new display of maine’s most famous mineral, tourmaline. marvel at their array of colors and intricate formations and discover which elements give them their particular hues. 





 










 the blaschkas at the microscope: lessons in botany

new in the glass flowers gallery! delve into captivating educational models that meticulously illustrate the life cycles of non-flowering, spore-forming plants and fungi. after nearly a quarter century, these remarkable teaching models make their return.





 














did you know?

 





did you know willemite has a mineral hardness score of only 5.5 out of 10 making it very difficult to cut and polish due to its softness and fragility? learn more about this unique mineral from the collections.










      email updates
    








 sign up for our newsletter.
 your privacy: we do not share our list.





































plan your visit | shop


location_on
harvard museum of natural history26 oxford streetcambridge, ma 02138




smartphone
(617) 495-3045


email
hmnh@hmsc.harvard.edu


social



facebook







instagram







youtube







privacy policy





admin login












copyright © 2025 the president and fellows of harvard college


accessibility
digital accessibility
report copyright infringement
info practices


















