












providing oxygen, ventilator and sleep therapy supplies | ahom














































 





patient portal 

bill pay 

contact us 






 






our services



















patient resources











patient resources








frequently asked questions






 















why american homepatient®?




















medical professionals



















find a location

























                        search
                    




 








 








introducing a new payment option!
we have added ‘pay by text’ to our billing payment options. simply log into our secure patient portal, click on billing and look for the pay by text icon to get started.
learn more about the patient portal, pay by text, and more!








oxygen therapy
at american homepatient®, we offer oxygen supplies, training and education so you can take an active role in your oxygen therapy at home. we tailor your care to your routine, illness, and preference consistent with your prescription or practitioner's orders.
learn more








ventilator​ therapy
american homepatient® specializes in the provision of ventilator equipment and aids. our program enables the ventilator-dependent patient to have as much normalcy as possible in their life. we are committed to providing clinical support for patients and educational assistance for caregivers.
learn more








sleep therapy
for over 25 years, american homepatient® has unmatched customer service and therapy support using the latest cpap technology.
learn more about sleep therapy


 



 

our services







disease management




american homepatient® helps patients manage chronic respiratory conditions.








durable medical equipment (dme)




we help patients maintain mobility in the home with a variety of durable medical equipment.








enteral therapy




help for caregivers who are challenged with providing proper nutrition to tube-fed patients.








home inr testing




in-home inr testing and pt/inr monitoring is easy to use and will provide fast and accurate testing through our affiliate mdinr®.








nebulizer therapy




nebulizer therapy helps to treat respiratory disease that make it harder for you to breathe. nebulizers send aerosolized medications into the lungs.








oxygen therapy




our focus lies in helping you breathe easier. we provide the training and equipment you or your caregiver need to ensure your home oxygen therapy works for you.








pharmacy




our affiliated pharmacy serves cities and hometowns across america, providing fda-approved pharmaceuticals.








sleep therapy




american homepatient® is a large provider of services to patients diagnosed with obstructive sleep apnea in the u.s. we provide quality products with excellent customer service.








ventilator therapy




chronic respiratory conditions can make it difficult to breathe, a non-invasive ventilator is an advanced therapy option that helps you breathe easier.








wound care




in-home wound care helps to treat and heal acute and chronic injuries to the skin.










disclaimer: certain services are offered through affiliated entities. 







our reputation

                american homepatient® (ahom) is staffed with experienced healthcare professionals and clinicians. the american homepatient team puts patients first in everything we do. our services reach beyond equipment delivery. we customize therapy programs to meet each individual’s needs and prescriptions and provide ongoing programs and support. our goal is to give a better health-related quality of life to every patient!

learn more




contact american homepatient®loading...
 













 





policies 

careers 





this icon  indicates that you are leaving the company's website. linking to a third-party site does not constitute an endorsement by company,
but is solely provided for additional information. refer to company's terms and conditions of use for more information.
© 2025 ahom. all rights are reserved. 



affiliated entities of ahom offer a variety of additional services to help patients throughout treatment. by exiting our site and going to an affiliate site you are acknowledging these services/products are not provided by ahom and will not be covered by insurance.        



ahom is part of the lincare family of businesses. as a patient of ahom, you now have access to and can register for the patient portal. the portal link will redirect you to the patient portal landing registration page for all of the lincare family of businesses, including ahom. 











toggle 










our services




patient resources


frequently asked questions


why american homepatient®?




medical professionals




find a location




contact us



 








 








x


            cookies help us improve your website experience.
by using our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
        

confirm


 

