


instantinnerpower.com












































 
 




 
        






 
      



the secret to 
      controlling the one thing that means more to your accomplishments and 
      happiness than anything else... your mood (mental state of mind)...

go 
      from feeling afraid, hesitant or
		depressed to determined, confident
      & 
      happy - in an instant!

using 
      a powerful tool called 'anchoring' you can now quickly
      summon your most enabling emotional states any time you want
hello internet friend!
have you ever had a day when 
      everything you did or said was just perfect?  in a business or social 
      setting, or while playing a game?  you were "in the zone," on fire... 
      you could do no wrong.  
ever been there?
and how about times when you 
      couldn't do or say the right thing, make a right decision, say no to the 
      second helping, get a hit or catch a pass if your life depended on it... 
		you just "didn't feel right" or you were "having a bad day."
ever been there?
we all have.  one day you can 
      be on top and the next day nothing goes right. 
the one difference between the 
      most accomplished, happiest, most powerful people and everyone else is that the 
      successful people in all areas of life can summon the most suitable states 
      of mind on command. 
the top performers in life can get 
      themselves motivated and inspired exactly when they need to.  they 
      can go from feeling despondent to feeling unstoppable almost immediately, 
      if necessary.  the most effective people can get focused in seconds 
      when they have to.  fit, healthy people are that way because they 
      control their moods - they can get themselves to exercise the same time 
      every day, the same number of times every week.  week in, week out.  
      they always say 'no' to the wrong foods.  they never, ever overeat.
and it's all because they control 
      their states... their moods.  
top performers in life can summon 
      the emotions that create the ability to excel at things that terrify most 
      people.
and now, because of the remarkable 
      instant inner power programs, so can you.
if you want to win more, to 
      achieve more, to be more... if you want to be happy without needing drugs, 
      alcohol or prescription medications right now, you must be able to change 
      your states at a moment's notice no matter where you are or what you are 
      doing.
and instant inner power programs 
      will make it happen for you.
let me introduce myself...
my name is mike brescia.  i'm 
      the founder and ceo of think right now! international.  i started 
      www.thinkrightnow.com from my garage and built it into the #1 most visited 
      personal development product web site on earth.  i authored the book, 'today is your day to win,' which has been read by over 
      130,000 people in over 60 countries.  through our products at 
      thinkrightnow.com and now with instant inner power programs, i've 
      manipulated and combined existing scientific brain discoveries to give not just 
      advice, but easy to use tools that are effective at changing people from 
      the inside out. 


      recreating peak states instantly
and in my years researching the 
      underlying causes of success and failure, by far
      the two most powerful technologies for growth and achievement i have 
      ever seen are state generation and
      anchoring.
each instant inner power program 
      uses both these remarkable processes, which give you the amazing ability 
      to enter the states of mind you need to be in in order to achieve 
      challenging goals and the 
      ability to summon them on command any time you need them.
if you're thinking that what you 
      just read may be the most amazing thing you've ever heard, you are 
      absolutely right.  
it is amazing.  
it is life altering.  it is revolutionary.
and it's only available right here.
state generation is the 
      process where you intentionally put yourself or someone else into a 
      specific mood (or state) so that you/they can do what needs to be done 
      well as you/they can possibly do it.
some simple examples of intentional state generation 
      are:

the pre-game speeches by coaches and players to 
			fire up their 
      teams 
playing the theme to 'rocky' to get yourself motivated
eerie music played during a 
			scary scene in a movie
giving your girlfriend flowers to 
			help make up for a recent argument
			
getting your 
      chores all done and/or giving your dad compliments before you ask him if 
      you can take the car out.
yelling, "who's your 
			daddy?!" to players on opposing teams.  

these are all attempts to manipulate someone's mood 
      in order to achieve a desired result.
but your moods can't 
		change that quickly, you say?
have you ever been instantly 
		brought to tears during an 
		emotional scene in a movie?  i'll bet you have.  ever felt 
		scared stiff during the very same movie?
how about when a close friend you 
		haven't seen in a long time surprises you by showing up at your birthday 
		party.  instant state change? 
what if ed mcmahon showed up at 
		your door with a very large check in hand?  you'd immediately be jumping up and down with 
		excitement no matter what mood you were in before!
ever get some really bad news 
		(family member or friend in an accident, someone died, lost the sale, 
		didn't get the job)?  it was devastating.  no matter how 
		cheery your mood was before, it immediately shifted.  instantly, 
		you couldn't think about anything else.
that is how fast you 
		can change your state.
are you starting to understand 
		how useful having the power to immediately shift yourself into your most resourceful, 
		powerful states can be?
that is why instant inner 
		power programs are the most incredible personal development programs 
		you've ever seen.
in each instant inner power 
      program, i will quickly get you into the desired state of mind using both 
      your memory and your imagination until, by the end you are in exactly the 
      mood you need to be in to consistently get your desired outcomes.





            "anchoring is the most effective technique i know for constructively 
            channeling our powerful unconscious reactions so they're always at 
            our disposal. it's a way to ensure that we always have access to our 
            greatest resources."
     -tonyxrobbins




anchoring is what happens 
      naturally when you are in an intense emotional state and something unique 
      happens over and over while you are in that state.  eventually, the 
      state and that unique "something" get linked up with each other in your mind and your body.
a classic example of anchors is the 
      study by dr. ivan pavlov.  you remember.  he's the one who let 
      hungry dogs see and smell meat, but wouldn't let them eat it.  soon 
      the dogs began salivating like crazy.  when that happened, dr. pavlov 
      rang a bell of a very specific pitch.  he did that over and over.  
      soon, all he had to do was ring the same bell, and the dogs would salivate 
      profusely as if the meat were in front of them.  
		a neuro-association 
      was created between the bell and feeling hungry or salivating.
a very common example of a 
		naturally created anchor is when a child who is, let's say... either overweight or just not 
      very athletic gets teased unmercifully on the playground for any 
      error made while playing a game/sport.  every single time this treatment 
      occurs, a negative anchor to the game/sport is being formed and 
		strengthened.  so what is very likely to 
      happen is that into adulthood, that person will have absolutely no 
      interest in playing sports or in exercising in any way due to the negative 
      feelings linked up all those years ago to the athletic pursuits on the 
      playground.
do you want to get rid of your 
      negative anchors that stop you from doing the things you dream of?
do you want to literally install 
      some of the most empowered states of mind imaginable, and do it in around 
      an hour?
now you can.


      obliterating negative anchors...
instant inner power programs do 
      three things...
first, each 
		iip title takes you 
      quickly through an emotional guided visualization, during which you will literally 
      throw away and destroy the 11 core disempowering, failure producing, anxiety creating 
      mental patterns (related to each title's subject) recorded in your brain 
      tissue that makes 
      the right decisions and actions too often feel difficult or impossible.
yup, you 're just going to throw 
      them away.  we will scramble the programmed, habitual mental patterns 
      and the memories of failure so thoroughly that you won't be able to "run" 
      them any more. 
these failure 
      patterns that immediately get scrambled in each title's program 1 (first 
		half) are:

self image as a person who isn't 
        good at (the subject of each title)
rerunning (looping) past failed 
        actions in your mind
not feeling responsible for your 
        failed actions/decision/results... blaming (victim mentality)
lack of confidence (causes 
        procrastination, blocks efforts completely)
positive neuro-associations to 
        unsupportive people, places, actions (creates reluctance to put in 
        effort to get result)
negative neuro-associations to 
        supportive people, places, actions (also creates reluctance to put in 
        effort to get results)
fear/anxiety about failure 
        and/or success (makes correct decisions/actions difficult or impossible)
brain represents goal related 
        tasks/decisions as larger, scarier and more difficult than they truly are. this adds to 
        fear and paralysis, further making goal achieving activities 
        difficult/impossible. 
brain represents 
        mistakes/setbacks/delays as more damaging than they actually are. 
        creates frustration, fear, anger, anxiety.
visualizing/imagining future 
        poor/failed actions and poor/failed results (creating a well rehearsed 
        script to follow).
feelings of 
        stress/fatigue/breakdown in body due to the patterns above

these are the core mental habits 
      that every person alive runs when they are failing to achieve any desired 
      outcome.   
these are unconscious mental programs that run without 
      you even being aware of it.  
they are the source of most 
      depression, frustration, anger, jealousy, fear, laziness, boredom, 
      impatience, dishonesty and pessimism.
think about it... when you are 
      afraid, when you are procrastinating, when you load on the sour cream, 
      when you decide to watch tv instead of practicing or studying the 
      information that could make you rich/healthy/happy/productive, when you throw the interception or 
      miss the shot, you're not aware of these brain functions.  
no.  
you just know (believe) 
      that something seemed scary... 
you didn't want to do it now...
		
just a little won't hurt...
		
you may believe that you wouldn't get to play/get an 'a' whether you 
      practice/study or not... now you are going to lose.  
it's the way you "think about 
      things" (the way your brain represents them to you) that controls your 
      moods/states.  
and your mood/state controls every 
		single one of your actions and 
      decisions from the time you wake up till the moment you fall asleep...  
		
every single one of them.
by blowing away these learned 
      mental blocks to success at the beginning of each program, you will have 
      readied 
      yourself to create the perfect mental state for success related to each 
      instant inner power title's subject.
at the end of program 1 of each 
      title, you will feel open to the possibility of finally being able to reach your 
      goal/dream... open to the idea that you actually can control your states of 
      mind completely.


      creating your reference states
the second of the three things that 
      each instant inner power program does is to put you into an empowered 
      state of mind where, when you are in it, everything seems to work... your decisions 
      are excellent.  they feel easier to make.  you work faster.  
      you work more accurately.  you're more confident.  it's easier 
      to visualize your success beforehand.  failing rarely, if ever, crosses your mind. you are thinking only of winning, 
      of succeeding, of the next step and the next.  in this state you are 
      focused on getting your way, determined to succeed no matter what you have 
      to do.  
this is where you will literally get 
      vibrating with excitement.
this occurs in the second half of each 
      audio program where you will enter what i call the 
      reference state, the state of mind where the decisions and 
      actions that help to accomplish your outcomes feel easier... as if you've been 
      doing them for years.  
these are the states of mind that 
      the winners in life summon when they need to be "in the zone."
this is where the healthiest eaters 
      go in their mind whenever they think about food.  
these are the mental states that 
      the most fit people enter when they are pushing themselves to their 
      physical limits and loving every minute of it.  
these are the states of mind where 
      you become 100 times more likely to succeed at whatever you want to do than 
      you are in your typical moods.
in each program, instead of just 
      asking you to remember past successes or imagine that you are succeeding, i'll 
      take you through what i call the 11 mental 
      patterns of success.  
listen to 
      the demo now.  all your senses will be involved.  by amplifying all 11 of these 
      unconscious automatic brain functions in just a few minutes, by the time 
      you reach the end of each session, it is very likely that you will feel 
      like your body is vibrating.  
...as if you had a small energy 
		cell inside you.
oh, i guarantee that you have 
      never felt anything like what you will feel as you are listening to 
      instant inner power programs!
the 11 success oriented brain 
      functions that will be amplified in each iip program are these:

the image of a success - 
        your mood will begin to change almost immediately as you begin to 
        imagine that in every way you already are the person you desire to be, the 
        ultimate success in the area pertaining to each title's subject.
purpose/mission oriented 
        - next you will then be guided to think of every possible benefit of 
        reaching your outcome... benefits to you, others, your community and 
        even the world.  you will feel closer to the big "why" than you 
        ever have.  this is a natural procrastination killer.
visualizing/imagining your 
        desired outcome  - you will be guided to clearly see 
        and experience yourself doing everything necessary to succeed as well as what you and 
        your 
        life will be like after you reach your dream.
desire/determination - to 
        immediately increase your determination to make these images and 
		feelings come true, you will be guided to look at, 
        in the most attractive terms, the benefits of reaching those outcomes.  
        then you will focus on what you will lose if you don't succeed. this 
        will light a forest fire of desire in your gut.
confidence - you will be 
        guided to remember times when you did your best, when everything was 
        going great - and to imagine how your "hero" feels when doing things 
		related to each title's subject.
action orientation - you 
        will be guided to see yourself successfully taking all the steps needed to succeed, 
        the planning, making the correct decisions, taking the right actions, 
        the productive meetings, whatever is necessary.  it is all working 
        out in your mind now.
love the entire process - 
        you will then be guided to see the positive, the good, the fun in every single action you take on your 
        success journey. you will manipulate your 
        perceptions so that you will actually begin to enjoy tasks and decisions 
		(related to each title's subject) that may have 
        seemed awful up till now. 
keep setbacks/problems in perspective 
        - you will mentally shrink the size of any possible setbacks that could occur on 
        your way to your goal. so frustration, anxiety, anger and other 
        overreactions will be less and less an issue when things don't go 
        exactly as desired.
appreciate/love what you get 
        both inside and out - you will be brought to a place where you can see, hear and feel what your life 
        will be like after you reach your outcomes... the result of being able 
        to enter your reference state as often as needed.  being constantly 
        aware of and enjoying what you earn and become by reaching challenging 
        goals is a foundational mental pattern of all champions in life.
happiness/pride from your 
        accomplishments - unlike enjoying benefits, this critical mental pattern 
        of feeling proud of what you achieved helps you to stay motivated to 
        keep getting results.  the final scene in each iip program will 
        make you feel so good, so happy with yourself and your efforts, so loved 
        and appreciated that you may be brought to tears... lots of them.  
        have the tissues handy.

by the time you reach the end of 
		program 2 on all instant inner power programs, you will be in a state of 
      mind at that moment that is probably 20 times beyond anything you've ever 
      felt (related to the program's subject matter) in terms of determination, 
      commitment, confidence and being able to see and feel yourself already as 
      the person you want to be, comfortable with succeeding, and with doing 
      whatever you need to do to achieve your success.
so at that moment, you are at the 
		peak of emotion.


      access your reference state
      any time you want - instantly
probably the coolest 
      part about instant inner programs is the third thing each program does... 
      the anchoring of your desired peak states.
remember a moment ago 
      when you learned about what an anchor is and how they naturally get 
      created in your body/mind?  well, on program 2 of each title, as you 
      are building and amplifying the intensity of the emotions (creating your 
      reference state), you will repeatedly be asked to do and say something 
      unique.  on some programs, i'll simply suggest that something in your 
      environment from now on will trigger this state of confidence and 
		commitment.  
as your conviction, 
      determination, self-belief, happiness and action orientation is created 
      and magnified, this unique "anchor" is getting linked to this state of 
      mind.  
so from that moment on, when you want to be in the same 
      mood/state, all that is required is that you "trigger" the anchor by 
		performing/doing that same unique thing and saying the same unique 
		statement, you did while building your reference state... and voila', you'll instantly be in 
		a similar 
		empowered state of mind again.
this will happen just 
      as surely as pavlov's dogs salivated when they heard the same bell that 
      was anchored to their hunger state.

what does this mean to 
      you?
at this point, you may 
      be wondering what the implications or benefits are to being able to access 
      peak performance states.
the answer is truly 
      that it could mean many things...
it all depends which 
		instant inner power programs you use.
every mood has 
		different uses.  feelings of love and romance aren't very useful 
		when playing soccer.
a great suggestion 
		is to listen to the demonstration session now.  
		this will give you a strong sense of the enormous power that resides 
		inside of you just waiting to be released.
in the 
demo (program 2 of instant invincibility), the state created is 
      extreme confidence... confidence so strong, you feel like you can do just 
		about anything.
in about a half hour, you will be 
		feeling strength and power that you didn't know you had. 
		enjoy!
i'm so confident that you will 
		find instant inner power programs to be the most earth-shaking, 
		life-altering programs you've ever experienced, that we back them up 
		with a complete risk-free guarantee of satisfaction.






100% satisfaction, full 6 month
risk-free money back guarantee

              our policy is simple.

              i personally guarantee that if you use any of our audio programs, 
				you'll see measurable improvements in your life.

              but if you're not 100% satisfied, simply return the product any 
              time within 6 months from the date of your order and we'll issue you a no hassles 
              refund 
              immediately upon 
              receiving the return.

              no clauses, no conditions - it's as simple as that. this means 
              that your purchase is absolutely risk-free!

              we're the ones taking all the risk for you... so, you can't 
              possibly lose, unless you pass this up and don't even try! 





i promise you that no
              matter how successful you may be now or even how hopeless
              you may feel, you can and will improve the quality of your 
				decisions and actions by using one or more instant inner power 
				programs...
and you will feel it instantly.
your partner in growth,



mike brescia, president/founder
              think right now international


listen to the demonstration session now




 
        
					
          








				 






front 
				& back covers





instant invincibility
you will be 
							guided to construct the most powerfully confident 
							state of mind you could possibly imagine.

							then, mike will "anchor" these powerful, positive 
							feelings to you so that you can effortlessly trigger 
							the exact same achievement producing emotions any 
							time you want - instantly!



							 




							only 


$39.97

add cd to cart     
view
              cart/check out














front 
				& back covers





instant motivation
you will be guided to 
							construct the most inspired state of mind you could 
							possibly imagine... motivation so strong that you'll 
							feel like you can achieve absolutely anything.

							then, mike will "anchor" these determined, driven 
							feelings to you so that you can effortlessly trigger 
							the exact same achievement-producing mindset any 
							time you want - instantly!



							 




							only 


$39.97

add cd to cart     
view
              cart/check out















					front & back covers





instant self-esteem
you will be guided to 
							construct the most vital, self assured yet still 
							down-to-earth state of mind you could possibly 
							imagine.

							then, mike will "anchor" these wonderfully positive 
							feelings to you so that you can effortlessly trigger 
							the exact same poise and self-belief any time you 
							want - instantly!



							 




							only 


$39.97


							add cd to cart     
view
              cart/check out















					front & back covers





instant diet power
you will be guided to 
							construct the most focused diet-conscious state of 
							mind you could possibly imagine... so strong that in 
							this state, you will always make healthy diet 
							choices-no matter where you are, what the occasion 
							is or what is on the menu. 

							then, mike will "anchor" these focused, confident 
							feelings to you so that you can effortlessly trigger 
							them to help you make the most health-conscious diet 
							decisions possible every time - instantly!



							 




							only 


$39.97

add cd to cart     
view
              cart/check out














front 
				& back covers





instant workout power
you will be guided to 
							construct the most energetic and enthusiastic state 
							of mind and body you could possibly imagine... so 
							focused that your next workout will be the best 
							workout of your life.

							then, mike will "anchor" these powerful, positive 
							feelings to you so that you can effortlessly trigger 
							the exact same passion and desire to work out any 
							time you want -instantly!



							 




							only 


$39.97

add cd to cart     
view
              cart/check out
















			 

			 





 


















policies | shipping info





copyright © 2024 think right now! 
					int'l/  inteletext, llc. 
					6315 arbor dr. new port richey, fl 34655  usa
                      orders (315) 436-3057      	info (315) 436-3057       








 


               




call 
                            toll-free 
                            monday-friday
            and talk 
            to our friendly,
            knowledgeable staff

                            9:30am-4:30pm  et
                            8:30am-3:30pm ct
                            7:30am-2:30pm mt
                            6:30am-1:30pm pt
		                    1(315) 436-3057
 







   


