























home - wiit radio 88.9fm






















































































wiit radio 88.9fm
instagram
facebook
spotify
follow our linked







streamscheduleaboutexec boarddisc jockeysshow descriptionsblogresourcesresources for djswiit constitutionjoinget involvedrequest a showcontact 









wiit 88.9fm

illinois institute of technology
chicago












wiit—the radio station for illinois institute of technology — is one of the oldest continually operating student radio stations in the country.


our completely volunteer-run, noncommercial station is located in the mccormick tribune campus center in the heart of illinois tech’s main campus.


listen live

due to some upgrades from tunein, chrome users may need to click the wiit logo left of the play button. this will open a new tab on the tunein website. click play in the new tab, then click “listen now”.









alone we can do so little…





we are community.
at wiit, we are students, teachers, faculty, and community members. we offer a variety of programs, each with unique themes and genres. our volunteer djs are encouraged to express themselves creatively on air by personally selecting their music or conversation topics. this creativity differentiates wiit from most closed-format radio stations.


while carefully balancing professional attitudes with ingenuity, our djs offer a fresh sound that doesn’t come off as forced or commercialized. because our listeners know that we play our shows from the heart and not from the pocket, we have a very dedicated listener-ship.
additionally, since we are not a commercial station, our music selection is not governed by demographic research or a single restrictive theme. this allows us to represent diverse musical selections. wiit truly offers something for everyone.

wiit blog

 
 


070 shake @ the salt shed



					february 11, 2025				

					no comments				


read more


 
 


toro y moi @ the salt shed



					february 11, 2025				

					no comments				


read more


 
 


bulls, boots, and a chicago showdown: wiit takes on pbr unleash the beast



					january 16, 2025				

					no comments				


read more


 
 


cole kincart’s best albums of 2024



					december 13, 2024				

					no comments				


read more





be the sound of tomorrow.
wiit 88.9fm is constantly seeking individuals who are passionate about leadership, music, radio, and design to join our exec board. as a dynamic and growing organization, we are always on the lookout for new members who can contribute their unique talents and perspectives to our team. if you are interested in learning more about our current executive board members, please click the link below to view their profiles and get a better sense of what it’s like to be a part of wiit.

see our current exec board



what are we listening to?




angry blackmen – the legend of abm
“a chicago duo ripping into real world issues over some insane beats. i’ve been following them for a bit and to see them pop off like they did is incredible. my favorite track is going to have to be ‘dead men tell no lies'”
 – sasha rodriguez






snuffed – lobotomy dream
“snuffed brings new heavy hitting heat with their ep lobotomy dream. my favorite track is “vicarious embarrassment”. probably one of my favorite releases this early on into the year.”
– sasha rodriguez






“27 club” – tierra whack
“philly legend tierra whack is so back with the second single released in anticipation of her new album world wide whack entitled “27 club”. while this track lacks the usual energy and speed of her work, it has all the signature wit, honesty and color of ms. whack. no one does it like her.  ”
 – amelia moseman






“wombo combo”– true combo
“true combo is a great little pop punk / midwest emo band (one of many down at [university of illinois]) that my friend plays bass in. they’ve already played a few shows this year and there are many more to come! get down to champaign and see them if you can.
– matt doyle






two star & the dream police– mk.gee
“the hype for this album was real with such great singles released ahead of the drop. the new songs not only uphold the standards set by singles “candy” and “how many miles” but enhance the performance of these songs in the album. the album showcases mk.gee’s skilled guitar playing and production prowess with a soaring, bright sound. great listen for fans of dijon, bon iver, toro y moi and other indie bedroom-pop greats.”
– amelia moseman






“dirty nachos”– chief keef
– cole kincart





meet the community








our hosts










our shows










our schedule








join the community
get involved



you can get involved by requesting your own show or podcast, or learning how to contribute to our various teams and initiatives.



request a show
general interest form











contact
wiit@iit.edu
312-567-3088


for promo:
md.wiit@iit.edu







address
wiit 88.9fm
a. sidney katz studio3201 s. state streetchicago, il 60616






get involved
request a show
general interest form
join exec board





wiit 88.9 fm
broadcasting live from the a. sidney katz studio at illinois institute of technology




wiit is everywhere
instagram
facebook
spotify
follow our linked










wp radio



offline
live


























































































 




