





home - autism united of wisconsin






















































skip to content



with the exciting new autism united, we know you have questions. we have answers!
learn moremenuhomeprograms & eventsour programsprograms and events for the spectrum of our community
group supportour groups offer supporters who understand what you are going through so that you have an outlet to interact and learn from others.
individual supportautism united of wisconsin wants you to know we are here for you.
all programslearn more heresee our calendar of upcoming events!
view calendarresourcessponsorship opportunitieshost a fundraiserour partnersmedianews alertsall fundraisershas someone you know been recently diagnosed?
click here
all programsall eventsresourcesget involvedvolunteergive the gift of your time and make a difference
donatewe are a 501(c)(3) nonprofit and donations given to us are tax-deductible
fundraiseorganize a fundraiser to support our mission of enhancing the lives of those touched by autism in the local community

volunteerdonatefundraisenewsautism alertsmediaaboutour missionworking together, today and tomorrow.
what is autism?autism spectrum disorder: an introduction
our leadership & staffmeet our team, your partners.
faqsyour questions, our answers.

our missionwhat is autism?meet our staffjoincontactdonate today
 





homebrandon2025-02-04t15:35:24+00:00 

 





ignition 
										our promises to you from our founders and leaders: together, today and tomorrow. 
										learn more 
										 


support 
										here for the services you need, when you need them.  
										get connected 
										 


advocacy 
										here for the services you need, when you need them.  
										get connected 
										 


education 
										here for the services you need, when you need them.  
										get connected 
										 


acceptance 
										here for the services you need, when you need them.  
										get connected 
										 


guidance 
										here for the services you need, when you need them.  
										get connected 
										 


community 
										here for the services you need, when you need them.  
										get connected 
										 


autism exchange 
										july 11-12, 2025wilderness resortwisconsin dells 
							learn more 
							 






welcome to autism united of wisconsinwelcome to autism united of wisconsin — the state’s largest autism spectrum service organization providing help, healing and hope for 50 years. the life journey for persons neurodiverse can be complicated, challenging, confusing, uplifting and even triumphant. our mission and passion is to improve the quality of life for each child, teen and adult on the autism spectrum — as well as their families — while teaming with caregivers and educators to enhance every individual’s unique needs, skills and goals. providing a better life and brighter future for everyone impacted by autism.
obtaining a diagnosis: the processwhen family members or care providers become concerned that a child isn’t following a typical neurodevelopmental course, obtaining a comprehensive and accurate medical diagnosis is key.
learn morenewly diagnosed: what’s nexthaving your child diagnosed or being diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder can be emotionally challenging to parents, siblings, yourself (if one diagnosed) and other family members. breathe deeply. be strong. move forward.
learn moreearly childhood interventionthe earlier a child is diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder, the greater short- and long-term positive impact early intervention programs can achieve. how to get started.
learn morenavigating the educational systemwisconsin regularly ranks among the top 10 states in the country in providing services and support to those with neurodevelopmental disabilities. your child’s rights start with your understanding.
learn moreupcoming eventsclick here to join our mailing list
latinos unidos por autismo – grupo de apoyo/ virtual support groupfebruary 17 @ 10:00 am - 12:00 pmhybrid morning coffee parent’s support groupfebruary 20 @ 10:00 am - 11:00 amindividualized education plan (iep) – free virtual parent workshopfebruary 20 @ 6:00 pm - 7:30 pmopen play at st. francis children’s centerfebruary 23 @ 3:00 pm - 4:30 pmplease note:
in the event of inclement weather, autism united of wisconsin follows the wauwatosa school district regarding closures.
our missionunited we standsign up for our e-news and stay updated on the latest information.
sign up nowthe mission and passion of autism united of wisconsin is to provide everyone within the autism community the services, support and structure to enjoy a better life and brighter future.
together. today. tomorrow.membership:
join our communitydonate:
become a superheropurpose:
sponsor our causesvolunteer:
awesome and rewarding



 
 
autism united of wisconsin3720 n. 124th street
milwaukee, wisconsin 53222
programstoggle navigationchildren programsteen programsadult programsall programsdonatetoggle navigationsponsorship opportunitieshost a fundraiserour partnersmedianews alertsall fundraisersmembershiptoggle navigationbecome a memberfor individualsfor educators© 2025 autism united of wisconsin | powered by outlier brands | privacy policy
call us 414.988.1260
autism united of wisconsin is a registered united states 501(c)3, ein 39-1708201; all donations are tax deductible as prescribed by law.


 
 
page load link




 













