






 



home - jl todd auction company


























































































































































































































































skip to content



706-291-7007contact@jltodd.comfacebook page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window
search:
search









jl todd auction company
selling the world at auction since 1917

home about us our team at jl todd auction auctions1107 collard valley rd, cedartown, ga  listingstract 1 morrison campground rd tract 2 morrison campground rd  soldweiss lake: 3 mile resort commercial: 811 east ave, cedartown, ga weiss lake: spring creek area 30 room cave spring motel 70 ± acres on taylorsville road, rome 1.28 acres on hwy 27 in trion ga. 1.18 acres at 4261 hwy 27, gore, ga 25 ± acres southern colonial home 405 massey road – menlo, ga mchenry primary school – rome, ga beautiful executive home  faq contact 



 
home about us our team at jl todd auction auctions1107 collard valley rd, cedartown, ga  listingstract 1 morrison campground rd tract 2 morrison campground rd  soldweiss lake: 3 mile resort commercial: 811 east ave, cedartown, ga weiss lake: spring creek area 30 room cave spring motel 70 ± acres on taylorsville road, rome 1.28 acres on hwy 27 in trion ga. 1.18 acres at 4261 hwy 27, gore, ga 25 ± acres southern colonial home 405 massey road – menlo, ga mchenry primary school – rome, ga beautiful executive home  faq contact 









gavel  auction: february 22, 2025 11:00am. gavel
4.3 ± acres, 3/3.5 house, pool, 12,000 sqft commercial bldgs
 open house: february 16 1pm - 4pm or by appt.
 
							
click for details 
							 












the south's oldest auction company


j.l. todd auction co. is the firm of choice when sellers wish to liquidate a property for the highest price in the shortest amount of time possible – normally 60 days or less. as a result, our clients can obtain liquidity and do away with holding costs immediately. we have numerous years of experience selling for estates, financial institutions, farms, residential and commercial properties. as an auction company.
 
a fast-paced auction is one of the most efficient ways of converting your property or assets into immediate cash. in fact, over a quarter-trillion dollars in goods and services are sold at auction every year in the u.s. with the combination of pre-sale marketing and the auction chant and/or attention-grabbing online bidding platform, you could have enthusiastic, attentive buyers aggressively competing to purchase your property. there’s an excitement about an auction that makes it a special event that draws people again and again.









subscribe below!stay informed about upcoming auctions, listings, articles and news. your information will not be sold or shared. you can unsubscribe at any time.
 








join today!
* indicates required

email address  *






 














past customers


we believe that j.l. todd auction company can serve you as we have served thousands of customers since 1917, if you have property to sell and would like to talk with an agent, you are under no obligation. call or send us a message and we will contact you promptly.


contact an agentjames a. “trip” holmes, iii
“on behalf of the j. a. holmes, sr. heirs, we would like to thank the entire j. l. todd team for the efficient and professional sale of our family land. your hard work and attention to the details resulted in a great result and took a lot of stress off of the family…job well done!
m. davies
the way your firm handled the sale indicated that you understood our sentiments and cared about them. we feel that you also went beyond our expectations in getting us the most money for our land.
b. neff
i would like to take this opportunity to express my feelings about the recent auction your company conducted for me. before choosing your company to represent my property i spent considerable time and effort in checking out your company’s reputation, ability and success record. i sincerely felt in my findings that your company was the very best available. the sale is now history and i do feel i had the best money could buy!
l. roberts
i wanted to let you know how much we have appreciated everything you have done to make sure our recent sale was a success. your tireless efforts and advice were instrumental in the attendance of the sale as well as getting the maximum amount of money. each member of the estate thanks you and the j. l. todd auction company for your time, attention to every detail, and your dedication to results. there is no doubt in our mind that we chose the best auction company to handle our estate.
j. hudson
it was a pleasure to be with you in commerce at the sale last week. i state unqualifiedly that i have never seen anybody go all out for the best interests of a man as you all did for my client. if you ever need any kind of endorsement about the type service you render, you can surely quote me.
d. williams
on behalf of my family, i would like to thank your very capable staff for the auction of my mother’s property. we are especially pleased to meet some of the fine employees of j. l. todd auction company and assure you we will not hesitate to recommend you to any of our friends that are considering an auction.
t. wilson
i just want to say a word of thanks to a great bunch of guys who i am blessed to know and count as friends. your friendship means more to me than any of you realize. it was a great privilege and honor to have worked with all of you for over a month…god bless each and every one of you and maybe someday, god willing, we’ll cross paths again.
todd auction method


the todd method of selling at auction is an exact science, born of extensive experience, care and skill. this method is based on the todd philosophy that presentation of property is its most desirable aspect, which not only satisfies the buyer, but also results in more money for the seller.


contact us


credibility & integrity we have received letters by people from all over the country, who have either purchased or sold property through j.l. todd auction company.    


time is money we believe that time is money. a j.l.todd auction is the quickest way to convert what you own into immediate cash. if you are ready to retire and free yourself from a confining business, wish to move, need cash in a hurry, are the executor of an estate that requires prompt closure, represent a bank that wishes to convert some properties to make other investments, then the j.l.todd company can make money for you while saving time.    


strategic marketing we create a strategic marketing plan for each auction in order to gather all potential buyers for “your” assets through competitive bidding.  we can devise a plan that is best suited for your type of liquidation through the best known property sales method in american, at auction!    


auction day the excitement runs high on sale day. it is the culmination of the j.l.todd company’s efforts over several weeks to be sure that everything progresses satisfactorily.    


sold! as soon as the auctioneer declares, “sold,” the cashier computes the amount of the bid and the terms. a contract is prepared which an officer of j.l. todd staff takes to the purchaser for acknowledgement. all of this is done in a matter of minutes, then the next item of the sale is up for the auctioneer’s cry. once the pace is set, there is no let-up until the gavel rings down on the last sale of the day.    


wrap-up when the sale is over, the j.l. todd cashiers, clerks, and executive staff will meet with you and account for all of your money and property. you are then given a written account of each item sold and who bought it.    











recent newscontact infophone numbers:706-291-7007 | 706-766-1544e-mail:contact@jltodd.comfind us on:facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowdribbble page opens in new windowgithub page opens in new windowbehance page opens in new windowcontact usname *
e-mail *
telephone *
message *
submit
 








					copyright © jl todd auction company | maintained by  mcallister park design, llc 









go to top
































































