






chicago strippers and male exotic dancers from chicago gentlemen ®
























chicago strippers


312-498-9055



 
 
 










reserve your chicago strippers party today!



johnny luvtrojan troyshawn taylorgiorgiochicago male strippers!2 girl shows!giamichellechicago female strippers!pricing and optionsmale revuesfemale strippersfantasy shows
looking for male strippers in other cities?we're not just in chicago. strippers can be found in many cities throughout our nationwide network!click here.
 


























the hottest chicago strippers
male strippers by chicago gentlemen.com
book your male dancer with confidence.  all customers receive an email confirmation of their order. we will also call you the monday before your party to confirm all the details. superior communication helps ensure your party goes as planned.
how it works:
we specialize in entertainment for private parties and events. one (or more) of our dancers will arrive at your venue and perform a show that last from thirty minutes to an hour, depending on the participation of the guests at the party. our seasoned entertainers bring everything they need for the performance, a costume, music, boom box and a great attitude. please let us know if you’d like to request a specific costume or dancer. this is our standard entertainment package, but we’re happy accommodate other requests. we can provide bartending, or other party services. feel free to check out our faq section to help you through any questions you may have before ordering.see our frequently asked questions page »
chicago male strippers:
charming, charismatic and confident. our gentlemen are seasoned entertainers sure to make your party memorable. our portfolio is made up of poised, engaging gentlemen who love to have fun with the ladies. from exotic, to athletic, to boyishly charming, we’re sure to have a gentlemen stripper tailored to your tastes.check out our chicago male strippers »
chicago male revue:
chicago strippers offers local establishments the great opportunity to generate a popular "girls night out" event.  establishment owners, call us up to book men the show featuring the hottest male dancers in the chicago area. your clientel will be so happy you did, we are positive we will become a regular fixture at you place!check out men the show »
 chicago female strippers:
the ladies make any type of party hot. be it a bachelor, birthday, poker night, sporting event or just a guys night out, these girls will leave your guest begging for more. the girls can provide topless waitress service for your card game, perform a high energy strip, or show you a sizzling fantasy show. give one of our party planners a call to determine the best option for your party.check out our chicago female strippers »
chicago novelty strippers:
if you are looking for laughs at your next party, a novelty stripper is a sure bet.  book chubby jan or bubba bodine to pose as an ex-boyfriend or girlfriend at your event.  with an abundance of personality and confidence, jan and bubba always get rave reviews.see chubby jan »see bubba bodine »
chicago party tip of the month:
go bar hopping. sometimes a laid back night of bar hopping beats a heavily scheduled evening. keeping to local bars with smaller crowds usually generates more attention to your group and the guest of honor. arrange to have a dancer show up on location to surprise the bride. see our previous tips of the month »
 



 


our chicago strippers and chicago exotic dancers are available for parties in the following areas: chicago, carol stream, schaumburg, aurora, oak lawn, rockford, melrose park, naperville, evanston, oak brook, joliet, skokie, downers grove, arlington heights, mount prospect, glenview, lansing, lombard, palatine, romeoville, skokie, niles, berwyn, northwest indiana and many more surrounding cities. there may be a minimal travel fee for certain areas. our staff will let you know if a fee applies to your area.


 


















 



also in chicago:male strippers revue shows and tours




 
























 


email address  












      









 		



chicago area reservationsnovelty stripperswaiters / waitressesentertainer faqs 
packagesshow faqsupcoming events 
bachelorette partiesbachelor partiesadult toy partiesmassage partiesevite 
contact chicago strippersjob opportunitiescustomer testimonyprivacy policycopyright - tosour locations 












