





irish america – irish america



 



































































































































 


 skip to main content skip to secondary menu skip to primary sidebar skip to footerirish americairish america



homewho we are

about usour contributors
in this issuehall of famethe lists

business 100hall of famehealth and life sciences 50wall street 50
librarytravelevents
search for:search button



john ford: a true film pioneer
ronald reagan remembered
the friar and the saint
ireland celebrates brigid



in this issue
 
 


new england’s irish “witch”




goody ann glover was hanged as a witch on november 16, 1688. could it have been that it was because she was a catholic whose first language was irish? had one not known…				

read more


 
 


review of books | recently published books




where they lie by claire coughlan this atmospheric thriller is slightly reminiscent of john banville’s quirke series, but with a junior reporter at the center of events rather than a pathologist. nicoletta sarto…				

read more


irish america archives
 
 


lacey meets brecht in dublin




tyne daly, known to tv viewers as mary beth lacey, takes on a new role…				

more 


 
 


those we lost




bill o’donnell (1935 – 2019) former newspaper reporter bill o’donnell died in april, aged 84….				

more 


primary sidebarfeatured video

featured podcast


search the site ...
news from the irish post






 



							appeal for witnesses after petrol bomb attack destroys vehicles in armagh						


police have appealed for witnesses to come forward after a petrol bomb attack destroyed a number ...





 



							‘window for negotiation' before us steel and aluminium tariffs kick in says tánaiste						


there is a “window for negotiation” with the us before planned tariffs on steel and aluminium imp...





 



							engaged couples receive special blessing at shrine of st valentine						


engaged irish couples have received a special blessing this week in honour of st valentine’s day....





 



							driver caught with cocaine worth €350k after acting ‘suspiciously’ at garda checkpoint						


a man has been arrested after being caught with €350k worth of cocaine in his car while passing t...





february 15, 1874
arctic explorer sir ernest shackleton was born on this day in 1874 in co. kildare. shackleton was the son of a privileged anglo-irish family originally from yorkshire. at age 16, he left school to go to sea as an apprentice and was a certified master mariner by 1898. after befriending the son of the main financial backer for the national antarctic expedition, shackleton was named third officer on the ship discovery, but was sent home due to ill health. shackleton then worked at finding funds for another antarctic trip to claim the south pole for england. he and his crew, sailing under the nimrod expedition, reached the furthest southern point at that time, just 112 miles shy of the magnetic south pole.

footerfollow us
facebookinstagramlinkedintwitteryoutube
subscribe

subscribe
give a gift
newsletter



additional

advertise
contact
terms of use & privacy policy



copyright © 2025 · irishamerica child theme on genesis framework · wordpress · log in ×  


 



























































