




















asucd








      skip to main content
    






menu


asucd 





















asucd 

building tomorrow together










open search




search













main navigation (extended config)



          about us





headquarters (hq) office





          awards





champagne award


grants and awards


janice l. wimmer corbett scholarship


volunteer award





budget




          events





housing week


lawntopia


mental health conference


picnic day


pride festival


sunset fest


whole earth festival





giving




jobs & internships




resources




          student government





government documents



          executive branch





controller's office




judicial branch


legislative branch





















register for free


















about the bloom as you are - mental health conferenceyou are invited to attend (for free) to asucd's mhi's 9th annual mental health conference! join us for an engaging and informative event focused on promoting mental health destigmatization, education, and advocacy. this in-person conference will be held at the uc davis conference center and is free for all (non-students welcome!). mhc 2025 features guest keynote speakers, interactive workshops, healing spaces, caucuses, and more!our goal is for the mental health conference to equip participants with actionable steps and valuable insights, empowering them to enhance their mental well-being and contribute to mental health advocacy and destigmatization. join us in making a positive impact at mhc 2025 and embark on a journey of wellness! want to keep in the know of what mhi is doing visit us at our website or follow us on our socials.explore our servicesthe associated students, university of california, davis, (asucd) improves the quality of campus life by providing resources and services to cultivate a culture of involvement and student leadership. join us as asucd connects the dots between all facets of our campus and puts students first by building tomorrow, together. the pantry


the pantry is a valuable asucd resource for free food and basic essentials for students. located in the memorial union, the pantry is operational seven days a week throughout the year. please have your student id ready and don't forget to bring your reusable bag! see more information about hours and other community resources by clicking the button below.find more information here  the cohowith over 250 student employees, the coffee house or better known as the "coho" is more than just a cup of coffee. the coho has its own


espresso bar, tea, drip coffee and smoothies (swirlz)bakery - where new treats are baked everyday (swirlz)pizza kitchen - pizza dough and sauce is made daily (ciao)sushi & pho - made in-house daily (mandalay express & ikoma sushi)sandwiches (fickle pickle deli)hot food -  homemade recipes from home (cooks)salad bar - customize your own salad (croutons)burritos, nachos, tacos, quesadillas and more (txmx)grab & go items (coho togo)stay updatedbike barn


davis ranks among the top college towns for biking, thanks to its excellent biking infrastructure and safety measures. the bike barn provides an essential service that keeps our campus pedaling on. if you are looking for a repair shop, bike, scooter accessories, a used bike at a low price, or new bike such as a cruiser, a city bike or e-bike, one of the 25 student trained employees can assist. don't forget to check out our helmet hair don't care program where you can get a free helmet when signing our pledge to ride safely!subscribe to the newsletter here   unitrans


the iconic unitrans red buses can get you anywhere around town safely and on schedule. free for undergraduates with your student id (available to all for a cash fare), unitrans is a davis staple. with over 250 student employees it is the true definition of students serving students, from the bus drivers to the mechanics. in february of 2024, unitrans celebrated its 100,000,000th rider! also, don't forget to check out the world-famous london double-deck fleet that were originally purchased in 1968 direct from london and are still in operation today.stay updated the california aggie


 what’s black, white, and newsworthy all over? it’s our premier campus newspaper, the california aggie! publishing online daily, the aggie has everything you need to stay in the know about all of the happenings throughout the davis community and, best of all — it’s free! get a copy of the latest scoop on thursdays at the following locations or online on their website! do you think you have something that’s fit to print? submit news items of interest managing@theaggie.org for editorial consideration!check out their website   what does asucd do?asucd hires 1600 student positions annually that support a diverse portfolio of programs, services, media and commercial units. at uc davis, asucd's units and services impact the daily life of students, touching upon various elements of campus life. did you know asucd is:picnic day, whole earth festival, pride festival, mental health conference, housing day and entertainment council to name just a fewunitrans, coho, bike barnthe pantry, a 5-acre community garden, aggie reusestudent government - executive, legislative & judicialkdvs 90.3fm, the california aggie, aggie studiosasucd redefined get involved!asucd welcomes everyone, and your involvement is invaluable to us.  from jobs, internships, and volunteering opportunities, there is a place you can make a difference!browse our job listings today!asucd vacanciesstay connectedget connected and stay updated with asucd by following us on facebook, instagram, and twitter.subscribe to our newsletter!subscribe

















university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: january 29, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.










