


la belle dame : miscarriage jewelry


























la belle dame : miscarriage jewelry









    miscarriage jewelry for baby loss
   










   welcome to our very special line of miscarriage jewelry for those who have experienced the loss of a baby by miscarriage or stillbirth during pregnancy, or during infancy. so often when a mother loses her pregnancy to miscarriage or stillbirth there is no place to go to feel connected to their baby, no place to grieve her loss. we created our miscarriage jewelry and infant loss jewelry to help mothers feel connected to their babies, to have a tangible something to touch and to lend them strength when they need it most. our miscarriage jewelry allows mothers to carry their babies next to their heart, and to celebrate the lives that they carried.
  

   when the rest of the world goes on like nothing has ever happened, sometimes the grieving mother needs that extra something special to hold onto that carries her baby's memory with her, where ever she goes. our miscarriage jewelry makes the perfect gift to show a grieving family that you acknowledge their loss, that you care, and want to lend your support. please see our miscarriage gift guide for help on choosing the perfect gift.
  





    fertility jewelry
   





   we are pleased to offer our exclusive line of fertility jewelry - created especially to help support mothers who are struggling to conceive. our pieces are crafted using carefully selected symbols and healing gemstones to honour and offer hope to all women on their journey to motherhood.


welcome to la belle dame, handcrafted jewelry in sterling silver, gem stones, and crystal by designer kimberly mcintyre. if you are looking for a unique gift to indulge yourself or somebody special, our unique line of necklaces, bracelets, and earrings is sure to entice and enthrall.
  






    baby loss and miscarriage sympathy cards
   





finally, a line of sympathy cards that address and acknowledge the needs of the many women and families who are devastated by the loss of a baby to miscarriage, stillbirth and infant loss - and the family and friends who long to be able to offer comfort and support them.


our sympathy cards are lovingly designed by the artist, kimberly mcintyre, and contain original poetry and words of comfort from a mom who has been through the loss of a baby, and understands.




  memorial jewelry for grandparents, aunts and family members
 


 after countless requests from grandmothers and aunts we have created a new poem card and jewelry to help support you through the grief of losing a much wanted baby in the family, as well as to show your support to the grieving mother - to let them know that they are not the only one's who celebrate and carry their baby's memory with them.











   our fertility bracelets were featured in conceive magazine!
  




 













miscarriage jewelry

miscarriage sympathy cards
infant loss jewelry
baby loss jewelry
memorial jewelry
pet memorial jewelry



fertility jewelry


pregnancy jewelry

infant bracelets


baby bracelets

moon and back jewelry


mother's necklaces
necklaces
rings
bracelets





miscarriage awareness
miscarriage poems
miscarriage quotes
miscarriage questions
miscarriage gift ideas





jewelry design, photos, and text copyright 2004 - 2025, kimberly mcintyre
kimberly also creates fine jewelry at kuriosities.



home  •
about the artist  •
policies  •
shipping  •
contact  •
wholesale















