













visitscotland - scotland's national tourist organisation | visitscotland



























































































































































































































































































































































 


























skip to:  main menu  search  content  footer our websitesvisitscotlandbusiness eventstravel tradetoolkitcorporatevisitscotlandbusiness eventstravel tradetoolkitcorporatelanguageen languageenglishespañolitalianodeutschnederlandsfrançaisvisitscotland home places to go all places to gocities all cities  aberdeen  dundee  dunfermline  edinburgh  glasgow  inverness  perth  stirling popular places ben nevis  cairngorms national park  glencoe  loch lomond  loch ness towns all towns  aviemore  dumfries  fort william  kirkwall  lerwick  oban  peebles  pitlochry  st andrews islands all islands  isle of arran  isle of islay  jura  lewis & harris  mull  orkney  outer hebrides  shetland  skye regions aberdeen & aberdeenshire  argyll & the isles  ayrshire & arran  dumfries & galloway  dundee & angus  edinburgh & the lothians  fife  glasgow & clyde valley  loch lomond, trossachs, stirling & forth valley  highlands  perthshire  scottish borders toggle menu things to do all things to doattractions all attractions  ancestry  scottish arts & culture  castles  free attractions  history & heritage  museums & galleries  rainy days  top 20 attractions  tv & film locations outdoor activities all outdoor activities  cycling  fishing  golf  horse riding  mountain biking  sailing  ski & snowsports  walking & hiking  watersports food & drink all food & drink  beer & breweries  gin tours & tastings  whisky & distilleries landscapes & nature all landscapes & nature  beaches  ben nevis  15 beautiful lochs in scotland  national parks  the northern lights in scotland  standing stones  wildlife watching tours, routes & trails all tours, routes & trails  islands & island hopping  itineraries  scotland's unesco trail  tours  walking trails events all events  edinburgh's summer festivals  highland games  music festivals toggle menu accommodation all accommodationhotels & lodgings b&bs & guesthouses  budget hotels  hostels  hotels  luxury hotels  restaurants with rooms & inns caravan & camping all caravan & camping  campervan, motorhome & caravan holidays  glamping  wild camping self catering all self catering  cabins & lodges  cottages  flats & apartments  hot tubs  large groups unique places all unique places  boats, barges & boathouses  brochs & blackhouses  castles  churches other accommodation accessible accommodation  eco accommodation  exclusive use venues  luxury accommodation  magical places to stay  pet friendly accommodation  romantic  wedding venues toggle menu travel & planning all travel & planningtravel to scotland from england & wales  from europe  from ireland  from north america  from other continents travel in scotland air  bus & coach  ferry  train driving in scotland all driving in scotland  car hire  driving routes  electric vehicles when to visit all when to visit  spring & easter  summer breaks  autumn breaks  winter, christmas & new year practical information eco-travel  faqs  holiday carbon calculator  passes & offers  passports & visas  weather ideas & advice travel blog  travel newsletter  icentre visitor information holiday types accessible holidays  beauty spots  budget-friendly holidays  countryside breaks  family holidays  farm stays  off the beaten track holidays  solo travel  weekend breaks  wellness retreats toggle menusearchtoggle menuwhat are you looking for?searchclose search formtoggle caption information snowfall at loch an eilein, rothiemurchus homeshare welcome to scotland your scottish adventure starts now. delve into a land steeped in history and legend, explore our dramatic landscapes and uncover our ancient celtic roots. vast lochs, glens and munros - easily accessible from our vibrant cities and towns - make scotland the perfect place to lose yourself.from crashing waves on our rugged coastlines to live trad music in our local pubs, step away from the everyday and experience a true scottish welcome.fàilte gu alba! inspiration for your trip things to see & do in scotland discover a wealth of things to see & do in scotland. scotland's landscapes, scenery & nature explore our ancient pine forests, arctic landscapes, coastal meadows and more. events & festivals in scotland there's something happening in scotland right now that the whole family will love. unusual accommodation in scotland fancy staying somewhere a little different? from castles to lighthouses, teepees to brochs, there's lots of unusual choices. scottish arts & culture enrich your cultural horizons and learn about all the fantastic galleries, cinemas, museums, and performances throughout scotland. scottish food & drink get a taste for scotland and discover the country's mouth-watering food and drink.pick of the month - celebrate world gaelic weekworld gaelic week / seachdain na gàidhlig takes place this february, making it the perfect time to get to know more about one of our most lyrical languages. this ancient language is still spoken in parts of the highlands and hebrides, where it weaves through communities, landscapes and more. here are some reads to immerse yourself in gaelic. 10 gaelic place names & their meaningsdiscover scottish gaelic place names and their meanings. including glasgow, the black isle, galloway, beauly and more! coorie words for winter in scotlandfind out which coorie words in gaelic, scots and doric have a winter connection in scotland. including words such as unbrak, flukra, flin and more! our scottish languages - dialects and phraseslearn more about the history of our scottish dialects. discover more about gaelic uncover scotland's regionstoggle caption information map of scotland where will you explore?from the rugged coastline to sparkling city lights, the ancient caledonian forests of the highlands to the rich history of the lowlands, there are plenty of places to start your scottish adventure.  8 places in scotland you must visit in 2025  scotland's 8 cities  scotland's islands  12 must-visit historic towns in scotland  view our map of scotland browse our travel blognot sure where to start? check out our list of what's new to spark your imagination.  11 relaxing outdoor saunas to visit in scotland stay warm in all elements of weather with an outdoor sauna experience in scotland.  11 magical sound and light shows in scotlandexplore events across scotland that celebrate sound, light and more during the darker autumnal and winter months. trees you can see in scotlanddiscover the trees you can see in scotland. be inspired by their unique stories and beauty, from scots pine and douglas fir to rowan and hazel. get to know orkney after seeing the outrunget inspired by the outrun and explore orkney's history, wildlife and geology which has shaped the island's beautiful landscapes. 8 stunning walks with foodie spots nearbyexplore some of scotland most scenic walks with foodie spots nearby to enjoy afterwards. 7 heavenly hot chocolate spots in edinburghdiscover some heavenly hot chocolate spots in edinburgh. including moo pie gelato, uplands roast, aemilia, mimi's bakehouse and more! visit our blog for more start planning your seasonal breakwhatever time of year you're coming, scotland's got you covered. immerse yourself in each unique season. spring holidays & breaks in scotland spring in scotland is a great time to visit. the longer days mean hours of playtime during your easter holiday and nature is bursting into life.  summer holidays & breaks in scotlandfind ideas and inspiration, from family days out to top camping spots, walks and outdoor activities. autumn breaksthere's lots to do during autumn in scotland. find inspiration for half-term breaks and autumn holidays from family days out to walks and activities. christmas & winter breaksthe weather may be chilly, but the welcome will be warm. you haven't seen anything like scotland's christmas celebrations.top tips for travelling to scotland driving an electric vehicle in scotland everything you need to know about driving, or hiring, an electric vehicle in scotland. weather in scotland what's the weather like in scotland? find out about weather throughout the year in scotland. passports, visas & customs coming from overseas? check the passport and visa requirements for visiting scotland. accommodation in scotland find the perfect accommodation for your break to scotland. holiday carbon calculator discover the impact your holiday in scotland will have on the environment using our carbon calculator. plan your holiday to scotland our guide gives you the tips you need to make the most of your trip, from where to go to the best time to visit. all you need to know about visiting scotland  your pictures of scotland cookies are needed to see social media images from this place. alternatively, you can head to our instagram account to see more great images of scotland. you can also access this content on our instagram page. manage cookie settings javascript needs to be enabled to see social media images for this place. you can turn this on in your browser settings.share onfacebookpinterestwhatsapptwitteremail find experiences  search a wide range of accommodation, events, food & drink options and things to do from indoor and outdoor attractions to activities, tours and more. javascript needs to be enabled to see this product search form. you can turn this on in your browser settings. join our newsletter clan  get scotland inspiration direct to your inbox. don't miss the inside track from our scotland experts on exciting trip ideas, unique attractions and hidden gems loved by locals.  get the scotland newsletter visitor informationvisitor informationvisitor information centresget in touchget in touchcontact usfeedback & complaintsget a free business listingsubmit an eventour other sitesour other sitesbusiness eventstravel tradetoolkitcorporatescotland is now find us on  find us on about usaccessibilityacceptable usecookiesenvironmental policyprivacysocial mediaterms of usebrand scotland © 2025  visitscotland. all rights reserved. 


























































































































































































































