



	hendrix college












































search









academics 
apply 
athletics 
cost & aid 
life at hendrix 
outcomes 
visit us 



students 
parents 
alumni 
faculty/staff 



log in 


 log in

 my campusweb
 webmail



news
giving












menu









students 
parents 
alumni 
faculty/staff 




search









log in 


 log in

 my campusweb
 webmail



news
giving



















academics
apply
athletics
cost & aid
life at hendrix
outcomes
visit us




















come to hendrix

plan your visit
apply to hendrix














be challenged.
a liberal arts education isn’t easy. you don’t just “learn a little about a lot.” you read, think, write, argue, change your mind, and shape your unique view of the world. you constantly discover. it happens in lectures and labs, in recital halls and residence halls. it happens on the playing field and in field research. it doesn’t stop. that’s hendrix.









engaged learning













be engaged.
here, you don’t just take notes and take tests. you learn to take chances and to make the whole world your classroom. the hendrix odyssey program ensures every student has more opportunity and more support for hands-on learning experiences than at any other institution. we strongly encourage study abroad, service projects, internships, undergraduate research and more. that’s engaged learning at hendrix.
learn about the hendrix odyssey program









our faculty













be supported.
you can’t hide from hendrix faculty in small classes. but don’t worry. they’re here to help. they care. not just whether you pass, fail or get the perfect grade. they want you to get the most out of hendrix and be ready for life after college. that’s teaching at hendrix … and that’s why hendrix was named #8 for “best undergraduate teaching" by u.s. news & world report.





















be ready.

                            we’re here to help you transition from a student to a leader on campus and beyond. whether you want to be an artist or accountant, ceo or scientist, mathematician or minister, hendrix offers 30 majors and 33 minors to put you on your path. haven’t made up your mind? we help you prepare for graduate or professional school, the workforce and the world. that’s a liberal arts degree from hendrix.
                        







majors


majors: accounting

majors: art: studio art

majors: biochemistry/ molecular biology

majors: biology

majors: chemical physics

majors: chemistry

majors: classics

majors: computer science

majors: economics

majors: economics and business

majors: english: creative writing

majors: english: film and media studies

majors: english: literary studies

majors: environmental studies

majors: french

majors: health science

majors: history

majors: interdisciplinary studies

majors: mathematics

majors: music

majors: philosophy

majors: physics

majors: politics

majors: psychology

majors: religious studies

majors: sociology/ anthropology: anthropology emphasis

majors: sociology/ anthropology: sociology emphasis

majors: spanish

majors: study of the mind

majors: theatre arts





majors: >show more




minors 


minors: accounting 

minors: africana studies 

minors: anthropology 

minors: applied mathematics 

minors: art: art history 

minors: art: studio art 

minors: asian studies 

minors: biology 

minors: business 

minors: chemistry 

minors: classics 

minors: computer science 

minors: dance 

minors: data analytics 

minors: economics 

minors: english: film and media studies 

minors: english: literary studies 

minors: french 

minors: gender and sexuality studies 

minors: history 

minors: mathematics 

minors: music 

minors: neuroscience

minors: philosophy 

minors: physics 

minors: politics 

minors: psychology 

minors: religious studies 

minors: social justice 

minors: sociology 

minors: spanish 

minors: theatre arts





minors: show more




pre-professional programs


pre-professional: engineering (3/2 program)

pre-professional: foreign service
pre-professional: health related fields


pre-professional: dentistry

pre-professional: medicine

pre-professional: nursing

pre-professional: occupational therapy

pre-professional: pharmacy

pre-professional: physical therapy

pre-professional: physician assistant

pre-professional: public health with uams

pre-professional: veterinary medicine



pre-professional: law

pre-professional: ministry

pre-professional: social work

pre-professional: teaching





pre-professional: show more


sample interdisciplinary studies majors

                                hendrix students can design their own degree — connecting courses 
	and working independently with faculty from across campus. interdisciplinary 
	studies majors help hendrix students follow their own path built on a foundation 
	of broad liberal arts education and faculty support.
                            


interdisciplinary: applied mathematics

interdisciplinary: art of the codex

interdisciplinary: the business of green theater

interdisciplinary: conflict resolution (pdf)

interdisciplinary: human rights (pdf)

interdisciplinary: international journalism (pdf)

interdisciplinary: mathematical economics (pdf)

interdisciplinary: middle eastern studies (pdf)

interdisciplinary: organizational leadership (pdf)

interdisciplinary: religion, globalization and culture (pdf)

interdisciplinary: social justice (pdf)




interdisciplinary: show more






show more

















be active.

                            our campus doesn’t close when class is dismissed. hendrix students fill their days with everything from arts and athletics to special events and speakers. more than 70 student clubs and organizations represent everything from academics and activism to civics and service. that’s student life at hendrix.
                        











the birthday experience












the birthday experience
it's your birthday? woohoo! we’re ready to celebrate you with some unique hendrix traditions. hope you like cake, singing ... and swimming.






club scene












club scene
more than 70 student clubs and organizations, from the outdoor club and ultimate frisbee team to groups for service and social activism, means student life doesn't end when class is dismissed.






intercollegiate athletics












intercollegiate athletics
hendrix student-athletes combine sportsmanship and scholarship. we offer 21 ncaa division iii intercollegiate sports and nationally recognized wellness and athletic facilities.






recreation and wellness












recreation and wellness

                                                        hendrix students get fit and have fun at the wellness and athletics center (wac), the home of our intramural sports program, climbing wall and fitness center, plus individual and group wellness programs.
                                                    






religious life












religious life
hendrix students can integrate their faith with college life in lots of ways, from weekly chapel services and fellowship meals to bible study and ministry exploration groups. we offer a welcoming and robust religious life program on campus.






residence life












residence life

                                                        see how hendrix students live, work and play together. and learn why living on campus is the heart of the hendrix experience for students. residence halls are the home and hub of life on campus, hosting social events and serving the community.
                                                    
























be at home.
welcome to a place that celebrates uniqueness. at hendrix, you won’t find fraternities and sororities, reserved parking for the president or outsourced dining service. that’s not us. like our students, we have a history of taking a different path. here you find untraditional traditions like shirttails and campus kitty. you find friendly people like our national award-winning dining services staff who know your name, ask you how your test went, and offer cake and a song on your birthday. they make hendrix … hendrix.









visit campus













our beautiful campus
our campus is 175 acres of gorgeous … with academic buildings for the arts, humanities and sciences, historic residence halls and student apartments, and a new student life and technology center and wellness and athletics center. between the red brick buildings, the fountain and flower beds, you’ll find challenge and support, work and play, pecan shells and squirrels. lots of squirrels. they make hendrix … hendrix.
is hendrix right for you? schedule your visit today and see for yourself. meet our students and see why they chose hendrix. get to know our faculty and hear how they challenge students to be their best.
visit our campus









our place













conway, arkansas
why would a student come to conway, arkansas? because friendly folks are easy to find and happy to help — whether it’s finding internship and employment opportunities, exploring the capital city 30 minutes away or enjoying outdoor adventures in the buffalo national river and ozark and ouachita mountains.





















be awesome.

                            our alumni are proof that you can do anything with a liberal arts degree from hendrix. community leaders, ceos, stage and screen actors, elected officials, physicians, pulitzer prize winners and pentagon advisors are just a few of our alumni success stories.
                        













chelsey bryant krug
aerospace engineer. with a reach that stretches as far as pluto.

physics major 
                                        ,
                                        class of 2001



                                    currently the production manager for the laboratory for atmospheric and space physics (lasp), chelsey bryant krug began her post-graduate project at lasp in 2002. the payoff came in 2015, when the new horizons spacecraft carrying her work completed its journey to pluto. and that isn’t all; her portfolio includes projects that have launched to study earth's atmosphere, the moon, the sun, and mars.
                                









anna ragni
studies our past to understand our present

sociology/anthropology major 
                                        ,
                                        class of 2012



                                    in pursuing a ph.d. in comparative biology at the american museum of natural history, anna ragni gets to focus on her passions: human origins and primate evolution. by studying elements of the fossil record, she’s learning more about the evolution of locomotion among primates–including why humans move the way we do today.
                                











nathan thomas
watson fellow. entrepreneur for education.

anthropology/sociology  major,
                                        class of 2010



                                    for his hendrix odyssey, he explored ways to improve third-graders’ test scores in forrest city. as a watson fellow, he visited three continents to study educational philosophy. now, nathan thomas lives his passion for learning by developing the clinton foundation’s k-12 educational programs. and when he’s not doing world-changing work for that global nonprofit, he’s volunteering with tedxmarkhamst, the arkansas association for black professionals, and create little rock.
                                









daniel ellis
brings operas to life.

psychology major with a theatre arts minor,
                                        class of 1996



                                    there’s new ground to be broken in the way classic operas are staged, and daniel ellis is part of the excavation crew. ever seen the magic flute with the visual flair of 1920s silent film? add projection of hand-drawn animation, including 800 video cues that the opera singers interact with, and you have a production he has directed in the u.s. and europe. 
                                



















be smart.
hendrix is one of the best liberal arts colleges in the country (one of the “most innovative national liberal arts colleges” — u.s. news & world report). with the financial aid we offer, we’re also one of the most affordable. nearly 100% of enrolling students receive financial assistance, and our average financial aid package is well over $100,000 over four years.









financial aid & scholarships






                                    a nationally recognized hendrix education is affordable, thanks to:
                                

the tuition advantage program - all admitted students will be considered for an award which will match the published, in-state tuition at the flagship university in their home state
scholarships for academic achievement, leadership and service experience, and fine arts performance
low-interest long-term loans, grants and other types of aid, including student employment programs such as federal work study



complete and submit the free application for federal student aid (fafsa) form, available online at www.fafsa.gov, to be considered for federal, state and institutional aid
enter the hendrix code, 001099, on the fafsa to apply at hendrix.
don’t assume that your family does not qualify for need-based assistance and skip this important step. the only way to make sure that you are eligible to be considered for need-based assistance at hendrix is to submit the fafsa.


visit the financial aid site to learn more

















be here.

                            get a head start on your college plans —
                            
                            don’t put off applying to hendrix.
                        












early action i admission deadline is nov. 15





early action ii admission deadline is feb. 1





regular admission begins after feb. 1











get started now!







the common application

                                using the common application is the easiest way to apply to hendrix.
                                instructions and online help are available at the common app website.
                            
apply: common app get started


hendrix college application

                                click here to start the hendrix application.
                            
apply: hendrix app get started













be inquisitive.

                    is hendrix right for you? are you right for hendrix? there's only one way to find out. request more information. give us your name and email, and let's start a conversation.
                










request information















hendrix college

1600 washington avenue
conway,
                            arkansas
72032
usa


n 35° 05.89380
w 92° 26.55150


work
501-329-6811


work toll-free
1-800-277-9017

map & directions





about hendrix
academic calendars
athletics
apply to hendrix
bailey library
campus web
hendrix leadership
job opportunities
majors/minors
make a gift
news center
public events
spirit store
title ix / non-discrimination
wac






facebook
twitter
youtube
flickr
instagram
soundcloud
vimeo
linkedin






content on this site may require a pdf reader. please visit https://get.adobe.com/reader to install reader software to access this content.










