vermyndax's lair


overview

posts
561

vermyndax🙀vermyndax
vermyndaxin solitude, where we are least alone.
southeast us
jasonmiller88@icloud.com
https://galaxycow.comorganizations





overview

posts
561popular posts
2025 is hours awaywhat’s a man to do with the last few hours of 2024?
life

musings
reflections addendumhilariously enough i forgot to mention one of the things that has really plagued me this year. my memory.i’ve been getting a little freaked out about how poor my memory has been getting. i keep forgetting simple things, like… words… names… places. i keep forgetting to do things. i keep forgetting entire portions of my life, almost like there’s a black hole slurping it all up and waiting to pull me down with it.
zelle sucksapple.news/a1jrhv3dutswcvjisppciowleave it to the banks to create a shitshow like this. this is why apple and google did their own thing.
banks

finance

technology

zelle
reflections on 20242024 is at and end and i thought i would sit and write, stream of consciousness-style, about things that i remember. some of this is going to be pretty raw emotion and if you’re not up for that, please tap out now.overall it’s been a pretty good year. i’ve been at peace on a great many things and struggling with others. technology-wise i am still rolling with four main devices: an m1 max macbook pro with 32gb of ram (devika), an iphone 16 pro 1tb (downsized from a 15 pro max and don’t miss the size one bit), an apple watch s10 (gave my ultra 1 to my middle daughter who frustratingly doesn’t use it… i should have just traded it in), and an m4 ipad pro that i absolutely adore and am forcing myself to use more often. i’m trying to understand the decisions and trade offs that were made with ipados and lean into them rather than letting my old age muscle memory take over. i find myself asking questions like… “do i really need a professional file manager or should i just let the apps take over their space and manage files on the apps themselves?” that seems like the way apple wanted it. i’m trying to adapt. i very much love the focus afforded by the device and opportunities for creativity.
blog

cloud

development

ios

ipad
google's terraform is nonsensewhy does this work:private_ipv4_google_access = "true"…but this doesn’t:private_ipv6_google_access = "true"this anomaly comes to you courtesy of google’s “google_compute_subnetwork” terraform resource. a gander at the documentation says this:ok. what are the acceptable inputs there? the examples in the documentation provide exactly zero guidance. you either have to go look at the go code for the resource or do a lot of trial and error. the trial and error is especially fun because they didn’t put any checking around that field whatsoever. it would happily accept “true” but then set it to “disable_google_access” after your terraform runs. then on your next apply, you’d see this:
cloud

terraform
you can’t roll againi want to feastbut i’m not hungry.i want to drinkbut i’m not thirsty.pink toes turn yellow when clenched tight.tomorrow i will push the same buttonsclick the same linksread the same bullshit.pointlessness abounds.tripping through a meadow where all the grass is dead.no bloom.once i was hungry.once i was thirsty.i can’t even remember that once.lessmorepost activitytheme by github-style