



gideons international | let&#39;s spread the good news















































                    donate now
                


menu




improving technology, supporting ministry -- starting september 1, 2024, we will transition to a new technology system, which may make this site unavailable for up to four days. we appreciate your understanding as we make these enhancements to improve the ministry.



let’s spread the good news

get involved
give now


give now
get involved



 







                        for the millionswho still wait...
                    

                       giving
                    
you can help spark faith through the power of god's word by giving to the scripture fund.

                         + share scriptures
                    








            from shackles to freedom
            

               testimony
           
for years, kylen hunt wandered through life, restless and miserable. though his efforts led to material success, his soul longed for something more. then, a story from the old testament got his attention and forever changed his perspective.

+ watch now









                       the gospel in a theme park
                    

                       ministry
                    
when jack herschend moved to the ozarks at 17, he had never heard the name of jesus. after crossing paths with a determined traveling salesman with a powerful message of hope, he was driven to seek the proof that would transform his life.

+ read more









                     eagerness for the gospel in the philippines
                    

                      scripture blitz
                    
when god’s faithfulness aligns with the obedience of his people, amazing things unfold. earlier this year, gideons and auxiliary gathered in quezon city for the 2024 philippines international scripture blitz. against several challenges, discover how their perseverance led to over 800,000 people being touched by the word of god.

+ read more




















who are the gideons?



            disciples of all nations
        

            we are a body of believers dedicated to making the word of god available to everyone and, together with the local church, reaching souls for christ.
        


                the gideons international is the result of a meeting between two men who wished to band commercial travelers together for evangelism. what began in 1908 as an association of christian businessmen placing bibles in hotel rooms has evolved into an expanding mission to provide scriptures to all people in nearly every facet of life. today, we have taken more than 2 billion scriptures in more than 95 languages to 200 countries, territories, and possessions across the globe.
            

                we exist as an advocate for the lost, to bring them the saving knowledge of the word through not only placing and distributing scriptures, but also through personal witnessing and by associating together for service. as a united force for the gospel, we remain rooted in tradition, but we operate under the firm belief that anyone can be a valuable asset to this invaluable cause. we provide many opportunities to partner with us through either prayer or financial support. join us, and let's spread the good news.
                
                    + learn more
                







 

×




planned site maintenance



tgi's public and member-facing websites will undergo scheduled maintenance starting monday, january 20 from 12:00pm ct to 4:30pm ct. maintenance that cannot be completed during that window is scheduled for tuesday, january 21 (similar time frame). users may experience outages during this time.





continue to site



















×












                    suggested for you
                




                                get involved
                            

                                learn how you can partner with us and contribute to this worldwide effort.
                            

                                + learn more
                            






                                read the bible
                            

                                read through the bible in a year using our daily bible reading calendar or by downloading the gideon bible app.
                            

                                + read now
                            

















member login


donate


blog


resources


about


get involved




contact


financials


careers


privacy policy


terms of use


faq


gideoncards





                newsletter
            



                    + subscribe
                








v




            ©  2025 | all rights reserved
        

            powered by caddis












close








                        member login
                    



                        donate
                    



                        blog
                    



                        resources
                    



                                read the bible
                            



                                become a christian
                            





                        about
                    



                        get involved
                    



                                become a friend
                            




                                make a donation
                            



                                the life book
                            





                        faq
                    



                        contact
                    




                        careers
                    



                        gideoncards
                    





select country
                australia
brazil

deutschland

india
日本
대한민국
nigeria
norge
philippines
中華民國
south africa
suomi

united states











;















