




 


california groundwater association - home



 




welcome to the
california
groundwater
association


log in













protecting and providing groundwater for all of california
 











home




about



contact cga




leadership




zones




bylaws




cga standard practices




news




legislation




insurance and safety




scholarships




classifieds




store




links




advertise




privacy policy







membership



join us




renew membership







events




find a contractor




scholarship fund




members only

















 
who we are:
the california groundwater association (cga) is a non-profit organization representing all segments of the groundwater industry in california. our members include water well drilling and pump contractors, hydrogeologists, engineers, hydrologists, manufacturers and suppliers, government employees and others working in the groundwater field. cga was founded in 1948 and was known as the associated drilling contractors (adc) until 1986 when the name was changed to emphasize the organization's involvement with all aspects of the groundwater field.

















 
groundwater awareness week  

as a ngwa affiliate organization member, we are proud to partner with ngwa to share with you that groundwater awareness week (gwaw) is taking place march 10-16, 2024! this annual event highlights the responsible development, management, and use of groundwater, the event is also a platform to encourage yearly water well testing and well maintenance, and the promotion of policies impacting groundwater quality and supply. groundwater advocates across the state and country also use gwaw to highlight local water issues in their communities. ngwa and its partners will be focusing their advocacy on promoting professional opportunities in the groundwater industry. according to the american geosciences institute, nationally there are more than 135,000 open positions in the industry now, which is far too high to keep up with consumer demand. to learn more about groundwater awareness week and how you can participate and/or promote the event, please visit: https://www.ngwa.org/get-involved/groundwater-awareness-week/groundwater-awareness-week








become a member

joining cga shows your commitment to high industry standards, wise use and protection of groundwater, and your support of programs that benefit industry professionals.join us


insurance corner

cga members have access to great business and personal insurance products through cga partners at usi and q&a insurance marketing inc. click here to learn more. (please note this link goes to the members-only section of the site; if you have problems accessing this, please contact the cga office.)


board meetings

cga board meeting scheduletbaplease note that dates and locations are subject to change.

 




















thank you to our 2022 sustaining sponsor!
robert and joan murphy family foundation
 
california groundwater association1017 l street, pmb #312, sacramento, ca 95814-3805p: 916.231.2134 | e: info@groundh2o.org





















powered by wild apricot membership software












