







rpg gaming tools for alternity, dungeons and dragons 3rd edition, etc.


    
welcome to the rpa roleplaying software web site - now freeware




home




products and screenshots




		more screenshots




registering




downloads




news




faq




		online rpa help


 
how to reach us




forums and tech support


 
misc/add ons


free
		
		character drawings


 
 
 



rated five stars on zdnet









the generic software to generate characters for your roleplaying games since
1991.



the roleplaying assistant(rpa) is a
computer gaming aid for role playing games.
this
character generator is compatible
    with the following role playing game systems:


advanced dungeons and dragons(2nd, 3rd and
    3.5 edition), 
star wars rpg (d6) 
star wars rpg (d20, in beta)
d20 modern rpg
cyberpunk 2020 rpg
alternity rpg
rolemaster (2n edition)
in nomine satanis magna  veritas (french version by croc, 
  v3 and v4).
dragonballz(in beta)
    

rpa also gives you access to a full set of gaming tools usable for any role
playing game systems:

a name generator with many name styles (sf, tolkien,
    japanese, etc) and a list of 6000 real names for your rpg characters.
spell book generator  (with complete spell descriptions).
    keeps tracks of your spells for you.
monster and encounter generator
weather generator, gives you weather forecast for the days to
come
party
    generator, creates a whole party in a single
click
dice roller  to automate complex dice
    throwing
fractal world generator,
create maps of entire planets
dungeon mapper, create graphical maps for your dungeons
the  dungeon master report will print a
    summary of the characters for you
a complete background generator, get a
    detailed description of your character
a treasure generator, available
    from the randomizer module. will generate a treasure based on ad&d 3rd
    edition rules.
the randomizer module, will
    generate about anything you can think of and you can customize it the way
    you want.
modify the reports, the report
    generator is a powerful tool enabling you to customize the output of any
    report produced by rpa.

and some other nice features

templates available to print blank
    equipment, background, time tracking and many other sheets
customize the database definition sets to
    add your own new worlds, skills, gear, spells, languages, races, classes,
    professions, etc.
import and export your characters,
    exchange them via email for your pebm campaigns. a single click can email a
    character.
customize the reports to your needs,
    create your own character sheet.
and much much more...

preview
some screenshots


forum poll
vote for your favourite game in the forum


critics loved it!

what zdnet's 5 stars rating has to say about it
" roleplaying assistant is a
multifaceted utility for three different rpg games: cyberpunk 2020,
ad&d, and star wars. in addition to character creation, it can
generate names, spellbooks, and gear; it even has a dice roller. this
major update sports a completely revamped interface. it's friendly and
simple to understand, if somewhat cluttered; large, clearly labeled
buttons dominate the screen, with grid displays of characteristics and
scores underneath. roleplaying assistant lets you augment the rules of
the games as well; you can set your own default values for abilities,
level-ups, encounters, and so on. players will find roleplaying
assistant useful for character creation, but dungeon masters will save
countless hours using its powerful automated attribute generation
capabilities to define the npcs (non-playing characters) and pcs
(playing characters)"
what betabytes has to say about it
"a very well-thought-out design, an
actually "helpful" help file, and the enormous amount of features makes
the roleplaying assistant a "must" for all roleplayers. i recommend
this one."
click here for full review
 
soft 32 gave 5 stars out of 5 , so did many others.







 
some user comments on rpa
"i would like to say, that i love this program, and it's well worth the
money."  , henry
"hey, i love the rpa. it makes character generating so easy" ,
patrick
"let me congradulate you on a very good product. i really like what i
see", john
"i am using your wonderfull product and it really streamlines my
character creation", adam
"the best utility that enhanced role-playing.", david
"as a long time gm i am very impressed" , eric
 


1
. 