




 

dallas divorce & family lawyer | raggio & raggio, pllc. | call now (214) 880-7500










































 




 
















                                (214) 880-7500                                call us





find us



  call us 



search
                            














menu  homefirm historyattorneysarticlesnews blogtestimonialscontact 















                                (214) 880-7500                                call us





find us



  call us 



search
                            






















family law topics:







divorce 







how a texas divorce case works 



 


gray divorce 



 


high net worth divorce 



 


property division 



 


spousal support/alimony 



 


dealing with the family business in divorce 



 


social media and electronic evidence in texas divorce cases 



 


what is considered a successful outcome in a divorce? 



 


the top misconceptions about the divorce process 



 


the impact of legal same-sex marriage on texas family law 



 


other marital and family law matters 







prenuptial and postnuptial agreements 



 


common law marriage 



 


divorce planning/asset protection 



 


can someone establish a pre-marital agreement if they are married? 



 


do people view a pre-marital agreement in a negative light? 



 


estate divorce planning & probate 







wills & trusts 



 


medical directives & powers of attorney 



 


probate 



 


avoiding probate 



 


child issues 







child custody & modifications 



 


child support & modifications 



 


contempt & enforcement 



 


paternity & parentage 



 


international child custody & abduction 



 


newsletter/blog 



 



client testimonials

i was referred to ken raggio by a friend and neighbor who used ken raggio to represent her in her divorce. she was very happy with his representation of her, so i consulted with ken and he recommended that, due to the facts of the case, i was financially better off staying married to my husband as long as possible. basically a year or so later i found out that my husband had filed for divorce, so i hired ken. we then had a meeting of the two lawyers with the two parties to discuss having an efficient and amicable divorce proceeding. over the next several months we exchanged sworn inventories and each other’s financial records. the case was set for trial, but we settled it in a mediation a month before trial and after both sides knew what the whole story was.

additionally, ken helped me walk through the emotional issues of dealing with the end of a long-term marriage. i am grateful for his support and guidance.

i’m very pleased with the services that i received from ken and his firm and highly recommend them.

 

-sds-
i looked up international divorce on the web. i found ken raggio. i was also referred to him by an attorney who knows the reputation of the raggio’s in the dallas legal community and specifically in divorce and family law.

specifically, my husband and i had last lived together at his home in germany. which meant that this was an international divorce case. my goals were very clear: i wanted to get a divorce, instead of spending months or years and a small fortune dealing with jurisdictional issues that arise all the time in international divorces.

so ken devised a straightforward and efficient plan to try and help me achieve my goal.

and it worked! i went to court with ken just three months after the divorce was filed and got my divorce granted.

b.g.
i talked to tom raggio a couple years ago about filing for divorce and authorized him to do it, but later changed my mind. i can’t get back those two years, but i finally called the raggio’s again. this time with my and tom’s agreement, ken raggio met with me. ken was very direct with me in indicating that everything was my choice. he asked this question: are you willing to take the risk that you be in the same place two years from now that you were two years ago? over a couple of weeks, i realized that our attempts to deal with my spouses alcoholism that cost us many thousand dollars and really hadn’t worked out to make the marriage worthwhile. so reluctantly, so i filed for divorce. ken suggested that we draw up a complete package to be able to settle the case. this took a lot of work, but ken was able to attach all the paperwork necessary to resolve the case with my spouse in my case and these other settlement papers attached with the papers that would be served or delivered by the process server to my spouse.

with very few changes, this became the deal that my spouse and i agreed on and that the court approved by signing the decree of divorce.

i am very pleased with the guidance and comfort that ken raggio and the raggio firm has given to me in finally dealing with my dead marriage, and giving me the encouragement to move on with my life. and i’m sure it will be a happier life!

i highly recommend ken and his firm.

c.f.
my child’s father and i had an amicable divorce a couple years ago. our possession schedule went okay for a while with little changes here and accommodations there working out. i didn’t even really pay attention to the fact that he wasn’t paying what he agreed he would pay. i even took or picked up our child at the father’s work in another county to help him out.

it wasn’t long before my agreements and accommodations to the father led to his bullying of me. this eventually led to me saying we should follow the possession schedule that we had agreed to at the time of divorce. well, he didn’t like that, and he responded with more bullying, filing a pleading seeking to have temporary custody of our child and filing an untruthful 33 point affidavit. so here i am with a lawsuit.

i was referred to ken raggio by another lawyer who is also listed as a d magazine best lawyer. he looked over the pleadings and affidavit, and said that this was bogus, but that i still had to defend myself.

well 5 court appearances over five months ( the father appealed the denial of his initial requests by the associate judge to the district judge, and lost again) and a final trial, ken’s advice was borne out: the father was completely denied all relief he sought, my child support was raised almost a thousand dollars a month, and i was awarded $20,000 in my attorneys fees for the father to pay. and he has to pick up and deliver our child at my house, or to our child’s school, which both are in a different county that the father lives in.

i didn’t expect to have to hire ken this year, but i am glad that i did. not only did he set the table to deny the father’ relief, but he also got sworn testimony submitted in trial showing that the father had lied in filing his federal tax returns by wrongly saying he had paid for day care and was the primary parent. i think the father now knows that i have a strong attorney just in case he is thinking about starting up his bullying again.

i highly recommend ken and his firm.

 

a. w.
my husband suddenly filed for divorce last year, and even though we had not been getting along, the filing was a shock to me. my husband sat at our kitchen table and told me that he had drawn up an agreement that was “fair and equitable”. he told me that i would not need an attorney, because he had hired an attorney that would be “ours.” he insisted spending more money on attorneys would be a waste.

despite my husband’s reassurance that he was doing the best thing for me and our two young children, i decided to speak to an attorney. somehow, i was lucky enough to have a friend suggest raggio and raggio and i made an appointment. within 20 minutes of meeting with ken raggio, he had already pulled up the information on my house (that my husband and i shared since before the birth of our first daughter), only to learn that i in fact, (and contrary to what i had been told), i was not an owner of the house. unfortunately, ken had the duty of showing me the bad news; i was on the deed of trust, but not the deed. so in essence, i was financially responsible for the house, but had no ownership in our home. additionally, my husband had emptied our bank accounts of over six figures and put it beyond my reach. essentially, i had nothing. i was left to borrow money and bounce checks in order to take care of the children and pay for child care. he had the house. he took the money. he had more than half a million dollars in retirement; and i did not even have enough money to hire an attorney. or so i thought...

ken raggio also informed me that my husband had hired a very aggressive lawyer whose only position was that my husband was “right about everything and i should just agree to his terms because he was being generous” in that so-called generous offer, my husband got his house (after all, it was his separate property) and i got a little bit of savings, got child support, my car, and my retirement. to quote ken, “this would be the deal you would get in your worst day in court.” and so our divorce started in earnest.

well, we had to set various matters down for a hearing before the court that would get him to move off of his “my way or the highway” view of the divorce and of life in general. so we got temporary orders about my use of the house, about support, use of credit cards, and payment of attorneys and legal expenses. oh, yeah, we also managed to get my husband’s huge and upcoming bonus frozen so he could not try and hide that from me or our children.

even though it was a contentious and expensive divorce, i am smiling: i got the house with (with the mortgage paid in full) and my children have the stability of staying in the only home they have ever known. additionally, i got my retirement, a car, and above guideline child support. i have more enthusiasm at work and more time with my children.

moving forward, life is good. i am stronger than i could have ever imagined and i fought for what i knew was right; but, i truly believe that i would not have been able to do so without ken raggio and his firm. only now do i understand that practicing law seems to be a delicate balance of timing, emotional support, stern advice, and knowing the law. ken raggio has that delicate balance down to a science.

i am extremely grateful to ken raggio and his firm for helping me get the courage and resolve to fight for myself and my children, and as ken said, to get my husband’s “foot off of my neck.” i highly recommend ken and his firm.

arb

 


         read more    


email us
bold labels are required.











i have read the 


disclaimer.
                


the use of the internet or this form for communication with the firm or any individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client relationship. confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent through this form.
close




privacy policy

submit the form



 

dallas divorce lawyers
raggio & raggio, pllc | we’re all about your future- consult with us to find out what that future can be!
at raggio & raggio, pllc, we are focused on helping our clients make the best legal decisions during some of the most challenging times in their lives. as nationally recognized leaders in divorce and family law, our attorneys are known for their strategic thinking, and compassionate personal service. honored by listings in  best lawyers in america and d magazine best lawyers in dallas, tom and ken raggio lead the providing of quality legal services to clients.
we offer consultations at a reduced charge.  why?  because folks deserve to meet with the best and to find out what will work–or not work in the client’s particular situation.  who do you think you ought to rely on to evaluate you situation–a lawyer referral lawyer or one who is recognized as being as one of the best?  and in many cases, we can do a virtual consultation.
the raggio name has been a mainstay of the dallas’ family law community for more than five decades. while we are proud to be one of the city’s first family law firms, it is the future of our clients that intrigues and motivates us.
providing quality legal services in dallas, texas, and throughout north texas–and particularly in consultations
based in dallas, raggio & raggio, pllc has been representing individuals and families throughout north texas since 1956. our attorneys know how to help our clients because they understand the emotional and financial stakes involved in divorce, property division,  complex divorce, child custody and other legal matters.
we resolve cases in a manner that fits each of our client’s needs. whether you are able to come to an agreement through the collaborative or mediation processes, or traditional settlement processes with the other party, or whether we proceed with traditional litigation, our lawyers have the knowledge and the proven  skills to help you achieve your legal goals. most importantly, we will protect your best interests, ensuring that the legal steps we take with you today will benefit your life tomorrow and for years to come. you need to find out in a consultation how your goals and interests interact with reality and the law.
texas super lawyers | *av preeminent rated | best law firms 2013-2014-2015-2016-2017-2018-2019-2020-2021(tier one)
we have been recognized by our peers as knowing what we’re doing and getting results for our clients.
our team of texas family law attorneys comprises kenneth g. raggio, thomas l. raggio, and  grier h. raggio (of senior status). together, our lawyers offer our clients an unparalleled level of legal experience in the family law field. learn more about the achievements our shareholders and lawyers offer our clients by reviewing our firm history and attorney profiles.
making for a better tomorrow, today | contact raggio & raggio, pllc
we invite you to contact raggio & raggio, pllc at (214) 880-7500 today to schedule a confidential consultation with our lawyers regarding your divorce, premarital agreement, or other family law matters. our law office hours are monday through friday from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. evening and weekend appointments can be arranged upon request. virtual consultations are easily arranged which allows  out of county and even out-of-state consultations.
firm associate, son, nephew, and grandson jeff raggio died in a tragic accident on may 3rd, 2014. the family and firm greatly appreciates the outpouring of love and support expressed since then.
*av® preeminent ™ is a certification mark of reed elsevier properties inc., used in accordance with the martindale-hubbell certification procedures, standards and policies. best law firm (tier 1) is a designation by u.s.news & world report. texas superlawyers is a designation by thompsonreuters. tom and ken raggio have been listed in best lawyers in america for all years since 2009.
this website contains a number of detailed articles about divorce and family law, including how a texas divorce case works, which has been viewed over a quarter million times. that article and other are available on the articles page.
about raggio & raggio, pllc

louise raggio
raggio & raggio, pllc is a nationally-recognized leader in divorce and family law, providing quality legal services in dallas, texas and throughout north texas, as well as influencing law-making at the highest policy levels.
read more about co-founder louise raggio, called “the mother of family law in texas” and our history 
ken raggio has been selected by his peers for inclusion as  best lawyers in dallas for 2014,  2015, 2016, and 2017, published by  d magazine. tom raggio was selected  for years 2003, 2005, 2007, 2009 and  2018. tom and ken are both listed as texas superlawyers   and a-v rated by martindale-hubbell, and are both have been selected for over a decade to be honored in  listings in best lawyers in america.






attorneys at raggio & raggio, pllc



kenneth raggio
shareholder

kenneth raggio is one of texas’ most knowledgeable family law attorneys and applies that knowledge to divorce, child custody and visitation, negotiating complex property settlements and post-divorce modifications. a frequent author and lecturer on family law topics and selected by his peers for… 
view bio



thomas raggio
shareholder

thomas raggio is noted for his exceptional rapport with clients and diplomatic negotiating skills, as well as his gentlemanly but shrewd approach to such family law matters as divorce, child custody, divorce involving a family business or business assets, and modifications to divorce decrees.
view bio






get help now






main office


 
                 6440 n. central expy, suites 712-714  turley law center  dallas, tx 75206  

phone: (214) 880-7500   find ken raggio on google+


















raggio & raggio, pllc is based in dallas, texas. we represent clients throughout north texas, in the cities of dallas, plano, frisco, mckinney, allen, richardson, irving, highland park, university park, park cities, garland, mesquite, rockwall, fort worth and denton, as well as dallas county, denton county, tarrant county and rockwall county.




copyright © 2019 by raggio & raggio, pllc. all rights reserved. disclaimer | privacy policy | terms of use | law firm marketing.





















