

doc hemp and becky hemp's blog






  
		welcome todoc and becky hemp's blog site!
		



		 this is no longer my dental site, even though it was never an advertisement for new patients and i didn't ever give any contact info, 
		 the new ca law requires too much private info, photos, etc on employees   so ... it is now a blog on many subjects and not a dental website! 
		 pictured below is our waiting room 
		 









 







 conservative dentistry means looking for reasons not to drill! what god gave us is much better than the best of us can do! 



 	"if you don't care that much about your own teeth"
 	"you need to find a dentist that thinks as little of them as you do!" 




my nikon d800 hobby photos  



 

  i hope to never retire! my heros are  dr. bob .. robert 
  horseman dds .. he was a fighter pilot in wwii, humor columnist for the ca dental journal at 90 years old now, 
   and has finally retired this past jan 2010 from dentistry  .. my goal was to work one day longer than he did .. 
   but he set  the bar way too high..geeze! plus i am very lucky to have made it this long .... years of racing motorcycles, cars,
   etc.  plus ... (11 yrs so far after lg. melanoma sx)
    
   another of my heros is sol (bud) silverman .... prolly the best oral pathologist to ever walk the planet! ... udate 8/19/2013 ... he is still working 
   2 days a week at ucsf teaching and diagnosing the most difficult cases,  auto immune, etc. at 87 years old! .... as per ole doc carpenter his 
   cohort he is still playing his full court basketball every tuesday morning before he starts his day!  i have sent countless cases down to ucsf for
   him and his department to diagnose.
   

       
      >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
    
 i was a captain usaf 1968 - 1970, prosthetic officer mt. home afb.    see our family's 
  military history here.







our friend ed bigelow, orthodontist, friend to us and dr. terry rust

becky rides again in the pendleton oregon roundup parade 2015

world's record, largest fixed bridge ever made by a  dentist!






click here to go racing with doc hemp &
 friends - 3/17/2016 more added our 911 carrera rs light weight.  2.7l - 250 hp stroker motor - webbers, etc.

 



remember .. old dentists never die .... they just make a bad impression!




doc hemp's general philosophy



click here below to see why our patientsare so happy they just can't stop chewing!

 doc's dental philosophy

a word for dental students

go to our email reading rooms since 1996




my anti-bleaching blog
doc's d800 nikon photos 
doc's implant blog
our transplanted teeth blog!
cerec one visit porcelain blog
tongue piercing, posts, hep c blog
see the hemp sectional & cantilevered fixed bridges blog 


click ticket to see our private steam
 railroad!







hey ... you should have seen me before i got fixed up !click on photo to see more of our fine 
cases - hee-hee!

copyright comstock - np48 note pads







meet doc hemp .... the 
web master 


"dream like you will live forever"
"live like you may die tomorrow"
james dean

"a pessimist sees the difficulty
in every opportunity
an optimist sees the opportunity
in every difficulty"
winston churchill

"usually most successes 
are preceded by failures"
doc hemp

to my detractors
"nobody is perfect!"
"i (doc hemp) am nobody!"
"thus ... i am perfect!"

"contempt for others is bred by conceit!"original quote by doc hemp

"those that think they know it allreally irritate those of us that do!" - hee-hee

"the greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it!" 
   -- moliere

























casper gets his teeth fixed here at the friendly dentist! 
 (but - i must tell you - "he's usually three sheets to the wind"!)




hemp is the answer! ... now ... what was that question again?"



(uncle dave)

click here to see what you as an adult on drugs will look like!

 for your edification, what may appear in many of my extant comments  to be just a patois of misspelled words and poor punctuation is actually 
	a very distinctive and cerebral exercise,  searching for just the right combination of words to reach all levels of those trying to reach a deeper 
	understanding!  .... for the timorous, i would be reticent to not say that this multifarious, ubiquitous, eclectic style is still tasteful and erudite though not
	 quixotic and didactic.
because of this i do not wish to be classified as passe, truculent, hackneyed, somnolent, loquacious or taken sycophantically! there might be some
 verbosity & prolixity - but ...... hey! most of my thoughts are mesmeric, pragmatic & blithe yet still filled with lores & 100% probity to placate, 
 yet not abrogate, to the incurable dogmatic, parsimonious, anal retentive! this is certainly not meant as a pejorative to be opprobrious, vituperative
  or to be contumelious to any race, color, creed, religion or nation!
i just hope this aphorism has not been too plethoric for some. i also hope obfuscation due to misinterpretation will not lead to pusillanimous attempts
 at a malicious retort to my comments!  












about becky & dave(doc hemp)the hempsters!




adhesion dentistrybondodontics 
 not scary  
	


















esthetic dentistry
(10 cases to view)
                not scary!*
               
	



crown & bridge blog

research, etc.many blog cases to view




 more cases blog







false gingiva blog
(4 cases to view)not scary!
	
 



our antique studebaker club






kevin's comic all old stuff





our classiccar club of america 



our rare 1930president roadster



















anesthesia blog




dental students blog!



b.a.d. chariots page!









bad chariots link above here is now working again  4-5-2016






this gif courtesy of bjoern richter univ of marburg germany
	teeth only cry till your dentist fixes them!  :-) 






my 16+ yr survival with melanoma

my philosophy of dentistry page

our patients corner blog

doc's (tongue in cheek) philosophy of life page

becky and i are proud to be life members of the chp 1199 foundation

my sva class of 1960's 50th high school reunion

becky's and my 50th wedding anniversary page

our milo, sva 50th reunion at our home

our private steam railroad at our home

read emails since 1996

click on the photo of the cerec 3d below or here to visit doc hemp's cerec 3d blog 



  	  if it were not for the united states military,
  there'd be no united states of america!
the wounded warrior project
  please donate to this wonderful cause



 +
 









doc hemp is a member of 











 




webmaster - doc hemp thanks also to the crazy crackmaster that taught me this stuff - clay penicillin

all content copyright © 1994 to 2016 ... 22 years now!


 by  c. david hemp dds inc.
all rights reserved worldwide.
one more note!  out of the million  plus that  visited all  these various pages, during the past 21 years,  i know no one found
 everyting 100%  to their liking!   so, absorb the best -  shine the rest!  use what u can, can 
 what u can't!  u can can it can't u?





