






























































    
    san diego american sewing guild blog
  
  













                                        san diego chapter of the
                  american sewing guild




       home



  neighborhood groups



  calendar of events



  blog



  members only


   cab board



  important dates 2025



  member marketplace



  member directory



  needle network



  member volunteer report form



  san diego asg expense form 2025



  standing rules





  community service projects & opportunities



  sewing classes & teachers



  county retailers



  quilting guilds



  join now



  photo gallery



  contact us











    
 





        


 
   welcome to san diego chapter of  american  sewing guild  whether you are new to sewing, returning to sewing or are looking to advance your sewing skills, you have found the perfect match in the san diego chapter of the american sewing guild. you will have the opportunity to attend our neighborhood group meetings or explore american sewing guild's free online sewing classes. 
there are many benefits of becoming a member of the american sewing guild like
sharing sewing with others who like to sew as much as you do.

now asg membership includes online sewing classes and special events exclusively for asg members! with this tremendous value, you don't even have to leave home to participate in the classes and events!

whether you have never sewn a stitch or have just been away from sewing for a while, this is your opportunity to learn from experts.

discounts through local and online retailers with your membership card.

you will receive the asg national publication, notions, filled with information just for you.
local chapter events with nationally known speakers and workshops to improve your sewing skills.

annual national conference which includes workshops and seminars to help you learn new techniques. also vendors who show the latest in sewing fabric and technology.

and fun!!! make sewing more fun than ever!
it's your time to sew and this is the place to start . . . asg - the sewing friends' network!




      









      
  copyright 2020© all rights reserved.




     

contact us























































































  
  share by:










