

  


























department of computer science, university of oxford







skip to main content




            university of oxford department of computer science
        
























search for







search














toggle
                        main menu
                        










                                home
                                (current)



                                study with us
                                 
                            


                                research
                                
                            


                                news
                                
                            



                                events
                                
                            


                                about us
                                 
                            


                                student space
                                 
                            


                                partner with us
                                 
                            


































welcome to the department of computer science

			 the department of computer science is consistently recognised as the internationally
			 leading centre of research and teaching across a broad spectrum of computer science,
			 ranging from foundational discoveries to interdisciplinary work with significant real-world
			 impact. we are proud of our history as one of the longest-established computer science
			 departments in the country, as we continue to provide first-rate undergraduate and postgraduate teaching to some of the world's
			 brightest minds. we enjoy close links with other university departments and oxford research groups and institutes.
			



discover more













book now




the strachey lectures in computing science
the strachey lectures are a series of termly computer science lectures named after christopher strachey, the first professor of computation at the university of oxford.











our world-class research

			our world-class research is conducted across our research themes,
			which span the broad spectrum of computer science, ranging from
			foundational discoveries to interdisciplinary work with significant real-world impact.
			a significant majority of our staff are active in externally sponsored research,
			with both government and industrial funding. our 2021 research excellence framework
			submission saw 81% of our research activity ranked as world-leading, with the
			rest ranked as internationally excellent.
			




find out more













find out more




study with us

			we offer a range of courses: from our undergraduate degrees
			(computer science, maths and computer science, and computer science and philosophy)
			and full-time masters degrees (msc in advanced computer science and msc in mathematics and foundations of computer science),
			to part-time graduate programmes for professionals (msc in software engineering and msc in software and systems security).
			















find out more




meet our people

			our greatest asset is our people. we consistently attract the best staff and students and,
			thanks to them, we have been ranked as the world's leading university for
			computer sciences for seven years in a row by the times higher education.
			















all news
news









all events
events












work for us
find our latest vacancies here.




find out more










 back to top 










calendars
internal
rss feeds
sitemap
privacy & cookies
accessibility statement


































© university of oxford 


			    /index.html
                        














