
















































	
        
        municipality of port hope















skip to content











municipality of port hope














living hereabout usanimal servicesbuilding servicesby-law enforcementcemeteriescivic awardscommemorative programsevent calendarfire, police, and paramedicsgarbage and recyclinghealth carelibrarynewsparkingplaces of worshipport hope area initiative (phai)property taxesrecreation schedulesreport an issueroads, boulevards, and sidewalksschoolstransitutilitieswalton street reconstructionwater and wastewaterwelcome to the neighbourhoodthings to doaquatics and swimmingarena and skatingarts and culturecommunity eventsevent calendarfacilities and rentalshistory and heritagelibraryparks, trails and green spacesrecreation guiderecreation programsrecreation schedulesseasonal activitiesvisit port hopewaterfront and beachesrecreation programsbusiness and developmentadvertising and sponsorship opportunitiesavailable landsbid opportunitiesbuilding servicesbusiness community updatebusiness licences and permitsbusiness parkcommunity improvement plandevelopment chargesfilming in port hopefunding and grantspartners in businessplanning and development servicesstart or expand your businessyour municipal governmentaccessibilityagendas and minutesapplications, licences and permitsboards and committeesbudget and financesby-law enforcementby-lawscareerscivic awardscode of conductcommissioner of oathscouncilfreedom of informationmayor's cornermunicipal electionnewsplans, reports and studies


i want to











                close   




                i want to...
            




search





get in touch
contact us
report an issue



apply and registerbuilding permitsburn permitscareersdog licencemarriage licenceevent permitrecreation programspaydog licencefacility rentalparking ticketproperty taxeswater billget involvedcouncil meetingsmy port hopespeak before councilvolunteer







municipality of port hope
welcome to porthope.ca




search



trending:


civic awardsemail sign-upmayor's cornerwalton street reconstructionaquatics and swimmingcareerscouncil announcementsgarbage and recyclingmunicipal budgetrecreation programs

















recreation programs
we offer a wide variety of recreation and leisure programs for all agescareers
we update this page as new job opportunities become availabletransit
all of our transit buses are accessible for ridersvirtual town hall
learn about how to pay your tax and water and wastewater bills onlinereport an issue
a place to report issues related to roads, parks, by-law infractions and moreget involved
join the municipal conversation and share your ideas






news and public notices
your source for the latest updates in the municipality of port hope.
looking for more news and notices? sign up today.
keep informed



filter by


news and public notices councilroad, utility and service alerts
loading news feed...

all news
loading news feed...

all news
loading news feed...

all news







port hope calendar
events
view all events  •  view all recreation schedules




stay up to date on community events and meetings, or enter your community event details to share with the rest of port hope.

local events and activitiesevents and festivalsrecreation and leisure council and committee meetings
loading calendar feed...
loading calendar feed...
loading calendar feed...

loading calendar feed...










municipality of port hope
council
connect with council



mayor
olena hankivskyward 1 councillor
les andrewsward 1 councillor
todd attridgeward 1 councillor
claire holloway wadhwani ward 1 councillor
adam pearson ward 2 councillor
vicki minkward 2 councillor 
darrell toms





now hiring! 
summer contracts
learn morenow hiring! 
camp staff
learn morenominations now open!
civic awards
learn more



















located along the shores of lake ontario and the northumberland hills.© 2025 municipality of port hope






















get to know us

liveworkplay



helpful links

a-z servicesaccessibilitycareerscontact uscustomer service feedback formport hope tourism



town hall
56 queen street. port hope on l1a 3z9
phone 905-885-4544 fax 905-885-7698 

hours of operation
monday to friday 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.







freedom of informationprivacy policysitemapwebsite feedback



designed by esolutionsgroup













































browser compatibility notification



it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.








