








the agitator




























skip to content



the agitator
menu and widgets






search for:



 







about radley balko 


radley balko is a journalist, blogger, speaker and author based in nashville, tennessee. he specializes in reporting on criminal justice, civil liberties and the war on drugs. the american journalist writes columns in the washington post. he started a personal blog called ‘the agitator’. he also blogs at the site ‘reason hit and run’. radley balko’s articles have been published in forbes, the los angeles times, the wall street journal, national post in canada, worth, reason, the chicago tribune and time.  
about radley balko
radley balko was born on the 19th of april in 1975. he has a
bachelor of arts in journalism & political science. he is an alumnus of
indiana university. he graduated in 1997. he is a self-proclaimed atheist.
balko is the author of “the cadaver king and the country dentist”, “the rise of
the warrior cop” and overkill: the rise of paramilitary police raids in
america. the latter was his first book published by cato institute. “the
cadaver king and the country dentist new york” and “the rise of the warrior
cop” were published by publicaffairs.
impact and influence of radley balko
radley balko writes opinion columns for the washington post.
his writings have covered the excessive use of swat and increasing paramilitary
raids across the country. such writings have featured in leading newspapers and
media including the new york times. his writings have been praised by many
journalists, writers, civil rights activists, human rights organizations and
others. his fact based reporting has been cited more than once in supreme court
judgments or dissent notes. very few journalists have had as much of an impact
on real cases in a court of law and have become a topic of discussion in the
larger public discourse over the years. radley balko is one of these few
investigative reporters and journalists. 
balko’s investigative and factual reporting was mentioned in
the dissent note of supreme court justice stephen breyer in the hudson v.
michigan case. he brought national attention to the cory maye case. balko had
reported about the police raid at the house of cory maye and published his
findings in reason. the feature highlighted the case of a black man on death
row in the state of mississippi. he was charged with murdering a white cop
during the raid. balko’s feature in reason was used as an opinion in the
supreme court of mississippi. his coverage of the cory maye case was profiled
by national journal and another investigative report by him about steven hayne,
a medical examiner in mississippi, was accorded the second prize in the
category of investigative reporting at the los angeles press club awards for
2007. 
radley balko is a former policy analyst. he worked at the
cato institute. his stints over the decades include senior editor with reason,
a columnist with foxnews.com, a correspondent for espn, and associations with
the wall street journal, bbc, msnbc, cnbc, cnn, npr and fox news channel. he
has worked with the huffington post as an investigative reporter and senior
writer. he has extensively written about drug policy, civil liberties, police
misconduct, tobacco, alcohol and obesity. he has also written about trade,
globalization, culture and politics. 
balko is one of the most persistent american journalists who
have constantly raised important issues. his consistent writings about
“no-knock” drug raids have been published in several newspapers,
journals and magazines. he wrote extensively about a raid on the residence of
cheye calvo, which was later referred to as the case of ryan frederick. balko
has taken strong stands on many issues, including criminalization of drunk
driving. he has routinely advocated that the punishable act must be that of
violating rules of the road and being the cause of an accident rather than the
factor or issue leading to the offence. he has pointed out that isolating
alcohol consumption and resulting impairment for additional punishment becomes
more punitive rather than being about road safety or making roads safer. 
accomplishments of radley balko
the investigative report of radley balko about expert
witness fraud in a case of death penalty case in the state of louisiana had
bagged the 2009 western publication association’s maggie award. he was a
finalist for the opinion columnist of the week in 2011. he was the best of show
journalist for the year 2011 by the los angeles press club. balko is known for
his groundbreaking reporting. his fact-finding, breaking of stories and
extensive coverage of serious issues have had actual impacts. his features and
opinions often compel readers and society at large to think about real problems
and his works actually have a consequence. his works have often propelled
people and organizations to act.  
radley balko won the best news story award of western
publications in 2010, was ranked first for online commentary by the md-dc-de
press association in 2014, receive the innocence project journalism award in
2015, the champion of justice award of nacdl in 2016 and the bastiat prize for
journalism in 2017. 
books by radley balko
balko has written three books. two of them are about the
increasing militarization of the police forces around the country. he wrote
about the militarization in rise of the warrior cop. he has written about the
increasing paramilitary raids across america in overkill. the book cites how
the number of raids by swat teams was around three hundred in a year through
the 1970s and has increased to as many as a hundred and fifty per day in the
year 2005. his third book with coauthor tucker carrington about a true story of
injustice in the south is the cadaver king and the country dentist.
radley balko continues to write about the criminal justice
system in the country, the war on drugs, issues affecting civil liberties and
occasionally blogs about culture & music of nashville. his books are
available for sale online. his appears on television and writes columns
regularly. he is active on twitter and can be followed @radleybalko. he has
over seventy eight thousand followers. 








				proudly powered by wordpress			









