


home | light pole banners
























































 



home
about

about kalamazoo banner works
banner printing methods
standard finishing
frequently asked questions
testimonials
latest news
mounting methods


products

shop rtp  street banners
wind force calculator
resources
kalamazoo banner works outlet store

bike banners


public bike art competition banners


gallery
banner hardware

click here to visit bannerflex


contact

request catalog
general inquiry
file upload
consort display group brands

bannerflex
dori pole
podia displays
abstracta displays
kalamazoo waterjet





custom bannersdurable light pole bannerswe offer hundreds of stock banners, so you'll be sure to find the light pole banners that suit your needs. need a custom digitally printed banner? our art department can help craft the perfect design.request a quotecustom bannersdurable light pole bannerswe offer hundreds of stock banners, so you'll be sure to find the light pole banners that suit your needs. need a custom digitally printed banner? our art department can help craft the perfect design.request a quotecustom bannersdurable light pole bannerswe offer hundreds of stock banners, so you'll be sure to find the light pole banners that suit your needs. need a custom digitally printed banner? our art department can help craft the perfect design.request a quote
features & benefits

we offer hundreds of stock digitally printed banners so you can find the perfect one.
need a custom banner? no problem. our art department can help design anything you can imagine.
our marine acrylic banners are extremely durable and come with a 2-year warranty. these banners have been known to have a lengthy life-span and ultimately save you money.
the beauty of digital banners is that the design possibilities are endless. all of our vinyl media digital banners come with a 1-year warranty.

hundreds of stock designsshop nowdurable & weather resistantlearn morecrafted with precisionlearn morecontact us today 800.525.6424professionally designedcalculated stabilitykalamazoo banner works has developed banners to be able to stand up to high wind conditions, should you need it. we know that every client comes from a different environment, and, based on how much wind your area gets, you can see first-hand which banner works best for you based on those specifications.
learn morebanner works gallery 















mhs banner





























recent posts


bring attention to your venue and events with custom printed banners
january 28, 2025
one of the most effective ways to make your venue stand out is to provide it with a unique display that gets the attention of passing pedestrians and motorists. if you are looking to bring more foot traffic to your business, there is no better way to bring attention to your venue than with the […]

read more




prepare for the new year with colorful light pole banners
december 28, 2024
the new year is almost here, and if you are looking to bring more attention to your venue, now is the perfect time to prepare. having an outdoor display for your venue can help to promote any event, and when you are looking for the best outdoor display for your space, there’s no better option […]

read more




get ready for winter holidays with colorful light pole banners
november 28, 2024
with fall coming to a close and winter on the horizon, it’s time to start getting ready for more seasonal celebrations. winter is a time of year with many holidays, and when you are looking to help your city celebrate the season’s festivities, there is no better way to do so with an outdoor display […]

read more


kalamazoo banner works consort display group is a certified veteran-owned small business. we manufacture our display solutions in the usa, efficiently sourcing most materials near our michigan headquarters with only few exceptions.  in addition, we are also pleased to include our friends in nearby canada as a material resource.



latest posts 
bring attention to your venue and events with custom printed bannersjanuary 28, 2025
prepare for the new year with colorful light pole bannersdecember 28, 2024
get ready for winter holidays with colorful light pole bannersnovember 28, 2024

get in touch consort display group
2129 portage st.
kalamazoo, mi 49001
phone: (269) 388-4532
toll free: (800) 525-6424
info@consort.com

request catalog©2025 kalamazoo banner works all rights reserved.web development by blue fire mediasitemap | login



  
























