









monarch watch






24-hr fundraising event is happening soon: monarchwatch.org/1day





 




accepting applicationsfor 2025




monarch tagging program • monarch calendar project  • monarch watch tag recoveries • report a tagged monarch sighting • 2022 monarch watch symposium • monarch population status • monarch conservation specialists • bring back the monarchs • monarchs in space project • monarch butterfly press materials • monarch conservation articles • weather near the overwintering sites • chip in for monarch watch • share with monarch watch • monarch listing decision
events: 24-hr fundraising event • international monarch science symposium • all upcoming and past events




monarch waystation program
monarchs need our help! get involved in monarch conservation by creating a monarch waystation.

ordering informationorder monarch tags, rearing kits, t-shirts, posters, books and more!


monarch biology
monarch anatomy, life cycle and natural enemies.

monarch populations
populations and population genetics

rearing monarchs
raise monarchs at home or in the classroom!

milkweed
photo guide and instructions on growing your own milkweed.

butterfly gardening
tips on starting your own garden and detailed plant - butterfly lists.

monarch migration
learn more about the spectacular migration that millions of monarchs make each year.




monarch tagging
learn how you can participate in our large-scale mark and recapture program.


conservation
find out about these issues and how you can help.

in the classroom
lots of great information about using monarchs in the classroom.


research projects
ongoing projects that rely on student-scientist partnerships.

reading room
articles and bibliographies relating to monarchs.

about us
learn more about monarch watch and how to reach us.

multimedia gallery
photos and video.

dplex-l email list
stay up-to-date on monarch news!
resources and links
need more information? get it here!

download the monarch watch mobile app today to participate in monarch watch community science projects and submit your monarch tagging, recovery and calendar data! now available for ios and android devices.
 
collecting & donating milkweed seeds to monarch watch in support of our bring back the monarchs conservation campaign? visit the "seed collecting & donating" page to find out how to send them to us. thank you for your interest and support!




please take a moment to add or confirm your email address with us to receive future updates by completing the short form at monarchwatch.org/subscribe thank you for your interest and continued support!



all material on this site © monarch watch unless otherwise noted. terms of use.
monarch watch (888) tagging - or - (785) 864-4441
monarch@ku.edu


