





carolina kettles home page












           


			(click on any button below for more details)




 


 






 







hgtv's 2008 green 
			home in tradition, sc featured a carolina kettle!
(← click 
			image to the left to see it)




 





			watch dean & derek marsico from 
			diyï¿½s rock solid and indoors out install a
			carolina kettle
(← click 
			image to the left to see it)









in the 19th century a syrup kettle or sugar kettle was more or less a tool 
      that had several applications around the farm.  it was used as a syrup 
      cooking pot, used to scald hogs at slaughter time, used to render lard and 
      also as a water bath at canning time.  today they are primarily used 
      as firepots.  carolina kettles 
      produces exact replicas of the original syrup kettles.  our kettles 
      are simple but elegant.






 
(click pictures for larger 
      images)

carolina kettles produces 
		four sizes of pots.  although there were more sizes available one 
		hundred years ago, we produce thirty gallon,   forty gallon,
      
sixty gallon, and
	  eighty gallon pots.  between these 
	  four kettles you should be able 
      to find one that suits your needs.

we also offer the luxury of
customizing
your kettle with your family, resort, 
      property or hunting/fishing lease name on the lip.

only one's imagination limits them as to the type of
setup
they may want for their kettle. you can 
      choose one of our handmade bases with 
original artwork panels
and we are also making a
cooking surface/oyster roasting 
      surface for all 
		four 
      sizes of pots.

we have seen these kettles used as fountains, koi 
		ponds, and planters as well as firepots.  
		your kettle will come with a hole drilled in the bottom so that water 
		can drain from the kettle. please be sure to let us know if you plan to 
		use your kettle for any other purpose and would not like the hole 
		drilled in yours.  cleaning out your firepot is as easy as blowing 
      it out with 
      your leaf blower.

we can ship our kettles anywhere in the united 
      states by freightliners.  we accept visa and mastercard and discover credit cards 
      for purchases of kettles and accessories.
 
 




to place an order or for more 
      information please contact us:

      phone: (843) 866-2700                  
      
email : 
info@carolinakettles.com
 
each kettle is 
      handmade and produced to order. 
 we would like to speak to you to personalize your order.
cash, checks, visa,
                        mastercard and discover cards accepted
(credit card sales will 
				incur a 3.5% processing fee on invoice total
				and all in state sales are subject to south carolina sales tax)
 







 

 
 

 
copyright 2005-2020 by

cab-tech software
all rights reserved



webdesign@cab-tech.com

