

























metro - newark 2006: the race for mayor blog - the new york times

























sections

home

search
skip to content





the new york times









                newark 2006            








close search

site search navigation



search nytimes.com



clear this text input



go










site navigation



site mobile navigation








supported by





newark 2006
the race for mayor







search












jun 17, 2007
jun 17, 2007


we invite you to try city room 

the newark06 blog is no longer active. 
the metropolitan desk has started a new blog, city room, covering a wide variety of topics — including politics — from the
                                                new york region, including new jersey. 
we thank you for reading, and invite you to join us at city room.









may 12, 2006
may 12, 2006
13

our final post: goodbye and thanks 

the highfalutin’ sign outside our basement office on mulberry street where newark06 was
                                                hatched, maintained and cherished (damien cave/the new york times)
newark06 started with the lofty goal of trying to understand and explain the carnival funhouse of newark politics. we expected ugliness
                                                and debate. we expected a campaign that would resonate nationally with issues of race and class bubbling up as they did in 2002 when mayor sharpe james and cory booker fought a sandpaper-on-skin “street
                                                fight” that rubbed the city raw.
on our first day, mayor james showed up on a police bicycle at city hall, in a tank top with his biceps bulging, to file his petitions
                                                to get on the ballot. when he dropped out a week later, some of our colleagues and fellow bloggers offered sympathy                                                for the loss of a vainglorious character that would have kept us busy. 
but it hardly mattered and, in fact, the lack of a re-match between the incumbent and the upstart may have helped. it pushed us to cover not just the horse race of a campaign but also the city – its voters,
                                                its quirks, its concerns – and to work harder at putting newark in perspective. 
so we became addicted readers of the forums at newark speaks, where voters using handles like 5reasons,
                                                make newark clean and akaladyjustice engaged in energetic
                                                civic debate. 
we sent our intern out into the streets for a taste of voters’ demands. we dug into (and posted)
                                                campaign finance reports, photographed dubious campaign literature, and wrote about tragedies both far-reaching and personal, from
                                                the city’s collapsed labor market to the mayor’s snub                                                of ronald l. rice, his former deputy mayor and the candidate assigned to defend the establishment. 
we also looked ahead with newark, u.s.a., our wide-ranging conversations with local and national luminaries covering race, urban policy, the legacy of civil rights and the limits of what the city’s next
                                                mayor could achieve. julian bond, david paterson,
                                                ellis cose,
                                                robert curvin and father edwin leahy all offered insights
                                                that will remain relevant long after the booker administration moves in.  read more... 








may 12, 2006
may 12, 2006
1

newark, u.s.a.: julian bond 

 julian bond at naacp convention in 2005 (darren hauck/ap)
as a student at morehouse college in 1960, julian bond led sit-ins and founded the student nonviolent coordinating committee (sncc), the leading anti-segregation group of its time. he worked closely with martin
                                                luther king jr., went on to spend two decades in the georgia legislature as one of its first black members and later became the first president of the southern poverty law center.
these days, he splits his time between teaching history at the university of virginia and his work with the national association for the advancement of colored people, where he serves as executive chairman.
                                                in other words, he is both a veteran and a scholar of the nation’s continuing struggle for racial equality – one who has rarely shied away from controversy. 
he spoke to us on thursday about what why the civil rights generation has resisted giving up power, why he believes the generational divide between cory booker and sharpe james is exaggerated and why mr. booker’s
                                                ability to transform newark will likely be limited. 
 read more…









may 11, 2006
may 11, 2006
1

national roundup: the booker files 


cory booker’s victory on tuesday received wide coverage nationwide, with articles on the election appearing as far away as california. what was once a local story about a mayoral campaign in a poor, second-tier
                                                city is fast becoming a national tale of a democratic star who faces a complicated challenge.
mr. booker is used to the attention: his first appearance on the front page of the new york times occurred in
                                                2000, when he was just a political cub, an eager 31-year-old member of the municipal council who supported school vouchers.
but the broader coverage provides some fresh insights — or at least more information. so here’s a lengthy roundup of the best of what we’ve read and seen in the media over the past few days.
                                            
 read more…









may 11, 2006
may 11, 2006


walter fields on the litmus test of civil rights 

at various points during this year’s campaign, we’ve relied on walter fields, the former head of the n.a.a.c.p. in new jersey, for insight. as a political consultant who has worked for both republican
                                                and democratic candidates, we’ve come to expect an approach that tends to mirror cory booker’s — an outlook less loyal to partisanship than ideas. 
so it wasn’t much of a surprise when we discovered that his essay analyzing tuesday’s election included a sharp
                                                critique of efforts by ronald l. rice to make mr. booker looke like a “republican bogeyman” because of his support for school vouchers. 
but mr. fields’s report — found on his blog, black is, which claims to offer “a new perspective on blackness” — also raised larger issues
                                                about the legacy of civil rights. rather than paraphrase his point, here’s the key quote: 


                                                    “hopefully, booker’s win will also put to bed the silliness over what qualifies one to seek a leadership position. for too long the civil rights generation (that i define as pre-1968; of which i am on the very tail end) has made personal
                                                    involvement in the movement as a pre-qualifier for public service or having endured some degree of personal suffering, racist treatment or denial of opportunity a prerequisite for consideration. the
                                                    irony, of course, is that most black adults of that generation engaged in the struggle so the next generation would not have to experience such hardships. and despite the fact that there is always rhetoric
                                                    around supporting ‘the leaders of tomorrow,’ most black leaders have held onto their positions as some sort of entitlement. the truth be told, many of the first wave of black leadership
                                                    have no desire to see a new generation succeed them. it has been one of the most selfish outcomes of the civil rights movement and one of the most damning to black progress.”

— damien cave









may 11, 2006
may 11, 2006


from today’s new york times: booker begins 

cory booker (norman y. lono/for the new york times)
cory booker took a victory lap through newark yesterday and delivered morsels of news about how he intends to govern. 
he said he would focus first on crime. he said his management style was inclusive but demanding. he said he would not name his transition team until monday. he suggested                                                that baltimore’s city government would be a model for newark.
he also said that, since defeating ronald l. rice in tuesday’s election, he had received encouragement from gov. jon s. corzine, mayor michael r. bloomberg of new york, and new jersey’s two united
                                                states senators, frank lautenberg and robert menendez — but not from mayor sharpe james. yet. 
for more details on mr. booker’s tour through newark, his plans for handling the prickly incumbent and the city he will inherit, check out today’s article                                                in the times. 
there is also a graphic comparing mr. booker’s performance in each of city’s five wards on tuesday
                                                with how he did in 2002, when he lost to mayor james. it shows that his support was widespread, including in the city’s most densely african-american areas, which he lost four years ago. but it also
                                                shows that he put together a racially mixed coalition: his largest vote tallies came from newark’s growing hispanic neighborhoods in the north and east wards. 
— damien cave









may 10, 2006
may 10, 2006


from corzine to booker: a transition guru speaks 

 richard leone (laura pendrick/the new york times)
richard leone is one of those people who sort of knows everything about government.
he headed the transition team for former gov. brendan t. byrne in 1973 and was state treasurer. he has deep roots in new jersey’s democratic firmament but is respected in both parties. 
he currently heads the century foundation, a public policy research organization, and earlier this year oversaw recruiting and hiring for the new administration of gov. jon s. corzine.
what advice, we wanted to know, did he have for cory booker ahead of what promises to be a dramatic transition from the current administration in newark?
 read more…









may 10, 2006
may 10, 2006


soaking up glory and a dose of reality 

bounding into a police station on the sixth scheduled stop in his victory lap around the city today, mayor-elect cory booker grabbed hands and accepted warm congratulations. but he didn’t linger too long,
                                                mindful that he was taking up the time of public servants still working for mayor sharpe james.
“so that’s it,” he told a handful of smiling police officers. “i guess i have to wait until july. i don’t want to get anyone in trouble.”
outside the same precinct house, in a crumbling neighborhood in newark’s south ward, a middle-aged woman with three grandchildren in tow approached mr. booker.
“i’m so glad you made it,” said the woman, pamela middleton. “i understand what you were saying about us needing to work with you.”
mr. booker, seizing her free hand, thanked her, as other children milled around and played with a basketball on the cracked sidewalk.
“we’re really losing our kids,” ms. middleton said, nodding towards her granddaughter.
“yeah, i know,” said mr. booker, shaking his head. “two kids got shot last night.”
“yes,” she said. “it’s bad.”
looking around, he said, “i want to be able to send my kids to public school here.”
ms. middleton, 55, nodded sympathetically. 
she has four grown children and twelve grandchildren. all of them live in newark except for one of her sons, who recently returned from a second tour in iraq and is currently stationed with the army in oklahoma.
ms. middleton lamented that they all of her children and grandchildren had to attend problem-plagued local public schools, and even said that she was planning to send one of her granddaughters away to oklahoma
                                                to live with her son and go to a school where she might not get into so many fist fights.
she said she liked what mr. booker was trying to do and hoped he would be given the time to do it.
 “i would like to see him deal with the problems we have with the children,” she said. “he’s already starting. the one thing i know is mr. booker’s been in the neighborhood
                                                for a while. he always talks to the kids. we just have to try to be patient.”
so did she think her fellow newarkers would be patient?
“no,” she said. “i think they think everything is going to happen spontaneously. they won’t. these things are going to take time.”
— josh benson









may 10, 2006
may 10, 2006
2

booker: i’m staying in brick towers 

 brick towers (marko georgiev for the new york times)
cory booker said today that he intended to stay in the decrepit apartment building he has lived in since 1998 “for the foreseeable future,” adding that as mayor, he would try to rehablitate the
                                                property to its former glory as one of newark’s most luxurious addresses.
reiterating his pledge to try to block efforts by the city housing authority to tear the buildings down, mr. booker expressed his commitment to the towers during an early stop on his morning-after-election victory
                                                lap around the city.
still, the residents of the brick towers, the ill-fated, foul-smelling public apartment complex where mr. booker has made a point of sticking it out in a $575-a-month two-bedroom unit, responded to his victory
                                                with a typical newark mixture of hope and skepticism. 
“a lot of people say a lot of things until they win,” said lorraine coles, 54, who lives in the same building as mr. booker. “we’ll have to wait and see. i hope he keeps his word.
                                                i think he will.”
 read more…









may 10, 2006
may 10, 2006


city hall: the day after 

the mood was somber and calm at city hall, where the sharpe james era is about to end and cory booker is set to take over as mayor on july 1.
while many city employees said quietly that they are thrilled with the election results, those who felt differently were scarce.
“a lot called in sick today,” said digna lopez, who works for the business administrator. “i think they’re still in shock.”
asked how she felt about the election, a secretary for ron rice simply held her head and said, “i have nothing to say.”
desks belonging to aides to mayor james sat empty, as did every office in the city council chambers, save the one belonging to augusto amador, a booker supporter who won re-election yesterday. 
he said that he was tired and his body ached after a grueling campaign.
“today there is a somber mood,” mr. amador said. “but i have a sense of relief and also a sense of reward because of the voters.”
neither mr. james’s secretary, nor the guard outside his door, would say whether the lame-duck mayor had been to city hall on wednesday, but there was no traffic in or out of his office. no one reported
                                                seeing him.
a city employee and supporter of mr. james who said he voted for mr. rice on tuesday commented that mr. james had “built the city up from ground zero.”
“the new mayor had better match that,” he said.
— nate schweber









may 10, 2006
may 10, 2006
1

pay for play 

cory booker could hardly have hoped for a better result in yesterday’s election, but support didn’t come cheap.
with 99 percent of districts reporting, mr. booker had received a little more than 32,000 votes. he spent roughly $5 million on his campaign.
that may seem paltry next to, say, the $78 million that multi-billionaire new york mayor michael bloomberg spent in his easy re-election campaign last year. (yes, new york city is more than 28 times larger than
                                                newark.)
                                            
but a more accurate measure of electoral efficiency may be the amount of cash their campaigns expended to win each vote. mr. bloomberg came into a fair amount of criticism for laying out what amounted to nearly
                                                $120 per supporter.
but our rough, rough calculations using felt pen on post-it notes show that mr. booker has his cross-hudson counterpart beat, with a per-voter total of $150.
ronald l. rice, the loser of yesterday’s election, frequently said during the course of the campaign that “money don’t vote, people vote.”
that may be true. 
but money can help.
— josh benson









may 10, 2006
may 10, 2006
2

from today’s times: booker, booker, booker 

cory booker celebrating his election victory (marko georgiev/for the new york times)
after 20 years of sharpe james, newark cast its vote yesterday for dramatic change — for cory booker and his campaign promises of more police on the streets, better schools, more jobs for residents and
                                                a culture of professionalism in city government. 
this article in today’s new york times is an in-depth
                                                news report with the latest election results, a taste of why mr. booker’s victory is historic and scenes from the last day of what has been a fascinating campaign. 
a man in the news feature takes a look at cory booker’s biography. it focuses on how his decision to run for mayor
                                                contrasts sharply with the political choices made by other young african-american politicians, like united states senator barack obama of illinois. 
in this article, josh benson analyzes the election results for seats on the municipal council — an integral piece of mr. booker’s
                                                victory. 
and for a look at the candidates’ last day of campaigning, in color, we put together an audio slide show                                                of photographs and narrative. 
comments are welcome.
— damien cave









may 10, 2006
may 10, 2006
1

the race attack fails 

ronald l. rice conceding defeat (george oliva/ap)
ronald l. rice’s chief criticsm of cory booker consisted of an attack on his opponent’s wealthy, conservative campaign contributors who live outside the city. near the end of the campaign, he suggested                                                that mr. booker could never understand newark because he was out of touch with his african-american roots, with his green eyes and suburban upbringing. 
voters, of course, had heard the pitch before; in 2002, mayor sharpe james successfully painted mr. booker as an interloper, falsely accusing him of being white, jewish and even a front for the ku klux klan.
                                            
but this time, they seemed to reject the racialized notions. sheryl kemp, 35, who works for the division of consumer affairs, voted for cory booker in part because, she said, the attacks on his legitimacy as
                                                a newarker sounded out of date and absurd. 
“it’s just something to turn people away and against him that didn’t work to me,” ms. kemp said. she said mr. rice seemed intimidated by mr. booker because he is young and “the
                                                man is smart and he knows what he wants.”
echoing the thoughts of many voters we spoke to yesterday, anthony middleton, 38, a substance abuse counselor who voted for mr. booker, said that mr. james had worn out his welcome. mr. middleton likened the
                                                change he believes newark needs to car maintenance.
“the mayor is like a tire,” mr. middleton said. “after a certain amount of miles you’ve got to get a new one.”
while he gave mr. james credit for “putting newark on the map,” he believes that someone unaffiliated with the james machine is needed to maintain the city’s progress.
“for us to go from the riots of ’67 to now is incredible, and sharpe james had a lot to do with that,” mr. middleton said. “the city has come a long way, but we’re still going.”
— damien cave









may 9, 2006
may 9, 2006
6

the booker era begins 

cory booker at his victory party (ap)
with election results showing that cory booker beat ronald l. rice in a landslide, the city has begun to react to the start of a new political
                                                era. 
at the bingo hall where mr. rice conceded defeat about a half-hour ago, supporters milled about, seemingly unsurprised. after mr. rice’s 10-minute speech, his advisors went back to the task they had been
                                                doing before he appeared: handing out $100 checks to campaign supporters. 
mr. booker’s celebration party at essex county college had already started, with mr. booker appearing just minutes ago to address the crowd of supporters. (more on that later). and when reginald t. jackson,
                                                executive director of the black ministers’ council of new jersey, was told of the results, he eschewed the neutrality he has maintained since 2002. 
“that’s terrific,” he said. 
“it’s a new era for newark,” he continued. “i think it brings the possibility of newark really becoming the city it can be. and it’s my hope now that with the election over,
                                                all the factions can come together and unite work in the best interests of the city and the citizens of newark.”
— damien cave 









may 9, 2006
may 9, 2006


kisses from booker and the dulcet tones of rice 

it’s been an axiom of newark elections since before cory booker was born: supporters must be fed.
mr. booker took that rule to heart today, visiting polling places with pockets full of candy, leaving a sugary trail of lolly pops and kit kats across newark. 
“if you don’t like that,” he told one group of poll workers at a senior center on broad street, “i’ll give you a kiss.”
in the past week, ronald l. rice has gone in for healthier fare, with his campaign distributing 14 palettes’ worth of success brand rice to hungry newarkers.
today, as mr. rice criss-crossed the city in a fast-moving ford explorer, he had no edible goodies to give away. but, blaring from speakers mounted on the roof of the truck, there was this                                                audible treat.
— josh benson













about

this short-term blog was created to cover the 2006 mayoral election in newark, n.j., and is no longer updated. for current blogging about politics and other news in the metropolitan region, please visit the city room blog.
                                        for more information, please contact cityroom [at] nytimes.com. thank you



archive 
select month
 june 2007 
 may 2006 
 april 2006 
 march 2006 






follow newark 2006 on






















                    © 2017

 the new york times company




contact us
work with us
advertise
your ad choices
privacy
terms of service
terms of sale




site map
help
site feedback
subscriptions








