














saint paul sunday from american public media

































support saint paul sunday with your amazon.com purchases



search amazon.com:

all products
apparel & accessories
automotive
baby
beauty
books
camera & photo
cell phones & service
classical music
computers
computer & video games
dvd
electronics
gourmet food
grocery
home & garden
health & personal care
industrial & scientific
jewelry & watches
kitchen & housewares
magazine subscriptions
miscellaneous
music
musical instruments
software
sports & outdoors
tools & hardware
toys & games
vhs

keywords:
























american public media programs
-------------------------
a prairie home companion
american mavericks
american radioworks
anonymous 4 thanksgiving
bbc proms
chanticleer christmas
a choral christmas card
cantus: all is calm
carnegie hall live
christmas with dale warland
classical live
classical music initiative
composers datebook
conspirare: christmas at the carillon 
the dinner party
echoes of christmas
a festival of nine lessons & carols
future tense
giving thanks
a harpist's christmas
harvest home
marketplace
marketplace money
minnesota orchestra
the mtt files
music@menlo
performance today
pipedreams
a prairie home companion
public insight journalism
reflections: a lenten special
the rose ensemble christmas
st. olaf christmas festival
the saint paul chamber orchestra
saint paul sunday
sound opinions
on being
the splendid table
the story
sustainability
symphonycast
weekend america
welcome christmas
word for word
the writer's almanac



















search:





















archive
guests
birthday 25




web log
contact
features




about
support
stations















april  1, 2012 program
a dale warland singers retrospective

perspectives:
						"in march of 1981 saint paul sunday aired its first broadcast, an all-bach program featuring the saint paul chamber orchestra and the dale warland singers. over the next two and a half decades these celebrated singers brought twelve programs to saint paul sunday, each one demonstrating the beauty of tone and scrupulous craft that are their signature. this week, dale warland and bill mcglaughlin sit down in the studio to survey all of them. the results are often breathtaking---a concentrated experience of the dale warland singers' evolution and enthusiasms, from their devotion to new work and commissioning to their inimitable musicianship and sound. listen in for a nostalgic journey through this glorious body of work. " 
			


go to this week's program


 











march 25, 2012 program
guarneri string quartet performs mozart, ravel, dvořák

					on the heels of their 40th anniversary, the guarneri string quartet returns to saint paul sunday with music by mozart, dvořák and ravel — works that reveal the heart and soul of this revered ensemble as movingly today as they did when it first performed them. each composer's distinct voice shines, but refracted through a sound and mastery wholly the guarneri's own. after more than four decades, both remain undimmed.
					(more)
					





march 18, 2012 program
leif ove andsnes performs schumann, beethoven, mompou
					celebrated pianist leif ove andsnes makes a warmly anticipated return visit this week with music that reaffirms his astonishing technical and emotional powers. he begins with four short works of robert schumann, conjuring from each all of the rapidly mutating moods and colors they chart, and moves on to a work of even greater temperamental grandeur: ludwig van beethoven's opus 110 piano sonata. in the echo of that monument, mr. andsnes's concluding performances of lizst and mompou sound all the more wondrous.
					(more)
					





 




a look back: 25 years of saint paul sunday
(photo above: host bill mcglaughlin at the first saint paul sunday recording session in 1981)

launch slideshow
			
			each week since 1981, saint paul sunday has affirmed the abiding relevance and hospitality of great classical music-making. whether longtime fans or recent converts, listeners encounter the same spirit that launched the series very first program: intimate, one-of-a-kind performances and approachable conversation with exceptional artists about the music at hand. (more)
			
			







			acclaimed for its insightful performances, brilliant artistry and technical mastery, the emerson string quartet is one of the world's foremost chamber ensembles, and has amassed an impressive list of achievements: a brilliant series of recordings exclusively documented by deutsche grammophon since 1987, six grammy awards including two unprecedented honors for "best classical album," three gramophone magazine awards and performances of the complete cycles of beethoven, bartók and shostakovich quartets in major concert halls throughout the world. the ensemble is lauded globally as a string quartet that approaches both classical and contemporary repertoire with equal mastery and enthusiasm.
			(more)

 more 25th anniversary artists




 





anonymous 4







our sponsors




your support makes our online services possible. contribute now.









	 ©2016 american public media

careers
podcasts
newsletters
rss
audio help
terms and conditions
privacy policy























