







bmw car club of america
































































skip to main content







home
manage account
contact us
forums
print card
  





login




  












activitieswhat we doeventscalendarautocrossescar control clinicsconcoursdriving schools/hpdesdriving toursgymkhanasralliestire rack street survivalstsd ralliesnational eventsrolex 24 corralmotorsports & mascaramix enthusiast weekendpittsburgh vintage grand prixlegends of the autobahnlegends westo'festfestoricsrendezvousthe bourbon trailrecognition programawardssample nominationall award recipientsladies program committeeclub racingoral history projectdream car raffleclassic rafflebenefitsfor membersbenefits overviewvehicle rebatesdiscountsforumsclub servicesombudsmentechnical service advisorscollector chassismanage my collectionmarketplaceclassifieds & gearstoreclassifiedssell my bmwchapters68 us chapterschapter finderpolicies & procedureschapter toolboxbmw cca bylawsbmw cca operations manualbmw cca strategic planspecial interest groupsroundelmembership magazinearticlesclassifiedsroundel weeklyview roundel onlinemedia kitmedianews & galleriesbimmerlifearchived newsphotosvideosmedia kitaboutwho we areabout uscontactnational board of directorsnational office staffinternational councildriving events committeehistorypolicies & proceduresbmw cca bylawsbmw cca operations manualbmw cca strategic planchapter toolboxprivacy policycovid policybmw cca foundationlinks 







 












 







2025 national elections: voting is open. please click here to read the candidate statements. if you were a member in good standing as of december 15th, 2024, then click here to access your ballot.





bmw cca is the largest single-marque car club in the world! join for special benefits!
rebates on new/certified bmw’s! roundel magazine! exclusive club driving events! discounts! learn more!
jointoday! 



 


events



  
 feb 18 
 xch x chapter board meeting 
 read more » 

 feb 19 
 sbt monthly members meeting 
 read more » 

 feb 20 
 xch x chapter holiday and new year's happy hour (virtual) 
 read more » 

 feb 21 
 rmc ice gymkhana 
 read more » 

 feb 22 
 svc karting at apex 
 read more » 
 


    more  

 


shop bmw cca





holiday sale





 




 

the benefits

members are eligible for rebates of up to $1,000 on the purchase or lease of a new bmw and rebates of $250 - $500 on certified pre-owned bmws
access to 500+ members-only social and driving events a year
roundel and bimmerlife magazines
parts & service discounts from participating dealers
networking opportunities with other influential bmw owners
chance to participate in our annual car raffle. we gave away 10 cars last year!
opportunities to win prizes from our industry partners like michelin, dinan, griot’s garage, and more!



 




bmw cca welcomes everyone, whatever his or her age, background or even car model! our diverse love of all things bmw means we believe in diversity in the club. it doesn't matter your race, color, national origin, sex, marital status or sexual orientation, age, disability, religious beliefs, veteran status, or genetic information, we can all share our enthusiasm for bmw!











1 year
$58



roundel and bimmerlife magazines
local chapter
discounts
exclusive events
eligible to apply* for a vehicle rebate after one full year of membership


join now





best value

3 years
$159



roundel and bimmerlife magazines
free* trunk badge (you only pay s&h)
local chapter
discounts & exclusive events
eligible to apply* for a vehicle rebate after six months of membership.


join now






5 years
$270



roundel and bimmerlife magazines
free* trunk badge (you only pay s&h)
local chapter
discounts & exclusive events
eligible to apply* for a vehicle rebate after six months of membership.


join now






lifetime
$1750



roundel and bimmerlife magazines
free* trunk badge (you only pay s&h)
local chapter
discounts & exclusive events
eligible to apply* for a vehicle rebate after six months of membership.


join now



* rebate applications must be submitted within 60 days of vehicle delivery date. see rebate terms and conditions for complete details.







membership reward rebate
club services
chapter finder
gift membership

the membership reward rebate program gives rebates on the purchase of new or certified pre-owned bmws from any authorized us bmw center — from $250 to $1,000 depending on the series. members are eligible to apply for a rebate after 12 consecutive months of membership without a lapse. cut the wait time in half (6 months) with the purchase of a 3-year or longer membership! this corporate rebate program is offered to our members by bmw of north america.
 
get the full details at bmwcca.org/vehicle_rebate. 
 
have you already submitted a rebate? you can check your rebate status online.


membership brings with it many valuable services. the volunteers and staff listed below are here to offer help with your membership, maintenance, and dispute resolution.

national board of directors: comprised of the executive board and the regional vice presidents, these elected leaders determine and enforce club policy.
national office staff: the national office handles questions about membership, address changes, chapter transfers, and general club policy for individual members. the office is open monday through friday between 8:30 am and 5:00 pm.
technical service advisors (tsa): these experienced technicians can help you with maintenance or repair problems.
ombudsmen: if you’ve made every effort to resolve a continuing dispute with manufacturers, dealers, repair shops, parts suppliers, or others, our ombudsmen can serve as an intermediary for you.




	with chapters across the country, you are sure to find fellow lovers of the marque near you! every bmw cca member is assigned to a chapter based upon their zip code by default. you may contact the national office to transfer to a different chapter.


purchase a gift membership
gift memberships
the ultimate gift membership in the bmw car club of america comes with many benefits

roundel
69 chapters that provide a range of social, technical, and driving events
regional and national driving schools, rallies, autocrosses, and social events
members are eligible for exclusive discounts and services—including up to $1,000 in rebates on the purchase or lease of a new or cpo bmw!

purchase a gift membership for another enthusiast in your life and share the excitement that is bmw cca. for every gift membership purchased by a member, you will receive $5 in cca bucks.

 





      other bmw cca events 


  
 covid policy  

  
 dream car raffle  

  
 hpde insurance  

  
 membership cards  

 





      our sponsors 





previous

pause

next






 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 





 
















about bmw cca
bmw car club of america is the largest single-marque car club in the world.
2350 highway 101 south
greer, sc 29651
864-250-0022
contact us

 







advertise with us

roundel magazine
event sponsorships
bmw cca website
 






bmw cca photostream















































































































































































































































 







 







 












privacy policy
terms of use
faqs
 



copyright © 2014 - 2025 & all rights reserved by bmw car club of america










