












the old market in omaha ne - omaha's arts & entertainment district






	www.oldmarket.com - the old market





































 


















things to doart galleries & museumsexperienceslive musiceventsnearby attractionsholidays in the old marketoma faces galaeat/drinkbar & grillbreakfastbrunchcoffee & teasdininggrocerypubs & tavernssweet shopsshopantiquesbooksclothing & accessoriesgifts & specialtieshome decorjewelrymusicsmoke shopservicesbankingbusiness servicesevent venueshealth & wellnesspraise & worshipresidential servicessalons & spastattoolive/stayrental/condohotelsreal estate agentsaboutcontact us/faqshistoryparkingold market associationsupportersresourcesmembershipbecome a membermember login 





toggle navigation







things to doart galleries & museumsexperienceslive musiceventsnearby attractionsholidays in the old marketoma faces galaeat/drinkbar & grillbreakfastbrunchcoffee & teasdininggrocerypubs & tavernssweet shopsshopantiquesbooksclothing & accessoriesgifts & specialtieshome decorjewelrymusicsmoke shopservicesbankingbusiness servicesevent venueshealth & wellnesspraise & worshipresidential servicessalons & spastattoolive/stayrental/condohotelsreal estate agentsaboutcontact us/faqshistoryparkingold market associationsupportersresourcesmembershipbecome a membermember login 













 
 

 

































					search				










					specials				










					news				








events










		arts & entertainment
	


		our eclectic neighborhood has a rich history of arts and culture. we are proud to offer omaha's most vibrant collection of working artists and 
		galleries. don't miss first friday - the monthly self-guided tour showcasing local art.
	





		dining & cocktails
	


		over 45 restaurants and drinking establishments beckon visitors on our brick-lined streets. from fine french cuisine to fresh pizza, you will find many 
		tempting options. afterwards, stop for a locally-brewed beer or a craft cocktail.
	





		shopping & services
	


		come explore the old market's collection of truly unique shops offering art, fashion, jewelry, and gifts. and if you happen to need a hairstyle update 
		or personal pampering, we have salons that are ready to help!
	





		a place to call home
	


		many omahans now call the old market "home." we also welcome many visitors coming for extended stays. beyond our historic landscape, we offer so much 
		to enjoy just steps from their apartment or hotel door.
	





		businesses of the month
	






	old market artists gallery
	

1034 howard st , omaha nebraska 68102




	old market sundries


specialties: the souvenir and traveler's store in omaha's old market
506 s 10th st , omaha nebraska 68102




	le bouillon
	

specialties: an homage to the great everyday dining traditions of france in the heart of the old market.
1017 howard st , omaha nebraska 68102










	juice stop
	

specialties: juice & healthy drink options
510 s 12th st, omaha nebraska 68102




	hollywood candy


specialties: hollywood candy is a giant candy store proudly serving the old market omaha since 2007. we carry a large selection of retro candy, bulk candy, homemade chocolates and pez. our soda shoppe also features over 200 varieties of soda pop.
1209 jackson street, omaha 68102




	havana garage - cigar lounge
	

specialties: light your cigar. eyes lock in on a glimpse of amber and white ash.
1008 howard st , omaha nebraska 68102







		view our old market directory
	










		click below for information, or to connect with us
	


























 about the old market is omaha's most historic, most entertaining neighborhood. the cobblestone streets are home to a diverse mix of shopping, galleries, restaurants, taverns and people-watching. questionsold market associationfaqsparkingbusiness & resident resourcesexplorethings to doeat & drinkshopservicewhere to stay associationaboutoma membershipshistory 




















support the old market |  find out how today » 


the old market © 2025. all rights reserved.
            terms of use | privacy policy














 

 






