




ocean city maryland real estate / holiday real estate




































                    professional vacation rental management & property sales for over 55 years
                




















home
sales

search all properties
ocean city
west ocean city
ocean pines
berlin
bishopville
fenwick island
list your property


rentals

rental information
search vacation rentals
owner services
online payment
guest services


about us

our history
realtors
client testimonials
consumer documents
ocean city weather


owner login
contact
list with us











ocean city maryland real estate vacation rentals and property sales
holiday real estate, inc., is a full-service ocean city, maryland real estate company serving ocean city, maryland, and lower sussex county, delaware real estate markets.

search sales
search rentals





















looking to sell, buy or rent in the coastal maryland or delaware areas?

look no further! holiday real estate, inc., is a full-service ocean city, maryland real estate company serving vacationers, home buyers, investors and retirees interested in renting or purchasing residential property, vacation property or commercial property in the ocean city, maryland, and lower sussex county, delaware, real estate markets.
with five offices, holiday real estate offers hundreds of pages of vacation rental properties to find the rental that fits your budget and needs. for those looking to make their vacation permanent our interactive sales property search allows you to find the home or condo of your dreams.













featured properties














doing business over 50 years
a pioneer in the industry serving the ocean city area since 1969, holiday real estate is a 3rd generation, family-owned and operated real estate company.



exceptional customer service
our real estate agents provide every client with the highest level of service and resources during the buying, selling or renting process.



location, location, location
with five offices throughout the ocean city area, holiday real estate offers buyers, sellers and renters the ease of convenience.










our partners

















what our clients say








 we have had holiday real estate as our rental agent for the past thirty years or so because of the friendly relationship they present and their responsiveness to each and every request. 
dave shinaly
read more


 we have worked with holiday since 1994 and have been totally satisfied with their service. the associates  are very-courteous and knowledgeable of the business. 
bob murphy
read more


 just wanted to drop a line thanking you for another successful season renting our weekly vacation unit for us. every week of the summer season is filled year in and year out since 2002. no headaches for us and happy repeat guests. we can ask for nothing more. 
todd farmer
read more














contact the professionals at holiday real estate for all your sales and rental needs.

request more information















back to top










about
holiday real estate, inc., is a full-service ocean city, maryland real estate company serving the coastal area of maryland and delaware real estate markets.


real estate office
7700 coastal hwy
                ocean city, maryland 21842
sales - 888-642-6251
                rentals - 800-638-2102
 


helpful links

search properties
search rentals
list your property
our realtors
consumer documents
owner login



follow us
  


all information on this website is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. prospective purchasers and renters should verify the information to their satisfaction.












                copyright ©2001-2025 holiday real estate inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy / site map
web design by sprout creatives
                ocean city photo courtesy of jennifer slack
            





  









