








learn touch typing online | typing pal




























































pricing


school edition


blog


documentation


support




en


français


english





log in


							select the product that you would like to log into:
						

personal/home edition


							or
						

school edition


sign up for free
start now










learn to type faster
typing pal is a simple and effectiveweb-based program for learners of all levels who want to touch type at full speed!
test my speed












									your browser does not support the video tag.
							









a comprehensive lesson plan




structured learning
learn to type using all your fingers with almost 100 step-by-step exercises. gauge your progress with tests at the end of each step and at the end of the program.





training texts
apply what you’ve learned by practicing with nearly 200 training texts. typing pal’s content is tailored to different age groups.





word waves
discover a fun, educational activity that’s sure to delight by testing your spelling and typing skills!





see all features









dynamic activities that adapt to suit your needs
typing pal’s smart algorithm recommends activities that target the keystrokes you find most challenging.

















exciting games
who doesn’t want to have fun while learning? play typing pal’s three entertaining games to sharpen your reflexes and level up your typing technique. 


















cosmik ball





monkeys in jeopardy





magical duel








incentives to drive motivation
collect more than 100 badgesby completing all the challenges featured in the app. what’s more, the virtual coaches will give you the encouragement you need to keep training until you earn your certificate of achievement.






_environnements


perfect for the whole family
choose from three learning environments featuring coaches, animations and practice texts suited to different age groups.
























dark mode
when working in poorly lit conditions, enable dark mode to reduce screen glare and the eye strain it causes.






















































dark mode
when working in poorly lit conditions, enable dark mode to reduce screen glare and the eye strain it causes.
























































dark mode
when working in poorly lit conditions, enable dark mode to reduce screen glare and the eye strain it causes.




















































_plateformes






connect on windows, chromebook, mac and ipad
subscribe to access typing pal at any time from any computer connected to the internet.
recommended configuration








_edition-scolaire


school edition
looking for an effective learning method for your students? enjoy a wealth of additional features for managing accounts and customizing training with typing pal’s school edition. 
check out the school edition












discoverview all articles








articles - september 17, 2024
dive into word waves

discover typing pal’s latest new training activity by taking a deep dive into word waves’ fun, educational approach to typing. you students are sure to have a whale of a time!










news - june 27, 2024
what’s new for typing pal in 2024?

this year’s update introduces word waves—a brand-new type of educational activity! we’ve also made a host of other improvements, including the option to assign a school’s management to multiple administrators, as requested by our users in education.










tips - september 25, 2023
games: play hard to train hard

typing pal features three games so learners of all skill levels can have fun while practicing their technique. discover cosmik ball, monkeys in jeopardy and magical duel.









sign up for free






typing pal


school edition


personnal/home edition


subscription code




resources


pedagogical resources


blog


speed test

cookies settings

we are hiring!




documentation


user guides


features


new features


conditions of use


privacy policy




support


frequently asked questions


recommended configuration


contact





















©
							2025
							druide informatique inc. all rights reserved. typing pal® is a registered trademark of druide informatique inc.


									from the creators of antidote











 


















