




   home - adat shalom synagogue | adat shalom synagogue






















































































 






 
























menuaboutour historyour clergyour staffour board of directorsmembershipnewsletter – the voiceresourcesadat shalom’s holocaust torah scrollpaymentsrachel elias maisel bukharian textile collection closeeventsupcoming eventscalendarfamily campdaddy daughter danceeat up: cooking with shiraisraeli government with lior closeeducationreligious schoolimmersive israel playscapeb’nai mitzvah handbookteensyouthadult learningfamily closeprayeramidah with matriarchsdaily minyankabbalat shabbatshabbat morninghavdalahbook of remembrancesermonssermons archive closecommunitysisterhoodmen’s clubsocial action groupchesed committeeserve and be servedgreen teamphotosvideos closecontactcontact ussubscribe to enewslettergift shopcateringadat shalom memorial park close



 
 
 

 


 
 














 



home





adat shalom synagogue, located in farmington hills, michigan, is unique among jewish congregations, providing the full resources, services and programming of a large congregation, along with the warmth and friendly atmosphere often associated with smaller synagogues.



 





our mission
adat shalom synagogue nurtures the joys of jewish faith, tradition and community. our congregation encourages and provides opportunities for
lifelong spiritual exploration, cultural growth, friendship and learning.
as an egalitarian congregation rooted in torah, we maintain a setting for:
✡︎ soulful prayer – traditional and contemporary alternatives
✡︎ education – learning from childhood through adulthood
✡︎ zionism – promoting love and support of israel
✡︎ a caring community – helping those in need
✡︎ celebration – enjoying holidays and life-cycle events as a congregational family

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 































about us
we are a congregation with many young families. we take a contemporary look at our congregants' needs and priorities, place a strong emphasis in the continuity of clergy, and offer a wide range of programs for individuals and families. while staunchly committed to israel and to our jewish brothers and sisters everywhere, we remain focused on our more than 1,000 member families throughout the metro detroit area. for membership information, contact michael wolf at 248.851.5100.






our voice
the voice is adat shalom synagogue’s monthly newsletter. dedicated in memory of shirley and harry nachman, the voice includes articles by our clergy and educational staff as well as information about our congregational events and programs. you can also keep up to date with our many affiliate groups, including our men's club, sisterhood and youth groups.






our photos
over our 75+ year history, adat shalom synagogue has always shared photographs from our events and programs. we love seeing our congregants in pictures and hope you also enjoy viewing our photo albums.




























adat shalom synagogue
29901 middlebelt road
farmington hills, michigan 48334
248.851.5100



©2004-2024 adat shalom synagogue | all rights reserved
website by access technology




















