


      richard nakka's experimental rocketry site
    


richard nakka's experimental rocketry web
      site


     
               














latest update: january 23, 2025




   new...2024 version of nakka-rocketry website 
now available for download... click for details






what is this web site all about?



            this web site is devoted to the exciting activity of 
            amateur experimental rocketry !


my goal in producing this web site is
          to share experiences, ideas and technical details of amateur experimental rocketry with
          others around the world who have a similar interest. it is also my  dream to help inspire a future generation of rocket engineers and scientists who will some day take us to mars and beyond... 
i launched my very first
            amateur rocket in 1972. since that time, so very long ago, i've built, tested and flown many rockets,
            powered by motors which i've developed. over the duration of this time, i've kept
            detailed notes of all my work, carefully logged all the flights and
            other tests, and have taken countless photographs. in this web site, i am
            presenting at least a portion of my work.  in addition to my own efforts, i am including some
            remarkable work done by others in pursuit of this exciting and challenging avocation.
          

amateur experimental rocketry ?



amateur experimental
            rocketry is, in my humble opinion, one of the most
            challenging, exciting and educational hobbies.  unlike model
            rocketry or high power rocketry, experimental rocketry is an
            activity whereby rockets are designed and constructed entirely from "scratch".
           most components -- including motor and propellant-- are self-made. the goal of amateur experimental
            rocketry (aer), often referred to as amateur
            rocketry, experimental rocketry or research rocketry, is to design,
            build, test and launch rockets. in this context, rocket may refer
            to the motor itself, or to a complete vehicle that consists of
            motor, fuselage (and stabilizing devices such as fins), nosecone,
            and payload. one of the greatest challenges is to develop and build
            such a motor, one that is safe to produce and operate, reliable,
            and one that provides predictable and consistent performance. a
            second big challenge is to develop a recovery system, such as
            parachute deployment, that operates with a high degree of
            reliability under the demanding conditions of launch followed by
            high speed or high altitude flight. striving to achieve these goals
            (and many others) and to overcome the inevitable obstacles, is what
            makes this such a challenging (and at times frustrating) and
            educational pastime, and one that requires diversified skills
            combined with a good dose of ingenuity. the outcome of all this,
            more often than not, is that one learns to genuinely comprehend
            that which is colloquially known as rocket science.
          
            it might be said, then, that model rocketry and high power rocketry
            are best suited to those who wish to make and fly rockets,
            and experimental rocketry is perhaps best suited to those who
            rather wish to make rockets fly!

contents of this web site are presented for informational
          purposes only. author of this web site cannot assume
          responsibility for the use readers make of the information presented
          herein or the devices resulting therefrom. amateur experimental
          rocketry has many inherent hazards that must be fully understood
          before one can consider becoming actively involved. safety must
          always be considered as top priority. anything less is a disservice
          to all amateur experimental rocketry enthusiasts.  if you do not  have first-rate common sense, or if you are
willing to take shortcuts that compromise safety, then aer is not for you.
          




              latest news



april 5, 2024-- fellow ex rocketry enthusiast steve peterson has written a compelling article on end-burning rockets. an end-burning rocket (formerly referred to as cigarette burning) has the distinct feature of burning solely at the end of the propellant grain, unlike typical rocket motors that burn radially. the result is a long burn time combined with relatively low thrust. what i found fascinating about the article is that steve demonstrates that use of an end-burning rocket is a much more efficient means of attempting to achieve very high altitudes, compared to typical rockets. definite food for thought.
some thoughts on end-burning amateur rockets

october 26, 2023-- over the past 5 years i have conducted nearly 100 static test firings in support of developing propellants based on ammonium or potassium perchlorate. an important aspect of this testing is the determination of burn rate parameters, which are key characteristics for designing rocket motors utilizing the (more successful) of these propellants. to aid the process, i came up with a simplified method of calculating the burn rate coefficient (a) and pressure exponent (n) of any new formulation. this method employs the time-pressure curves of two or more static test results, and provides reasonably accurate results for designing experimental motors. the method is described in my new web page simplified method to estimate burn rate parameters.next on my agenda is to work on completing the introduction to experimental rocket design webpages.
march 6, 2023-- i have updated my theory page on two-phase flow to be more comprehesive in providing design information for rocket motors with condensed-phase (smoke) in the exhaust. this is especially relevant for sugar propellant motors, of which the exhaust products are nearly 44% condensed-phase.
november 14, 2022-- i've been using graphite as a nozzle material for my ancp and apcp powered experimental motors. i'd found that graphite erodes when the propellant formulations contain aluminum. this erosion is problematic for a number of reasons. fortunately, i came up with a method of toughening a graphite nozzle such that erosion is essentially eliminated. i have described this method in a document i have uploaded to my site. toughening graphite for rocket nozzle durability






        quick access to web pages on this
        site





general 


safety    precautions d'usage

photo
          galleries of my early rocketry work, years 1972-1986

rocket
          video clips

who is richard nakka?

how i got started in rocketry      

          how i got started in rocketry -- pdf format)  

early rocketry experiments      quick loading version

rocketry related technical
          references   jan.7/25
 rocketry
          software   dec.5/24

links to rocketry resources   jan. 20/25

sneak preview   apr.19/24

lecture on rocketry presented in luleå, sweden
 lecture notes - presentation to university of reykjavik, iceland, may 2008
the art and science of rocketry photography
 list of notable amateur rocket builders
              mar.1/24

motors 

impulser rocket motor ("i"
          class)

a-100m rocket motor ("g"
          class)    moteur de fusée d'a-100m

b-200 rocket motor ("h"
          class)

c-400 rocket motor ("i"
          class)

a-100 rocket motor ("g"
          class)

kappa rocket
          motor ("k" class)

juno rocket
          motor ("j" class) -- preliminary design

lambda rocket
          motor ("l" class) -- preliminary design
 juno rocket
          motor  -- static test jdx-001 report

lambda rocket
          motor  -- static test ldx-001 report

pvc rocket
          motors -- introduction and performance ("g", "h", & "i" motors)
       

pvc rocket
          motors -- design
       

pvc rocket
          motors --tools
       
 pvc rocket
          motors --construction
       

pvc rocket
          motors -- igniters, mounts & conclusion
       

pvc rocket
          motors -- introduction & performance ("j/k" class motors)
       

pvc rocket
          motors - tools,construction & conclusion ("j/k" class motors)
            

k1000 pvc rocket
          motor
       

f70 pvc rocket
          motor
       

kappa ("k"
          class) rocket motor -- preliminary design

kappa-dx rocket
          motor -- static test kdx-001 report  
        
kappa-dx rocket
          motor -- static test kdx-002 report  
        
kappa-sb rocket
          motor -- static test ksb-001 report

kappa-sb rocket
          motor -- static test ksb-002 report  
 
epoch rocket
          motor ("i" class composite)

paradigm rocket
          motor ("j" class composite)

calculation of
          total and specific impulse from test data

igniter systems
 nitrate-based igniters for composite propellant

case-bonding
          of a high-modulus propellant grain

thermal
          protection for rocket motor casings
 rocket motor
          design charts -- chamber pressure

thermal
         ablative experimentation

machining of rocket nozzles
 reinforcement method for pvc motor casings  
 thermite experiments
 toughening graphite for rocket nozzle durability    
propellants 

amateur
          experimental solid propellants   oct.18/24

the          potassium nitrate/sucrose propellant (knsu)

the potassium nitrate/dextrose propellant (kndx)
 the potassium nitrate/sorbitol propellant (knsb) 
 the potassium nitrate/potassium perchlorate/sorbitol propellant (knpsb) 

knsu propellant
          chemistry and performance characteristics

kndx propellant
          chemistry and performance characteristics

knsb propellant
          chemistry and performance characteristics

the potassium nitrate/epoxy composite propellant (rnx) 
technical
          notepad -- knsu ideal performance calculations

technical
          notepad -- kndx ideal performance calculations

technical
          notepad -- knsb ideal performance calculations

technical
          notepad -- kner ideal performance calculations

technical
          notepad -- a24 ideal performance calculations

technical
          notepad -- rnx-71v ideal performance calculations

technical
          notepad -- rnx-57 ideal performance calculations

technical
          notepad -- knpsb ideal performance calculations

technical
          notepad -- knxy ideal performance calculations

propellant casting and grain preparation for the a-100m motor

inert propellant

propellant   burn rate

burn rate determination from static test pressure measurement

strand burner
          for burn rate measurements

simplified method to estimate burn rate parameters   jul.10/24

kn-dextrose
          & kn-sorbitol propellants -- burn rate
          experimentation

effect of
          potassium nitrate grade on propellant performance

the kn-sucrose propellant -- a historical look
          back

problems
          relating to the casting of sleeve-bonded propellant segments
           for the kappa-dx rocket motor static test kdx-001

propellant
          igniteability experiment  

propellant
          inhibitor experiment 
experiments with potassium nitrate - epoxy formulations  

burn characteristics of sorbitol based propellants
experiments with oxides and other possible burn rate modifiers
synthesis of potassium nitrate from other chemicals
purification of low-grade potassium nitrate

experiments with ammonium nitrate / aluminum based propellant formulations        spanish translation


development of a metalized ammonium nitrate-based propellant  

harvesting aluminum powder from paint  
testing 

rocket motor static testing 

          measuring chamber pressure and 
determining c-star and thrust coefficient


          sts-5000 static test stand

hydraulic load
          cell for thrust measurement

strain gage
          load cell for thrust measurement
 mounting strain gages on a loadcell  
 strain gages available to purchase 
 pressure transformer  

rockets 
 xi series of rocket flights   jan.6/25
 introduction to experimental rocket design     jan.23/25
 launch report - flight a-2 (2022)
 zeta series of rocket flights
 ds series of rocket flights
 launch report -frostfire 3 rocket

launch report -skydart rocket, flight sd-1

launch report -skydart rocket, flight sd-2

launch report -skydart rocket, flight sd-3

launch report -frostfire two rocket

launch report -zephyr rocket, flight ze-1
launch report -zephyr rocket, flight ze-2

launch report -zephyr rocket, flight ze-3

boreas 1 rocket 
 
launch report -- epoch rocket motor (unofficial) inaugural flight

launch report - boreas 1 inaugural flight

launch report - boreas 1, flight #2

launch report - boreas 1, flight #3

launch report - boreas 1, flight #4

launch report - boreas 1, flight #5

launch report - frostfire one

cirrus
          project

cirrus one
          launch report
 cirrus tv-1
          launch report

launch report - chuck knight's photo1 rocket

rocket construction

fins for rocket stability

construction of a rocket body using sheet
          aluminum 
rocket body structural strength

launch support system
 launch controller circuit  
 emt tripod rocket launcher  
 simplified method for estimating  the flight performance of a rocket  

smoke tracking

altimeter correction to account for launch site temperature
 launch wagon description  
 some thoughts on end-burning amateur rockets  by steve peterson    

recovery system 

ds rocket recovery system description

rocket parachute ejection system -- zephyr, boreas and frostfire series (schematic)

rocket recovery system timer
air-speed triggering system for parachute deployment

parachute design and
          construction

parts list (parachute construction)


          parachute structural and drag testing


     cross parachute  construction


       construction of a   1 metre cross parachute  


          crimson powder for parachute ejection charge (v1.5)  

pyrogen - delay ejection device (pyro-ded)  

theory


solid rocket motor theory index page

introduction to solid rocket motor theory

basic assumptions

propellant grain

propellant combustion

nozzle theory

motor thrust
 motor impulse
 chamber pressure

two-phase flow

corrections for actual rocket motors

guipep propellant performance software

theory appendices

solid rocket motor theory webpages in pdf format  

teoría sobre motores cohete de propelente sólido (spanish translation)   

teoria de motor-foguete sólido (portugese translation)


théorie des moteurs de fusée à propulseur solide (french translation)  

fundamentos de propulsão sólida de foguetes (portugese)  10 mbyte

derivation of selected rocket equations

miscellaneous 

technical
          notepad - convective heat transfer coefficient calculation

numerical simulation of the
under-expanded flow in the
experimental conical nozzle helios-x

simulación numérica del flujo
sub-expandido en la tobera cónica
experimental helios-x  

construction of a balance scale for precision
          weighing


          experimental reports

downloads

arabic translation of solid propellant rocket motor design and testing by r.nakka (translation by mohamed elaouni)(pdf format)  


links to over 100 nasa space vehicle design (sp8000) reports

links to selected stinet reports

does a rocket have a soul...?

inspirational quotations for the rocketeer  









   if you have any questions or comments  feel free to send me e-mail  
include the word "rocketry" in the subject line to ensure your e-mail gets past my spam filter   



reports of broken links or
          viewing, graphics, & downloading problems are much appreciated
          !














enter your search terms

submit search form



 





web


nakka-rocketry.net













          this site originally posted july 1997






"a man's reach should exceed his grasp...else,
        what's the heavens for?"









