
dinosaur comics - february 14th, 2025 - awesome fun times!about•archive•contact•sexy exciting merch•take over the world•searchread tomorrow's comic today!  if you dare!! – –seriously though. it ruins my suspension of disbelief!share this comic with pals:share on blueskypermalink




						more ways to enjoy:
					




rss feed



tumblr feed



read tomorrow's comic today :0



my monthly mailing list



transcriptt-rex: "new wave" music is from the 1970s: a post-punk and more electronics-based sound!t-rex: but!t-rex: there's also "bossa nova" music, which, translated, also means "new wave", and it's from the 50s with a calmer, samba-influenced sound! so what the heck, how can there be two new waves in music??dromiceiomimus: if you don't like that, then don't look up "modernism"!narrator: but he does:t-rex: modernism is from the nineteenth century?? that's not modern, that is history times!!utahraptor: look, you've got to accept that everything needs a name, but plenty of names don't make sense now, or sometimes never did - and many concepts are unstable or evolving. use them as signifiers of concepts, not of meaning!t-rex: ...no! no, i'd rather art make sense, thank you very much!!narrator: later, art does not make sense:t-rex: #$%@!what are the haps my friends




all your problems are overfebruary 14th, 2025: there are too many waves and none of them are new anymore.  after 6 weeks you get renamed to "old wave", or, if i may be so bold, "wave-old.mp3"one year ago today: we let people say the internet "didn't count" because we knew it did, and then woke up one day to discover that we were right all along and now it counted more than anything else. now it would change the course of lives, elections, countries, civilizations, and it would do that even if you never logged in once in your life because it changed everything and everyone, no take-backsies.  whoopsies– ryanmy new book!my new book is out now! perhaps you will... enjoy it??big ups and shouts outsome things you can do to be awesome:• check out our secret flickr keywords• see something adorable• stalk me on twitter or tumblrhaha okay so listen when i said "stalk" i was just jokingsome things you can do to help others:• join our distributed computing team!• microloan with team webcomics!some comics i would totally marry:a softer worldachewoodbad machinerybuttercup festivalcat and girlcopperdiesel sweetiesdresden codakdr. mcninjadumbing of agegunnerkrigg courtgunshowhark! a vagrantmspanedroidnine planetsoctopus piepenny arcadequestionable contentsam and fuzzythe perry bible fellowshiptp4dwonderellawondermarkxkcd  

