





lover's lane antiques – antiques and other thoughtful gifts for true lovers



































skip to content




 lover's lane antiquesantiques and other thoughtful gifts for true lovers 

            menu        
antiques and furniture

antique lamps
the loveseat
a nice, cozy bed


gifts from the heart

jewelry boxes
a luxurious bathrobe
toys for the bedroom
rearview mirror trinkets


privacy policy
 







 

the loveseat 
posted on july 19, 2019july 19, 2019 by greg hernandez 



when you want to snuggle with your loved one for a movie night at home, or simply want to cuddle up with them while watching television on a lazy sunday afternoon, you may think that all couches are exactly the same, but that is definitely not the case! for lovers to get close and intimate with each other, there is no better couch that the loveseat!
for those who don’t know, the loveseat is essentially a
smaller version of your typical couch. instead of having three couch cushions
made to fit three people comfortable, the loveseat has just two couch cushions,
made just to fit two people comfortably. now if you have a larger family, it
obviously makes sense to utilize the standard couch. but when you are just
looking to use the couch for you and your lover in particularly, the loveseat
is exactly what you need!
by simply sitting in the
loveseat, you are immediately up close and personal with your lover, allowing
you to initiate lots of physical touch and create an effortless intimacy that
simply cannot be replicated with a typical couch. even if you snuggle up to one
side, the other end of the couch will be open and will leave an awkward space.
but with the loveseat, both ends are punctuated with the armrests, leaving the
two of you to fit snugly not just in the loveseat itself, but also in each
other’s arms as well.
now if you are hesitant about
utilizing a loveseat for your living room configuration, keep in mind that the
loveseat doesn’t have to be out in a public space. you can just as easily place
your lovely loveseat in your bedroom, particularly at the foot of your bed or
in a corner of the room, leaving you and your lover a cozy place to sit and
talk (saving the bed itself for more exciting activities, if you know what i
mean).
loveseats, like all couches, come in all sorts of unique designs, with these being some of the most popular. they can be made out of leather or out of softer fabric materials. and they can be colored in just about any color imaginable. plus, the throw pillows and couch cushions that complete the loveseat ensemble itself can be customized to create even more variations to the overall look and feel of the piece of furniture. no matter what sort of loveseat you get from a customization perspective, the sheer design of the loveseat itself will ensure pure intimacy between you and your lover whenever the two of you seat yourselves in one – that much is just about guaranteed!







search for:



categories

no categories 











            © lover's lane antiques 2025                            base wp designed by iografica themes.                    







