










positive discipline | dr. jane nelsen























skip to main content
















search form

search










 
 
 
 
 

customer service 1-800-456-7770


 my account


 0 items









toggle navigation







 my account


 login


 0 items













search form

search









home
about
products
events
blog
contact
 


 sign up for our newsletter








 



home




















parenting
teach your children important social and life skills with our parenting program of encouragement and mutual respect for every life stage.
learn more







classroom management
find classroom management strategies that help students build community, prepares them for successful living, and increases academic achievement in the classroom.
learn more







training & certification
help parents and teachers discover positive parenting solutions and teaching strategies through experiential activities and workshops that build respect at home and in the classroom.
learn more











featured products



we offer a wide range of products for parents and teachers including books, cds, dvds, tool cards, downloads, and training packages. click here for our complete catalog.



 

 
 parenting class package 
 $34.99 
 more details 
 

 
 positive discipline book 
 $16.99 
 more details 
 

 
 positive discipline parenting tool cards 
 $12.99 
 more details  
 


online learning



 



positive discipline offers online learning options for parents, teachers, and parent educators. learn in the comfort of your own home and at your own pace. you have unlimited access to our online streaming programs, so you can watch and re-watch the videos as often as you like.
learn more


 


become a certified positive discipline parent educator



 



positive discipline parent education is based on the theories of alfred adler and rudolf dreikurs, and brought to life by jane nelsen and lynn lott in this experiential training. the parent educator online training includes 6 1/2 hours of live-filmed training and requires about 5 1/2 hours of homework to help develop the skills required in order to become a certified positive discipline parent educator. at the end of this training, you will be ready to lead your own parenting classes. ce credit and university credit available. haga clic aquí para la versión en español
learn more


 


classroom management certification



 



hundreds of schools worldwide use these amazingly effective positive discipline strategies for restoring order and civility in today's turbulent classrooms. now you too can use this philosophy as a foundation for fostering cooperation, problem-solving skills, and mutual respect. just imagine, instead of spending your time and energy trying to manage and control misbehavior, you can enjoy teaching. instead of confronting apathy, you will enjoy motivated, eager, engaged students!
learn more


 








our founder


dr. jane nelsen is a licensed marriage and family therapist and child counselor in san diego, ca. jane’s doctorate degree in educational psychology (from the university of san francisco in 1979) is secondary to the education and experience she achieved from her successes and failures as a mother of seven children. she now shares this wealth of knowledge and experience as a popular keynote speaker and workshop leader throughout the country. jane is the author and co-author of the best-selling positive discipline series. watch as dr. jane nelsen discusses the five criteria for positive discipline.
 
learn more






 









latest articles



 strong willed child  

 prepare the group in advance – early childhood tool card  

 teaching kids emotional regulation skills   

 bullying siblings  

 encouragement: what does it mean and how is it done?  

 empowering young minds: positive discipline’s wheel of choice  




upcoming events



 02/15/2025 
 international workshops 
 monterrey, méxico - disciplina positiva en la familia  

 02/24/2025 
 parenting classes 
 los angeles - online via zoom - help! i'm having too many power struggles!  

 02/24/2025 
 parenting classes 
 los angeles - online via zoom - understanding the mistaken goals of misbehavior  



    view all events  




 
additional resources



tools for kids




spanish resources





officially licensed programs




podcasts




free downloads




certified facilitators



 











products for parents

positive discipline teaches young people from an early age to become responsible, respectful, and resourceful members of their communities. based on the best-selling positive discipline parenting books by child psychologist dr. jane nelsen, positive discipline teaches important social and life skills in a manner that is deeply respectful and encouraging for both children and parents. recent research tells us that children are hardwired from birth to connect with others, and that children who feel a sense of connection to their community, family, and school are less likely to misbehave. positive discipline is based on the understanding that the key to positive parenting is not punishment, but mutual respect.
learn more








products for teachers 

do you find yourself spending time in the classroom controlling behavior and confronting apathetic students? you don't have to — positive discipline's proven, time-tested classroom management strategies foster cooperation and mutual respect in children. positive discipline in the classroom gives you the tools to create a classroom atmosphere that motivates students and enhances learning.
learn more















positive discipline apps


looking for non-punitive parenting tools to solve power struggles and other behavior challenges? you have come to the right place. our positive discipline apps provide just that—alternatives to punishment that also teach children valuable social and life skills such as self-discipline, responsibility, cooperation, and problem-solving skills. these skills help children develop a sense of self-reliance and capability that will serve them throughout their lives. 




 
learn more




 












connect with us

 
 
 
 
 



terms & conditions
privacy statement
foreign rights
resources




copyright 2025 positive discipline - all rights reserved.










