


affordable moving company in san antonio | budget movers































 
				close
			



 
				skip to content
			




				high contrast
			



 
				increase text size
			



 
				clear all
			














call today!
210-920-7938























								areas we serve
							





alamo heights movers

terrell hills movers

the dominion movers

olmos park movers

boerne movers

hollywood park movers

new braunfels movers

fair oaks ranch movers

shavano park movers

stone oak movers




								about
							





consumer rights and responsibilities

items not covered

items we cannot pack

careers

get a quote




								moving services
							





local movers

long distance movers

office movers

packing

residential movers

storage

designer receiving 

senior transitioning 




								reviews
							


								book now
							


								moving guides
							





2024





july

june

may

march

february

january



2023





december

november

october

july

june

may

april

march

february



2022





december

november

october

september

august

july

june

may

april
































								budget movers
							


							full-service movers in texas



							serving san antonio, olmos park, alamo heights and beyond!
						

							budget moving and storage is dedicated to providing excellent service to its customers by prioritizing their needs and moving their possessions quickly and carefully. the company utilizes a fleet of well-maintained vehicles and professional equipment to ensure the safe transport of belongings, and its team of experienced texas residents is knowledgeable in the moving industry. budget moving and storage is licensed, bonded, and insured for added peace of mind.
tx dmv#: 009341938c - us dot#: 1967694tx
if you have trouble hearing, please call: 210-491-9456
						





moving? see how we can help!

our services





ready to book?

request a quote

























serving san antonio for 40 years
ask your friends about us. chances are "we probably moved them."










discover why we're everyone's favorite texas moving company! one of the best local movers in san anto ready to help you move anywhere & everywhere

if you are searching for a professional movers in san antonio to help with your next relocation, look no further than budget movers. our movers deliver the highest quality moving services and customer care possible. with over 40 years of experience, our moving company has helped hundreds of residents move in san antonio and throughout texas. when you're looking for some of the best local and long distance movers in san antonio, you're in the right spot. give us a call at (210) 920-7938 or contact us online!san antonio moving services you can rely onlooking for reliable, trustworthy, and affordable movers in san antonio? look no further than budget movers. our comprehensive range of moving services ensures a stress-free and easy move. with experienced movers who take pride in providing exceptional service, we can handle both local and long-distance moves with ease. choose budget movers for a hassle-free moving experience.our moving services include:local movesoffice movespackingstoragesenior transitioningresidential moveslong distance movesat budget movers, no move is too big or small for our expert team of movers. with the necessary resources, we ensure a safe and efficient relocation experience. over 80% of our customers are repeat clients or referrals, demonstrating our commitment to providing exceptional service.you can trust our professional movers to transport your belongings safely, affordably, and efficiently using top-of-the-line equipment and expertise. we offer a full suite of moving solutions from start to finish, beginning with a free estimate for every service. choose budget movers for a stress-free and seamless moving experience. before you move, check out your consumer rights and responsibilities from the fmcsa.to learn more, or to schedule a moving service, call our team today at (210) 920-7938. if you have trouble hearing, please call: 210-491-9456expert packing and unpacking servicesat budget movers, we understand that the packing and unpacking process can be overwhelming and time-consuming. that's why we offer expert packing and unpacking services to make your move as stress-free as possible. our team of professional movers will carefully and efficiently pack and unpack your belongings, ensuring that everything arrives at your new location safely and securely.benefits of our packing and unpacking services include:save time and effortreduce the risk of damage to your belongingsexpert handling of fragile and valuable itemscustomized packing solutions to meet your specific needspeace of mind knowing your move is in capable handscommonly asked questionsdo you offer packing services for moving?yes, our moving company provides professional packing services to help make your relocation as stress-free as possible. our experienced packers will ensure that your belongings are carefully and securely packed for the move.what types of moving services do you offer in san antonio?we offer a comprehensive range of moving services, including local moves, office moves, packing, storage, senior transitioning, residential moves, and long-distance moves. our team is equipped to handle all your moving needs with expertise and care.how experienced are your movers?our movers have extensive experience in the moving industry, with a combined experience of over 40 years. they are highly skilled and dedicated to providing exceptional service, ensuring a smooth and efficient relocation experience for our clients.what sets your moving company apart from others in san antonio?our moving company stands out for our commitment to delivering the highest quality moving services and customer care. we prioritize the safety and satisfaction of our clients, and our track record of over 80% repeat clients or referrals speaks to the trust and confidence our customers have in our services.do you provide free estimates for your moving services?yes, we offer free estimates for all our moving services. whether you're planning a local move, long-distance move, or any other type of relocation, we are dedicated to providing transparent and upfront pricing to help you plan your move with confidence.
























 
								where is budget movers located?
							

								our office is located:
							

								15279 bulverde rd. san antonio, tx. visit us and speak to a representative today! 
call today and schedule an appointment: 210-920-7938. if you have trouble hearing, please call: 210-491-9456.
							





moving services




packing




storage





							we offer a wide range of services. from moving to packing to storage. learn more about all the services we offer.
						


								all services
							












a quality guarantee backed by excellence

we have over 40+ years of success serving san antonio, texas with local & long-distance moving servicesour licensed, full-time movers have been expertly trained in-house to handle all your belongings with care and respect. we offer stress-free moving services for apartments, houses, and offices in san antonio and surrounding areas. trust us to handle even the most awkward staircases, elevators, and hallways. from bulky to fragile items, we've got you covered. contact us for high-quality moving, packing, and storage services.ready to get the high-quality, professional moving help you deserve? call us at (210) 920-7938 or fill out our quick and easy online form today.



request quote




























 
							budget movers reviews and testimonials
						

							we'll move mountains for our customers
						

							read what our clients say about our top-rated moving services in san antonio!
						









“they were flexible, professional, hardworking and outstanding customer service. my move date changed several times and they were very accommodating. it was triple digit temps, large home with heavy furniture and it did not slow these men down.”


pam s.




“from the beginning to the end, these guys are the best! we’ve moved quite a bit and had lots of movers... until we found these guys!!! laz, rob and will were so helpful, happy and careful. we actually had a very fun time moving with these guys!!”


katie l.




“i have used budget movers for over 20 years and will continue to do so because they provide affordable quality service that is hard to find. chris bends over backwards to insure quality service and accommodates to fit your needs!”


david c.




“they showed up on time and got the job done within the timeframe the estimator had told us. this was our 8th move over the past 25 years and i think it was the best. i highly recommend budget!”


brien k.




“i counted up and i have used budget movers for 10 moves in 20 years. they are wonderful to work with and do incredible work.chris, the owner, is on top of everything. if there were more than 5 stars i would rate them higher. full service for sure.”


judy g.











 / 









									read more reviews
								






								leave a review
							


















 
										get a free moving quote
									

										contact us today! we also move long-distance!
									










ready to book?


request a quote







































210-920-7938





tx dmv#: 009341938c - us dot#: 1967694tx





								main office
							


							15279 bulverde rd. san antonio, tx 78247
						
map & directions






								quick links
							




about

moving services

reviews







								follow us
							

















ask your friends about us. 
			
chances are "we probably moved them."
		 















© 2025 all rights reserved.



site map


privacy policy




consumer help line, txdmv 1/888-368-4689.

























