











miller & levine biology program | interact with biology phenomena


























































 









product catalogs 

customer gateway 







savvas realize®
my savvas training
savvas easybridge
my savvas orders
customer worktext portal








search





cart




login














































solutions



backsolutions
                            


literacy



back literacy
                                                


core programs view all 


three cheers for pre-k
uno, dos, tres ¡prekínder!
myview literacy
mivisión lectura
myperspectives® english language arts




personalized learning view all 


successmaker reading
ilit45
ilitell




assessments view all 


momentum literacy screener and diagnostic assessments
momentum dyslexia screener




libraries view all 


ilit20
reading with relevance




supplemental programs view all 


savvas essentials: foundational reading
words their way classroom
palabras a su paso salón de clases
savvas now literacy
d’nealian handwriting







mathematics



back mathematics
                                                


core programs view all 


experience math grades k-5
experience math grades 6-8
envision mathematics © 2024 grades k-5
envision mathematics ©2024 grades 6-8
envision a|g|a ©2024 (algebra 1, geometry, algebra 2)
envision integrated mathematics © 2024
investigations 3




advanced placement® view all 


calculus: graphical numerical algebraic ap edition




personalized learning view all 


successmaker math
successmaker foundations of high school math




assessments view all 


momentum math




dual enrollment - outlier by savvas view all 


calculus i
precalculus
college algebra
intro to statistics







science



back science
                                                


core programs view all 


experience science k-5
elevatescience
interactive science
miller & levine biology
experience chemistry
experience physics
environmental science
earth science
physical science: concepts in action
marine science
savvas health







social studies



back social studies
                                                


core programs view all 


myworld interactive k-5 social studies
myworld interactive american history
myworld interactive world geography
myworld interactive world history
civics interactive
economics
magruder’s american government interactive
u.s. history interactive
world history interactive




supplemental programs view all 


project imagine: u.s. history
project imagine: world history







dual enrollment



back dual enrollment
                                                


dual enrollment - outlier by savvas view all 


outlier dual enrollment courses




subjects view all 


business
stem
social sciences







career & technical education



back career & technical education
                                                


all cte programs, career clusters, and cte pathways view all 


agriculture, food & natural resources
architecture & construction
arts, a/v technology & communications
business management & administration
education & training
finance
health science
information technology
marketing
science, technology, engineering & mathematics
transportation, distribution & logistics







supplemental & intervention



back supplemental & intervention
                                                


supplemental programs view all 


savvas essentials: foundational reading
words their way classroom
palabras a su paso salón de clases
savvas now literacy
d’nealian handwriting




personalized learning view all 


successmaker reading
successmaker math
successmaker foundations of high school math
ilit45
ilitell




libraries view all 


ilit20
reading with relevance







more solutions



back more solutions
                                                


solutions view all 


savvas realize
music
savvas complete solution 
savvas one
world languages
driver education




assessments view all 


savvas momentum assessment suite
momentum math
momentum literacy screener and diagnostic assessments
momentum dyslexia screener




essentials view all 


back to school
summer school curriculum










services



backservices
                            

siop
professional learning




resource center



backresource center
                            


blogs & podcasts


fresh ideas for teaching
savvas insights
podcasts
college and career readiness




events & webinars


on-demand webinar hub
event calendar




more topics


science of reading 
multilingual learner and english learner solutions
grants and funding
school stories
research & efficacy
teacher resources
parents' corner







company



backcompany
                            


learn about savvas


about us
leadership
newsroom
awards and recognition
equity & inclusion




join us


careers




subsidiaries


rubicon







contact



























savvas learning company >


science >


miller & levine biology >










miller & levine biology program


miller & levine biology is the best-selling blended biology program that immerses students in inquiry, so they think, investigate, and talk about biology. a wide array of support resources fosters engagement and success in the class.

differentiated materials for learners at all levels
accessible writing style connects with young students
instruction rooted in real-world stories
flexible resources on the savvas realize® lms


request more information
view brochure

































high school biology curriculum - interact with biology phenomena



see life in a whole new way with a high school biology curriculum emphasizing inquiry and interaction through problem-based learning.
















phenomena-driven learning


a foundational part of an ngss curriculum, the focus on real-world biology phenomena gives purpose to what students learn and keeps them interested in finding out more about a topic.














 support every student



authors miller and levine designed the biology program to include practical reading strategies, support, and visual learning aids, plus english learner resources, so every student can succeed in the class.















end-of-chapter wrap ups



after each chapter, students have to create personal solutions or applications then engage in discussions supported by evidence and work with their peers in an activity unique to this program.















learner-driven environment



every unit focuses on a long-term problem to foster analytical thinking, collaboration, and self-direction. the connect, investigate, synthesize, demonstrate (cisd) model appeals to modern competencies.







view the brochure











biology program teaching solutions for grades 9-10















three-dimensional learning 









accessible content 









multifaceted assessments 









phenomena-based learning 









problem-based learning 















three-dimensional learning                                

                            












active journal 








develop scientific habits through authentic problem-based learning activities, case studies, lesson activities, and performance tasks. 










crosscutting concepts 









woven crosscutting concepts reinforce understanding through engaging multimedia.
 










practical applications 









integrated practices and concepts deepen student understanding of core biology ideas.
 











schedule a demo










 









accessible content                                

                            












reading and study guide workbook 









the biology foundations: reading and study guide workbook boosts biology comprehension with focused summaries and science literacy practice.
 










visual supplements 









enhance understanding with visual analogies, dynamic photos, illustrations, diagrams, and infographics for a more engaging learning experience.
 










encourage interactivity 









engaging, interactive multimedia enhances student engagement and promotes meaningful learning
 










ell support 









comprehensive eld support fosters language development and academic growth across all domains.
 










differentiation resources 









modified instructional strategies integrated at point-of-use allows teachers to multiple levels of learners. 
 











schedule a demo










 









multifaceted assessments                                

                            












real-world inquiry 









real-world assessments for stem mastery
 










flexible instruction 









targeted formative assessments drive instructional adjustments for student success.
 










self-motivation 









chapter study guides empower all learners with summaries and effective study tools.
 










chapter assessments rigorous 









chapter assessments drive understanding, connect concepts, and assess critical thinking.
 










three-dimensional assessments 









three-dimensional assessments integrate science practices, crosscutting concepts, and core ideas.
 











schedule a demo










 









phenomena-based learning                                

                            












case studies 









launch every chapter with a captivating case study in analytical thinking and scientific inquiry.
 










connecting activities 









connect chapter concepts to case studies through data analysis activities, labs, figures, and assessment questions, enhancing understanding.
 










develop scientific reasoning 









promote argument-driven discussions through data analysis and scientific reasoning. 
 










scientific careers 









students explore diverse careers beyond science through real-world case studies and biographies. 










science and technology 









explore science and its impact on society through cutting-edge technologies.
 











schedule a demo










 









problem-based learning                                

                            












unit problems 









ignite analytical thinking, collaboration, and self-directed learning through engaging, problem-based units that incorporate all three dimensions.
 










self-directed learning 









empower students to choose their own subjects and design solutions with problem-based learning.
 










digital explorer’s journal 









enhance problem-based learning with the online digital explorer's journal for note-taking, data analysis, and progress tracking.
 










real-life problem solving 









students build research skills and problem-solving abilities through relevant investigations that deepen understanding of chapter concepts.
 










21st century skills 









foster 21st-century skill development: research, analysis, collaboration, and more.
 










building essential knowledge 









students gain problem-solving knowledge with quick labs, virtual activities, readings, and stem projects.
 










frameworks for thinking 









guide students through problem-based learning with comprehensive instructional materials. 











schedule a demo














 













take a deeper look into the features of miller & levine biology






 explore
 






levine - ignite curiosity

author joe levine discusses how the program’s inquiry-based learning meets the next generation science standards.







 explore
 






miller - ignite curiosity

author ken miller takes a quick tour of the textbook to show what’s new in this curriculum.








discover more features












authorship team with roots in education leadership and research





















joseph s. levine, ph.d., author


joseph s. levine, ph.d. was born in mount vernon, new york,
attended public schools, and graduated from mount vernon high
school. 
       
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      




                                                he studied at tufts university and earned his ph.d. in biology
working between harvard university and the marine biological
laboratory in woods hole. he has taught at boston college and
boston university, and at the organization for tropical studies in
costa rica. following a fellowship at wgbh-tv, he served as science
correspondent for national public radio, and as scientific advisor to
nova for programs including "judgment day" for omni-max films,
"coral reef adventure," and for the pbs series "the secret
of life" and "the evolution project." he designed exhibits for state
aquaria in texas, new jersey, and florida, and has led seminars
and professional development workshops across the united states,
mexico, puerto rico, the u.s. virgin islands, indonesia, malaysia,
and singapore—where he served as “outstanding educator in
residence” for the ministry of education. he was recently elected
a fellow of aaas. levine lives in concord, massachusetts, a short
distance from the old north bridge, and thoreau‘s walden pond.
                                            


















	
kenneth r. miller, ph.d., author



ken miller, ph.d., is professor emeritus of biology at brown university
in providence, rhode island.        
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      




                                                he grew up in rahway, new jersey,
attended the local public schools, and graduated from rahway high
school. miller attended brown university as an undergraduate and
earned his ph.d. in cell biology at the university of colorado. his
research work on cellular membranes has been published in journals
such as cell, nature, the journal of cell biology, and scientific
american. his popular books include "finding darwin‘s god—a
scientist’s search for common ground between god and evolution,"
and most recently "the human instinct—how we evolved to have
reason, consciousness, and free will." his honors include the public
service award from the american society for cell biology, the
distinguished service award from the national association of biology
teachers, the aaas award for public engagement with science, the
stephen jay gould prize from the society for the study of evolution,
and the laetare medal from notre dame university. miller lives with
his wife, jody, on a small farm in rehoboth, massachusetts. he is the
father of two daughters, one a wildlife biologist and the other a high
school history teacher. in his free time, he umpires high school and
ncaa softball.
                                            













prev
next


































new digital technologies for k-12 ecosystem















 
savvas realize
savvas realize brings our award-winning content to life in an exciting digital experience that students love.  for teachers and admins,  it includes valuable classroom-management tools like auto-rostering, single-sign-on, and available integrations with many top k-12 lmss.















 
savvas one
a next-generation learning solution that provides an all-inclusive, one-year digital license to our most popular math, literacy, science, and social studies national k–12 programs.


















discover how miller & levine biology supports high school science instruction















 reading and study guide 









problem-based learning workbook 









miller & levine biology program overview 













foundations workbook

  learn about the workbook’s features and ways it can be used to support student development in the classroom.

 view workbook 








 







digital explorer’s journal

 the ultimate tool to help students navigate problem-based learning activities. flip through the pages for a look at the questions students think through and the ways they tie to the textbook.

 view a sample workbook 








 







overview brochure

take an in-depth look at the teaching philosophy and tools that immerse students in a compelling biology class.

 view program overview 








 




















                                                    school stories
                                                
"i have used the miller & levine biology program since it was first introduced with the elephant book. i have always been impressed with the content and all of the teacher and student support material."
– deborah, miller & levine biology teacher
houston, tx
get inspired 

















miller & levine biology : frequently asked questions                                

                            












what is miller & levine biology and what are the components? 








miller & levine biology is a next generation high school biology program that makes biology exciting and relevant to students. developed by two preeminent biologists and passionate educators, ken miller and joe levine, this bestselling biology curriculum immerses students in biological inquiry. students think, investigate, and talk about biology. they interact with natural phenomena through hands-on and virtual student inquiry activities, problem-based learning and lab experiments. miller & levine biology is made of the following program components.
take an interactive tour of miller & levine biology.
the program includes:
miller & levine biology digital courseware on savvas realize™ includes robust digital tools that give teachers flexibility to use a digital, print, or blended format in their classrooms. teachers can customize the program to rearrange content, upload their own content, add links to online media, and edit resources and assessments. program-specific resources, flexible agnostic resources, and assessments are available in one location for easy lesson planning and presentation.
teacher edition - available in digital and print, the wrap-around teacher edition provides point-of-use instructional strategies to support students as they make sense of the phenomena, answers to activities and assessments and classroom modifications to adjust instruction based on the diverse student needs, skills, and interests in their classroom.
student edition, available in print and digital miller & levine biology is well known for its engaging student narrative. ken miller and joe levine’s storytelling writing style captivates students with real-world, relevant content. visual analogies, virtual interactivities and simulations and reading checks at point-of-use enhance student understanding of biology concepts.
the foundations reading and study guide includes interactive experiences that improve science understanding and reinforce the three-dimensional aspect of learning. practice focuses on key concepts and science literacy to improve students’ understanding of a scientific text. find concise chapter summaries, written below grade level, with a focus on the key questions, vocabulary help, visual tools and point-of-use reading tools in this student workbook.
the explorer’s journal: problem based learning workbook is a digital worktext that supports student understanding of the problem-based learning projects. within this interactive journal, students participate in a variety of sensemaking tasks include stem projects, virtual simulations, authentic readings and hands-on labs. 
 










is miller & levine biology available in spanish? 








yes, miller & levine biologia is available. the following resources are available in spanish.


print student edition 


student edition etext on savvas realize™


print biology foundations workbok


biology foundations workbook pdfs on savvas realize™
 










how does miller & levine biology incorporate science phenomena? 








miller & levine biology immerses students in real-world phenomena. the program drives student learning through a series of investigative phenomenon case studies, hands-on and virtual student experiences, and problem-based learning activities that support their understanding of the phenomenon under study.


problem-based learning: launch every unit with a problem-based learning activity where learning is anchored in a local, relevant phenomenon. connect concepts across multiple chapters through stem projects, authentic readings, and virtual interactivities. students design and revise their project throughout the unit in their digital explorer’s journal.case study phenomenon:  investigate phenomena with the chapter case studies. learning connects to the case study in labs, activities and assessment, creating a cohesive storyline throughout the chapter.

active student experiences:  students build science & engineering skills using hands-on inquiry labs, data analysis, stem projects, and virtual simulations, labs and activities. easy connections to the three dimensions are found at point of use in the student and teacher editions

performance-based assessments: miller & levine biology is rich with assessment types that work in combination to assess three-dimensional learning. performance-based assessments measure students’ mastery of all three dimensions through scenario-based performance tasks. 










what differentiation support is available in miller & levine biology? 








the miller & levine biology program includes a variety of resources and instructional strategies that help teachers address the diverse student needs, skills, and interests in their classroom. there are several techniques which are found throughout the program including:

hands-on inquiry labs are available in two different versions, allowing instructors to differentiate based on student needs and abilities.
assess on the spot: quick formative assessments in the teacher edition allow instructors to assess understanding of key points in the lesson.
differentiated instruction suggestions throughout the teacher edition provide support for modifying lessons for special needs students, struggling students, less proficient readers, and advanced students.
teaching strategies at point of use support language proficiency and eld/ela standards.
dok levels are noted in the lesson review questions and chapter assessment
key questions are introduced in the lesson opener and highlighted throughout to help keep students focused on the main concepts as they read. the key questions are revisited in the chapter assessment.
visual learning strand. core ideas in each chapter are supported by visual analogies, dynamic photos, illustrations, tables, and graphs.
virtual interactivities - available at point-of-use in the student etext require students manipulate variables to deepen understanding.
reading checks support close reading and provide a pause point for students to evaluate their own understanding.
the biology foundations: reading and study guide workbook includes interactive experiences that improve science understanding and reinforce the three-dimensional aspect of learning.
 










how do i sign up for miller & levine biology demo? 








miller & levine biology digital courseware on savvas realize™ includes robust digital tools that give teachers flexibility to use a digital, print, or blended format in their classrooms. teachers can customize the program to rearrange content, upload their own content, add links to online media, and edit resources and assessments. program-specific resources, flexible agnostic resources, and assessments are available in one location for easy lesson planning and presentation. click here to sign up for a demo of miller & levine biology. 










ken miller author bio 









kenneth r. miller grew up in rahway, new jersey, attended the local public schools, and graduated from rahway high school in 1966. miller attended brown university on a scholarship and graduated with honors. he was awarded a national defense education act fellowship for graduate study, and earned his ph.d. in biology at the university of colorado. miller is professor of biology at brown university in providence, rhode island, where he teaches courses in general biology and cell biology. miller‘s research specialty is the structure of biological membranes. he has published more than 70 research papers in journals such as "cell", "nature", and "scientific american". he has also written the popular trade books finding darwin‘s god and only a theory. his honors include the public service award from the american society for cell biology, the distinguished service award from the national association of biology teachers, the aaas award for public engagement with science, the stephen jay gould prize from the society for the study of evolution, and the laetare medal from notre dame university.

miller lives with his wife, jody, on a small farm in rehoboth, massachusetts. he is the father of two daughters, one a wildlife biologist and the other a high-school history teacher. he swims competitively in the masters‘ swimming program and umpires high school and ncaa softball. 










joe levine author bio 








joe levine earned a b.s. from tufts university, a masters from the boston university marine program, and a ph.d. from harvard university. his research has been published in scientific journals ranging from science to scientific american, and his popular writing has appeared in trade books and in magazines such as smithsonian and natural history. he has taught introductory biology, ecology, marine biology, neurobiology, and coral reef biology, and currently teaches inquiry in rain forests, a field-based graduate- level pd course for science teachers, through the organization for tropical studies.

following a macy fellowship in science broadcast journalism at wgbh-tv, levine produced science features for national public radio’s all things considered and morning edition, served as advisor to nova, and helped launch discovery channel’s discover magazine. he has served as science editor for omni-max films and for pbs series including evolution, and as judge for jackson hole wildlife film festival. he has designed exhibit programs for state aquarium projects in texas, new jersey, and florida. joe has led pd workshops across the united states, mexico, central america and the caribbean, indonesia, and malaysia. in 2016, he served as outstanding educator in residence for singapore’s ministry of education. 











request more information

































transform learning outcomes


                        the savvas experts will guide you through our blended solutions, digital textbooks and printed materials. we'll also assist you throughout the entirety of the process.
                    

contact our team

subscribe to our savvas insights newsletter.








submit



























                        share
                    




share to twitter





share to facebook





share to pinterest





share to linkedin





share to email



















request info


shop now


virtual sampling




select an option below:


high school (9-12)



high school (9-12)



more options:


mlbio19 dcw 1yr lic


mlbio19 dcw 3yr lic g9/12


mlbio19 dcw 6yr lic


mlbio19 fnd wkbk  6y+dcw 6yr lic g9/12


mlbio19 fndts wkbk se 3y sub g9/10


mlbio19 foundations wkbk se g9/10


mlbio19 se + dcw 6yr lic


mlbio19 se g9/10


mlbio19 se+dcw 1yr lic


mlbio19 se+dcw 3yr lic g9/12

































































                        share
                    




share to twitter





share to facebook





share to linkedin





share to email



















request info


shop now


virtual sampling




select an option below:


high school (9-12)



high school (9-12)



more options:


mlbio19 dcw 1yr lic


mlbio19 dcw 3yr lic g9/12


mlbio19 dcw 6yr lic


mlbio19 fnd wkbk  6y+dcw 6yr lic g9/12


mlbio19 fndts wkbk se 3y sub g9/10


mlbio19 foundations wkbk se g9/10


mlbio19 se + dcw 6yr lic


mlbio19 se g9/10


mlbio19 se+dcw 1yr lic


mlbio19 se+dcw 3yr lic g9/12





















facebook


twitter


instagram


thread


linkedin


youtube









customer gateway 

careers 

preference center 

suppliers 

trust center 

customers outside us 

customers in canada 

contact 






copyright © 2025 savvas learning company llc. all rights reserved.
savvas® and savvas learning company® are the registered trademarks of savvas learning company llc in the us and in other countries.
images used under license from shutterstock and getty images.








accessibility 

california applicant privacy notice 

privacy 

rights and permissions 

terms of use 

terms and conditions 








































