






home - coast guard mutual assistance
























































get help
ways to give
about us
reps’ resources
get involved
find my representative
search
donate
 





search


 



get help
ways to give
about us
reps’ resources
get involved

donate
find my representative
search



menu






helping our own100% funded by donations 
coast guard mutual assistance is the official relief society of the u.s. coast guard. get helpgive help

over $250 million dollars
of assistance has been disbursed to our coast guard community.
we look after our ownwe prevent short-term financial issues from becoming long-term problems by providing interest-free loans and grants to the coast guard community. 
we serve:
active duty membersauxiliary memberschaplainscivilian employeesphs officersreserve membersretired military personnelsurviving spouseswe provide interest-free loans, grants, financial counseling, referrals, and other help.our assistance programs focus on situations requiring immediate attention for essentials and solving temporary problems.
emergenciesday-to-dayeducationview all programsneed help?start with your local representative.there are more than 600 cgma representatives ready to help you.
find my representative
financial emergencies can happen to anyone.did you know that many aid recipients become cgma donors? 
donatecarlieread their storyas a new coast guard spouse carlie moved away from her beloved small maine hometown to bustling and humid miami. adjusting to military life with a cross-country move was complicated due to her health…i have wanted to get a service dog for a very long time. the reason that we weren't ever able to get a dog before is because of the cost.the perry familyread their storyfrom an adoption grant for the twins and layette package to welcome the new baby to education support, cgma is honored to stand with families at these distinctive milestones. chelsae reflects on her…cgma’s help has been beyond a blessing.
i need helpget assistancei want to helpdonate todayupdates & highlights01.16.2025back by popular demand: tutor.com/military: free tutoring serviceswe are thrilled to announce that cgma has renewed the highly requested tutor.com/military services for eligible members of the coast guard community, starting immediately! thanks to your feedback and support, cgma is once again funding free tutoring services, providing an invaluable resource to coast guard active duty, reserve, and civilian members and their families.  free […]learn more01.07.2025bridging the gap: the launch of the aux-cgma ambassador program for a century, coast guard mutual assistance (cgma) has stood as a beacon of hope and support, providing essential financial aid to the coast guard community in times of need. as we celebrate 100 years of dedicated service, we are proud to announce an exciting new initiative: the aux-cgma ambassador program. this innovative partnership between […]learn more01.06.2025cgma is hiring—opening for a social media and video editing internjoin our team as a social media & video editing intern! are you passionate about storytelling through video and creating engaging social media content? coast guard mutual assistance is looking for a talented intern to help bring our mission to life! what you’ll do: edit and produce testimonial videos, ads, and campaign highlights. create hd […]learn moresee morebe the first to knowsign up for the cgma newsletter to get exclusive updates on how we help the coast guard community.



 

 

back to top













customer servicetoll-free: 800-881-2462
phone: 703-875-0404
cgma@mycgma.org
fax: 703-875-0344
contact us
mailing addresscoast guard mutual assistance
1005 n. glebe road
suite 220
arlington, va 22201
find my representativeterms of usecode of conduct
privacy and security
legal notices
give with confidencecharity navigator
candid




coast guard mutual assistance is a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, ein 31-1801931
© 2025 coast guard mutual assistance, all rights reserved.
















close



loading locator software...


