






home -metro | providing bus transit for the cincinnati region






























































 














skip to main content
















 
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
linkedin
 






 









			search		















 





 

 











 






 





riding metro
schedules

fixed route schedules
2025 holiday schedule


fares & passes

fare information
passes
metro veterans program (mvp)
fare deal program
student programs


accessibility

access paratransit
title vi
reasonable accommodation request & ada


reinventing metro

bus rapid transit
metro transit infrastructure fund
economic impact


about

executive staff
metro board

meetings


news

metro newsletter


careers
doing business

advertising
riverfront transit center
current bids
dbe


everybody rides metro
steer committee
public records
developer data
contact


 



rider guide
fixed route schedules
metronow!
service alerts & detours
park & rides/transit centers
customer amenities
safety & security











transit app
cincy ez alerts
careers
contact
 


home page











trip planner


rider alerts








start



end



depart at



date



time







 











view detours
alert sign up








 call to action 









maps & schedules
get there on metro with convenient service throughout cincinnati.











transit app
take the guess work out of catching your bus with the transit app.











fares & passes
find the right pass for your trip.










our transit services







metro fixed route


metro fixed route
explore our routes and plan your ride.









metro access


metro access
metro’s 100% ada-accessible shared-ride paratransit service.









metro now!


metro now!
mobility on demand now serving springdale and northgate zones.










latest news









meet metro rapid: cincinnati metro unveils name and brand for upcoming bus rapid transit system
february 12, 2025
after a multi-year process of community input on corridor locations, station design, and infrastructure, cincinnati metro is proud to introduce the name and brand identity of its highly anticipated bus…











cincinnati metro to celebrate ‘ohio loves transit week’
february 07, 2025
cincinnati — in celebration of “ohio loves transit week” from february 9-15, cincinnati metro will participate alongside the ohio public transit association (opta) and transit networks statewide to highlight the…











$4.9 million grant awarded to cincinnati metro for new hybrid-electric buses
january 24, 2025
cincinnati — on friday, january 17, 2025, the ohio department of transportation (odot) and ohio environmental protection agency (oepa) announced the award of $4.9 million in grant funds from the…











metro ceo darryl haley to retire in june after nearly two decades of service to the transit agency
january 21, 2025
after 19 years of dedicated service to metro, including the last five years as ceo & general manager, darryl haley has announced plans to retire on june 1, 2025.






all news





page content











bus rapid transit is coming to cincinnati transportation transformation is coming to reading road and hamilton avenue. bus rapid transit (brt) is a high-quality, bus-based travel option that combines the speed, efficiency, and comfort of rail transit with the flexibility of traditional bus service. it’s a bold, new transit innovation for our region that will bring faster-than-ever service and significantly reduced travel times for riders.

																		learn more																		











metro extends university free ridership program metro is pleased to announce the extension of our partnership with cincinnati state, university of cincinnati, and xavier university. through this partnership, university students and staff will be able to ride metro free during spring semester.

																		learn more																		











drive your career forward with metro at metro, you’ll enjoy competitive benefits, opportunities for growth, and a supportive work environment. make a meaningful impact on the community by connecting people to what’s important to them.

																		get started																		










sign up for the metro go*info newsletter
receive monthly updates on metro news, system enhancements, and promotions.

first name last name email(required)

captchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  















    follow us











happy valentine`s day from metro to you! enjoy our transit-themed valentine`s and thank you for riding.






                open            





















the new york times was very excited about our announcement yesterday. 😉






                open            





















in celebration of ohio loves transit week and valentine`s day, join us today at government square and fountain square at noon as we hand out a limited number of special gifts as a thank you to our riders!






                open            
























meet metro rapid! we are thrilled to introduce the name and brand identity of our highly anticipated bus rapid transit (brt) system set to launch in 2027 and 2028!visit metrobrtproject.com/participate to check out where you can view a demo articulated brt bus featuring our new branding, learn more about the project, and provide feedback!#metrorapid #efficienttransit #reinventingmetro #yourwaytogo






                open            






















states that invests in #publictransit know that it pays big dividends to its workers!here is the second ohio transit fact in celebration of ohio loves transit week.






                open            
 





























doing business with us
advertising
riverfront transit center
current bids
dbe
 who we are
executive staff
metro board
steer committee
 








 (513) 632-7575 
 customerservice@go-metro.com 

policies
gtfs download
 

facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
linkedin
 




copyright 2025 sorta-metro

















































































