



















quad cities job connection | mix 96







listenshowsvalentine in the morningjanajeff stevensdelilahtheresa lucasfull schedulemusicmost recently playedmost played songsmusic newsconcertsfeaturescommunity calendartell us about your eventstorm track 8 forecastcareer cornerpodcastslisten on your smart speakercontests & promotionslisten to win $1,000win tickets to see blues traveler, gin blossoms, and spin doctorsstella rosa $100k grocery giveawaywin a full tuition scholarship to amda and perform alongside broadway’s brightest stars!listen to win a trip to our 2025 iheartradio music awards!all contests & promotionscontest rulescontactnewsletteradvertise on mix 961-844-ad-help-5 quad cities job connectionjul 15, 2021job connection listing information
iheartmedia quad cities and this station present the job connection. the job connection is the ideal way for you to fill your staffing needs. whether you’re looking for an executive director, or seasonal construction workers, the job connection is the perfect place to reach them. put 7 quad cities radio stations and 7 websites to work for you, and fill your open positions.
dave's auto bodydave's auto body in galesburg and east moline is hiring experienced collision repair technicians. 45 years as the area's leader in collision repair and workplace environment. apply in person at dave's auto body, behind green chevrolet in east moline or online at davesautobody.net
hahn ready mixwe're hiring at hahn ready mix, a family-owned company since 1852.  hahn is looking for c-d-l class a and b truck drivers in davenport, muscatine and geneseo.   we want you on our team!     be home each night, enjoy weekly competitive pay starting at $20 an hour, health, dental, and 401k with match.     go to hahn -r-m-g dot com to apply today!    hahn ready mix - quality is the foundation of our business.    let us be the foundation of yours.     visit hahn at hahnrmg.com and apply today!  
heart of america groupheart of america group is hiring and would love for you to join their family. they have full-time and part-time positions available at their award winning hotels and restaurants in the quad cities. they offer great benefits. join their team by applying at heartofamericagroup.com/careers.
machine shedjoin the machine shed restaurant team. homegrown and family oriented! the shed is hiring for part-time and full-time positions with great benefits. if you or someone you know is interested, please stop by the restaurant to apply! machine shed restaurant at i80 and nw blvd, davenport.
tandem tire & auto servicetandem tire & auto service is hiring in clinton and dubuque for general automotive service technicians. tire and general automotive service experience or education are preferred. will train. ase-certified a plus. competitive compensation based on experience.
thunder bay grillethunder bay in davenport is hiring! the restaurant is looking for all positions and would love for you to join their team! full-time and part-time hours are available. if you, or someone you know would be interested, stop by the restaurant to apply! thunder bay grille – north brady and 65th across from menards – davenport.
timkendrive your career forward at the timken drives on-site job fair!  apply in person at timken, located at nine-oh-one nineteenth avenue in fulton on wednesday, july 21st  from 9am to 2pm and thursday july 22nd from 2-6pm!  we're on the lookout for full and part time chain assembly, tool and die, welders, press operators  and more! timken also offers sign on bonuses up to one thousand dollars after ninety days. visit careers.timken.com now to learn more. timken is an equal opportunity employer.
superior tube productswant to feel valued in your workplace? you are too good for a company not to recognize, and superior knows it! superior tube products is now hiring for machine operators for the first and second shifts. visit superiortubeproducts.com/careers and apply today!
sponsored contentsponsored content 103.7 wllrbig 106.5101-3 kiss-fmalt 104-5newstalk 1420 wocfox sports radio 1230contactadvertise on mix 96download the free iheartradio appfind a podcastthe quad cities variety station ---with valentine in the morning.  the quad cities number one choice at-work.sitemapcontest rulesprivacy policyyour privacy choicesterms of useadchoiceskmxg public inspection filekmxg political fileeeo public filepublic file assistancefcc applications© 2025 iheartmedia, inc.





















