

national education technology writers association: home

























welcome to the national education technology writers association. netwa
          is a networking group for writers in the k-12 education technology publishing
          field — including reporters, editors, freelance writers, public
          relations professionals, and others. netwa's goal is to help advance
          the craft of writing about the use of technology in education.
to sign up, simply join our listserv. you'll
          also want to check out the events calendar
          for upcoming education technology conferences, and don't miss our database
          of education technology vendor news.
        

netwa has three main objectives:

provide a forum for professional and social interaction among all
            participants in education technology publishing.
help editors connect with experienced freelance writers.
promote high standards of integrity and accuracy in education technology
            journalism.

you can help netwa achieve these objectives by becoming involved today.
        

q: how do i join netwa?
a: it's easy: simply sign up for our free listserv.
          you will be asked to provide a brief bio for distribution to the list
          after joining.
q: does netwa charge membership fees?
a: no. at this point, netwa is simply a listserv, a web site,
          and an informal group of colleagues who wish to share, learn, and get
          to know each other. there are no dues, nor are there any of the services
          one might expect from a full-fledged professional association. in the
          future, we may launch an editorial awards program and other initiatives.
q: who is involved in netwa?
a: more than 70 leaders in the field of education technology
          publishing have signed up for our listserv so far. the more who
          join, the more useful this group will be. join our listserv today and
          help us create an effective forum for k-12 education technology writers.
q: can i inform the netwa membership of a job opening or freelance
          opportunity?
a: yes. send announcements of job openings and freelance opportunities
          to our

          

email address.
          the listserv moderator will forward these announcements to the list
          membership.

for more information about netwa, contact founder lars
          kongshem or send e-mail to our

          

email address.




 © netwa, 2003 


