



junkfax.org















 





main page

from junkfax.org


					jump to:					navigation, 					search

two of the "greatest irritants in modern life," said former georgia gov. roy e. barnes, "are the unwanted telephone call at dinner and the junk fax."

background information
 basic information - an introduction to junk faxes
 junk fax q&a - start here. everything you've wanted to know about junk faxes including how to stop them!
 attorney information - a list of attorneys you can hire. also, reference material for attorneys.
 legal tips and collection tips - these two pages have helpful tips to help you bring actions and collect in difficult situations
 other junk fax websites - a list of other junk fax websites
 investigation tools - tools  for looking up phone numbers, web sites, and more.
real stories
 news items - news stories and press releases about junk faxes including the recent injunction against fax.com
 junkfax stories - real stories of real people
 cases - here are some cases and judgments you might find useful if you decide to sue
take action
 help stop robocalls - victim of an audio robocall? here's how to get even.
 how to get it to stop - there are only two phone numbers you need call to be permanently removed from most lists.
 who sent this fax? - how to identify who sent you the fax
 investigating violations - if you are a legitimate common carrier or fax broadcaster and have notice of a violation, here's what to do.
 contact - contact us for questions or to volunteer to help


 
						retrieved from "http://www.junkfax.org/w/index.php?title=main_page&oldid=3657"					
 



navigation menu


personal tools

log inrequest account 



namespaces

main page
discussion




variants









views

read
view source
view history



more







search



 







navigation


main pagerecent changesrandom pagehelp 



background information


basic informationfaqattorney referenceother junk fax websitesspam filter comparison 



real stories


newshorror storiesjunk faxer profilescase status 



take action


how to get evenhow to suecontact us 



tools


what links hererelated changesspecial pagesprintable versionpermanent linkpage informationcite this page 






 this page was last edited on 10 december 2021, at 02:59.


privacy policy
about junkfax.org
disclaimers



 






