





coptech forum – where police technology leaders find leading-edge technology






































skip to content



toggle navigationhomeagendafor police departmentsfor technology providersaboutcontactaxon awardspecial eventsapply now
 


loading...







the event on police  technology solutions 



august 13-15, 2025 | renaissance capital view arlington (d.c. metro) 








 










homescott075272024-11-26t21:57:57+00:00 
where police technology leaders find leading edge technology
i work for a police agencyi’m a technology suppliersorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
the right way to sell police technology

it’s not a trade show. it’s not even close.


the coptech forum is a unique kind of selling event, designed specifically for you to connect with police buyers of it and other technology. i it’s an intimate, private “selling retreat,” where you and your prospects talk business in a relaxed, productive setting.

if your agency is buying technology, coptech will help you do it better.as a police dept. cio, cto, it director, or command staff tech lead, your options are complex. coptech was created to help you make the right choices for your agency.
whatever you’re sourcing; body cameras, mobile computing, data storage, cad/rms, lpr, or cyber defense, coptech is where you can select the right technology and get the most for your agency’s tech budget dollars.
get the most for your agency’s tech budget dollars.coptech’s not a trade show. you’ be in a small vip group, getting detailed answers from competing providers. you’ll share what’s working with tech leaders at 50 other agencies, for real-world insight you’ll find nowhere else.
 after coptech, you’ll know you’ve compared the options and you’re ready to select the right solution for your department, your budget, your needs. 
police cios, ctos, it leaders, register now!
apply nowagendayou'll see the latest in it and police technology, in a casual, relaxed setting that makes sharing ideas easy and fun.view the agenda
click below to view the coptech agenda. it’s two days filled with tech insight, new ideas, plus plenty of good times with police colleagues you can learn from.
agenda
no cost to pdsagencies with 100+ officers may qualify for a travel grant for all costs of airfare, hotel, meals, and the event.no cost to attend
if you are the tech purchasing decision-maker, civilian or sworn, for an agency with 100 or more officers, looking for new vendors,  you may qualify for our grant.
grants
resourceslearn more about coptech forum by downloading our printable pdf brochures for agencies & suppliers. view brochure
our downloadble brochure allows for easy printing and sharing.
police departmenttech provider
for police agencies
more informationfor technology supplies
more informationcall us at (800) 746-9646 or drop us a line



 
 
where police technology leaders find leading-edge technology
contact us today
(800) 746-9646
(973) 514.5900
eaton hall exhibitions
256 columbia turnpike
florham park, nj 07932
member iacp, siso
award-winning event organizers since 1985
resources
apply now
agenda
for police departments
for technology providers
about us
contact us
dates and location
august 14-16, 2024

the westin westminster
denver co


 
 
page load link






go to top




