










home - the greater springfield chamber of commerce





















































  



















skip to content














 
join now!member loginbusiness directoryhot dealsjob postings


































































menu 
about us mission, vision & values board staff ambassadors tiered investor recognition contact usmember services business directory program of work marketing opportunities member savings leadership springfield rise (young professionals) membership interest formevents chamber calendar community calendar events & sponsorships 2025 event sponsorsadvocacy 2025 policy agenda development policy council elected officials national civics bee®business resources association health plan retirement program electric vehicle charging bigg success community partners certificate of origin job postingsnews chamber blog chamber news member news update magazineour community city services county services commercial relocation residential relocation retail locations economic development








 







 





the greater springfield






chamber of commerce
























the greater springfield chamber of commerce is a partner for the success of your business and vitality of our community.  our mission is to enhance our members' success and advocate on their behalf.





































spring job fair













coffee & connections (feb 11)











ask hr seminar











chamber on tap (feb 20)











2025 event sponsors







the importance of why we do what we do






our chamber exists to serve the following core functions for its members.
advocacy - as a significant voice of business, we support legislative policies and practices conducive for a thriving business community and local economy, and oppose those that are not.
business resources & support - we connect local businesses to resources that address specific needs, protect their businesses, and increase opportunities for growth.
leadership & professional development - we offer opportunities for professional growth and leadership development to members and their employees.
visibility & connections that matter - we provide marketing, events and relationship-building opportunities to help members make strategic connections.
 
membership is an investment in your business and community.
the bottom line is your membership investment not only brings value to you and your business, it also helps ensure the long-term vitality of our community. collectively, we have a real impact on the business climate. the chamber exists to help businesses be successful and advocate on their behalf.
we coordinate and lead advocacy efforts, provide business resources, support and assistance, all while creating countless opportunities to make strategic connections with members and the community at‐large. what we do is not only important, but essential to the success and stability of our greater springfield area.

















tiered investors










































summit investors



























leadership investor




















foundation investor





























































visionary investors



























premier investor









bank of springfield
keb
pnc bank
sikich llp






catalyst investors























mark your calendar


























new members























































directory quick links
















                                shopping                            














                                eating                            














                                lodging                            














                                healthcare                            














                                entertainment                            














                                sports & recreation                            













view directory










 












© 2025 the greater springfield chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone













contact us!


























additional resources






member login
membership application
directory search
privacy policy









stay connected!

































 © 

 the greater springfield chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top















