

english grammar, linguistics, composition, rhetoric, esl, and writing resources :: papyr.com
























 mybookmarks  log in  privacy  eforum  chat  problems? 



    
	 






	 welcome, 
	 








introductory


… papyr is meed of, made of, hides and hints and misses in prints.

	   (james joyce, finnegans wake, 1939, p. 20, ll. 10-11) 
	 

 on papyr.com, we offer some of our classroom materials in rhetoric, composition, grammar, esl, linguistics, and academic publications for free to students and colleagues. these web sites supplement our writing instruction at college of dupage and benedictine university. 

daniel started teaching online, sharing his materials via networked computing, in the early 1980s and published his composition courses with harcourt brace in 2000. now, scores of colleagues around the world employ these materials in their writing instruction too. 
	



an unintelligible anima mundi

 photo credits: win mcnamee/getty images, andrew harnik/ap, evelyn hockstein/washington post, saul loeb/agence france-presse, bill o'leary/washington post, amanda voisard/washington post, roberto schmidt/afp/getty images, jim lo scalzo/epa-efe/rex/shutterstock, tom williams/cq/roll call, john minchillo/ap, jon cherry/getty images, joseph prezioso/afp/getty images, shay horse/nurphoto/getty images




the second coming
 turning and turning in the widening gyre
	  the falcon cannot hear the falconer;
	  things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;
	  mere anarchy is loosed upon the world,
	  the blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere
	  the ceremony of innocence is drowned;
	  the best lack all conviction, while the worst
	  are full of passionate intensity.

	  surely some revelation is at hand;
	  surely the second coming is at hand.
	  the second coming! hardly are those words out
	  when a vast image out of spiritus mundi
	  troubles my sight: somewhere in sands of the desert
	  a shape with lion body and the head of a man,
	  a gaze blank and pitiless as the sun,
	  is moving its slow thighs, while all about it
	  reel shadows of the indignant desert birds.
	  the darkness drops again; but now i know
	  that twenty centuries of stony sleep
	  were vexed to nightmare by a rocking cradle,
	  and what rough beast, its hour come round at last,
	  slouches towards bethlehem to be born?

	  w. b. yeats 


nineteen eighty-four
"the past was dead, the future was unimaginable. what certainty had he that a single human creature now living was on his side? and what way of knowing that the dominion of the party would not endure for ever? like an answer, the three slogans on the white face of the ministry of truth came back to him:
 war is peace
	  freedom is slavery
	  ignorance is strength 
he took a twenty-five cent piece out of his pocket. there, too, in tiny clear lettering, the same slogans were inscribed, and on the other face of the coin the head of big brother. even from the coin the eyes pursued you. on coins, on stamps, on the covers of books, on banners, on posters, and on the wrappings of a cigarette packet — everywhere. always the eyes watching you and the voice enveloping you."

george orwell




 



links and 
	 contact details











daniel kies 
	  professor emeritus 

department of english
college of dupage
	  glen ellyn, illinois 

 ·
	  
 

course materials
the hypertext books:

composition 1
composition 2
writing for the web 
linguistics
modern english grammar
contemporary english usage
frequently asked questions








sandra gollin kies
	  professor emerita


department of languages & literature

benedictine university
	  lisle, illinois

 · 


 
english for specific purposes
welcome 
about me
publications 
projects 
courses 
links 
links 
links


robot traprobot trap 




news



sandra's latest book — published by palgrave macmillan — language for specific purposes









recent revisions 
	 and additions


 sandra kies, corpus-based pedagogy and efl: trends and prospects 

sandra kies, published writing advice: take with a grain of salt? 

 daniel kies, the major principles of syntax 

 daniel kies, evaluating grammar checkers 

daniel kies, contemporary english usage (work in progress & comments welcomed:  or   or  )
	




this web site


recommend this site to a friend 

papyr.com reaches 206 countries/locations around the world* 

terms of use 

privacy

508 accessibility standards





presentations


 visit rhetory.com to see some conference and classroom presentations. 
	














