



westwood institute for anxiety disorders | ocd treatment in los angeles, ca




























         about the institute
        

about us
our services
contact us
patient feedback
institute staff
about dr. eda gorbis



  disorders we treat

body dysmorphic disorder obsessive-compulsive disorder
social phobia
specific phobias
eating disorders
compulsive sexual behaviors
other disorders 




          treatment programs
        

twice weekly ocd treatment program
three week intensive ocd program
how the ocd intensive program works
intensive program for bdd



  ocd information center

facts about ocd
ocd symptom checklist the biology of ocd
ocd and the four steps mindfulness and ocd
ocd as an autoimmune disorder 




         learn more
        

podcasts
articles
books
research
links









the mission of westwood institute for anxiety disorders, inc. is to properly train clinicians to be effective in treating ocd, to improve ocd treatment through rigorous research, to eliminate the stigma attached to ocd through media appearances, and to disseminate knowledge of ocd through public education.
learn more 






what is ocd?
obsessive-compulsive disorder (ocd) is described by obsessive thoughts and/or compulsive behaviors that significantly interfere with normal life. obsessions are unwanted, recurrent, and disturbing thoughts that a person cannot suppress, causing overwhelming anxiety. compulsions are repetitive, ritualized behaviors that a person feels driven to perform to reduce the anxiety caused by the obsessions. the obsessive and compulsive rituals can occupy many hours of each day, interfering greatly with daily life.

about ocd
ocd facts
ocd checklist
ocd biology

 
what do we do?
using proven scientific methods, we diagnose and treat the most serious cases of obsessive-compulsive disorder and other anxiety disorders at our clinic in los angeles. dr. eda gorbis has created an effective and integrative treatment, combining dr. edna foa's exposure and response prevention therapy (erp), dr. jeffrey schwartz's four steps method for cognitive behavioral therapy(cbt), and dr. gorbis's own writing component. treatment also includes individualized therapy, prescription medication as needed, as well as a team of expert psychologists, clinicians and staff assigned specifically to each case.

ocd
bdd
social anxiety
phobias
eating disorders
panic

 
ocd treatment in los angeles
to learn more about ocd: 

read our clinical overview and learn more about our three week intensive treatment program and the twice-per-week treatment program for ocd
see our list of recommended books and dr. gorbis’ podcast
learn about dr. jeffrey schwartz' four steps method and read his article on mindfulness and the treatment of ocd
read about new research, articles, reviews and visit related links. 


twice-weekly program
3-week intensive program

 
do i have ocd?
read our checklist of common symptoms to find out if you have ocd, or call for an appointment. you too can be successfully treated. imagine yourself... finally free from ocd. not sure if you are ready for treatment? read the candid feedback from our former patients.

contact us for an appointment

 


 
 announcements & news

online and phone therapy 
the westwood institute for anxiety disorders is extending our services to online and telephone therapy to clients around the world struggling with ocd and related disorders. this method is cost-effective, which benefits clients with restrictions that do not allow them to leave their homes. 

the american psychological association has provided distance therapy to be safe and reliable. furthermore, there are numerous studies and client testimonies that have indicated success through this method. in 1997, california established phone and online therapy to be legal. be assured that all client information will always remain private and safe. if you have any further questions, please feel free to email us.
due to the current pandemic (covid-19), we are extending our services to full online and phone therapy to our clients.




	sorry, your browser does not support the html5 video tag.

dr. gorbis gives grand rounds at ucla medical school

credentials verified by psychology today



 







about dr. eda gorbis 
eda gorbis, phd, lmft, is the director/founder of the westwood institute for anxiety disorders, inc., in los angeles, california, and adjunct clinical assistant professor of psychiatry & biobehavioral sciences at the usc keck school of medicine. from 1999 and until 2014 dr. gorbis held an appointment of assistant clinical professor in the department of psychiatry at the ucla school of medicine. she specializes in treatment of refractory cases of ocd and has integrated the most successful treatment modalities for ocd and complex comorbidities. (lic. # lmft32501)

learn more 



contact information



westwood institute for anxiety disorders
921 westwood blvd., suite 223, los angeles, california 90024
8617 wilshire blvd., beverly hills, california 90210
telephone: (310) 443-0031
email: thewestwoodinstitute@gmail.com











