








fetal care center | cincinnati children's
  



























  








schedule an appointment


directions


international


billing


sign in to mychart


ways to help


donate now













navigation







patients and families


patients and family homeschedule an appointmentservices and specialtiesfind a doctorvisiting cincinnati children'shealth library 

additional resources
clinical trials/research studiespatient resourcesvaccine resourcesongoing support resources 



healthcare professionals


healthcare professionals homeservices and specialtiesclinical trialsfind a doctorrefer a patient 

additional resources
browse careerspatient resourcesprovider resourcescontinuing professional educationclinical training programsgraduate medical educationclinical laboratoriesnursing 



researchers


research homefind a researcherresearch areaseducation and training 

additional resources
shared facilitiesresearch support servicesresearch foundationfunded trainingbrowse careers 



search


i want to 


sign in to mychartpay a billschedule an appointmentget an online second opinionobtain medical recordsfind an urgent carefind a specialtyfind a doctorfind a locationbrowse careersmake a donation 




schedule an appointmentdirectionsinternationalbillingsign in to mychartways to helpdonate now 











popular search termscoronavirus careers urgent care mychart neurology volunteer 






services & specialtiesfetal care center 
homeservices & specialtiesfcincinnati children's fetal care center

the cincinnati children's fetal care center—one of the few comprehensive fetal care centers worldwide—offers a unique approach to treating complex and rare fetal conditions. our highly trained team of specialists from cincinnati children’s, trihealth and the uc health provides the collaborative care families need in one location.

 
 
 











navigate

contact us 


section navigation
close




cincinnati children's fetal care center

conditions we treattreatments and serviceswhat to expectsecond opinionspatient and family resourcespatient storiesfor healthcare professionalsresearchmeet the teamcontact / refergive today








how to become a patient





expert care for complex fetal conditions











since 2004, we’ve cared for more than 8,000 women with high-risk pregnancies. we treat patients with even the most complex fetal anomalies, such as congenital diaphragmatic hernia (cdh), prenatal myelomeningocele (mmc) and twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome (ttts). we’ve celebrated some of the strongest outcomes in the nation.
recognized by patients for outstanding patient and family experience, the fetal care center offers dedicated nurse coordinators who are available 24/7 to answer your questions, provide education and support your family every step of the way.
our expert, multidisciplinary team includes specialists in maternal-fetal medicine, fetal imaging, fetal surgery and neonatology to give you seamless access to care. our team collaborates to offer the most sophisticated, effective therapies to improve the health and quality of life for your baby. 









why choose the fetal care center











working alongside partners in our top ten neonatology program as ranked by u.s. news & world report, the fetal care center offers the full spectrum of holistic care for both mom and baby. and breakthrough research conducted every day at cincinnati children’s means the latest innovations are close at hand. 
access & responsiveness
our nurse coordinators respond to all inquiries within one business day, and our team will review your ultrasounds virtually before your first appointment. in addition, your nurse coordinator will be available by phone or email to answer questions and provide information throughout your pregnancy. this kind of personal attention and care helps both mom and baby achieve the best outcomes.
fetal expertise and experience
our renowned fetal surgeons and maternal-fetal medicine specialists have extensive experience and expertise in fetal anomalies and high-risk pregnancies. many hold leadership positions in national research groups such as the society of maternal-fetal medicine (smfm) and north american fetal therapy network (naftnet) and bring this timely expertise to the care of our patients. and at the cincinnati children’s fetal care center, we celebrate some of the best outcomes in the country and the world for fetal and pediatric conditions.
holistic care for mom & baby
our family-centered care focuses on working together for the best possible outcome for you and your baby – and supporting you in that journey. we offer comprehensive, family-centered psychosocial care for women, their partners, and their families. we recognize that every journey is unique, and we’ll work with you to customize support for your individual situation.
advanced surgical techniques
our team of specialists collaborates to create a unified, comprehensive care plan with the most innovative, effective treatment options, including minimally invasive fetal interventions like fetoscopic surgery, laser procedures, and radiofrequency ablation. we are one of the only centers in the nation with the experience and expertise to perform fetoscopic endotracheal occlusion (feto) for cdh and prenatal mmc repairs.
‘one stop’ multidisciplinary care
with a variety of advanced prenatal diagnostic tests available, our multidisciplinary team provides comprehensive evaluation and personalized treatment plans for you and your baby. our maternal-fetal medicine experts offer holistic care at our on-site ob clinic, antepartum unit, and centeringpregnancy® program. our special delivery unit, equipped to care for your specific needs during childbirth, is one of only a few birthing centers in the world located inside a pediatric hospital. additionally, cincinnati children’s is located next to one of the world's largest ronald mcdonald houses, which provides support for families with long-term stays.
superior pediatric care beyond delivery
for babies needing continued medical care after birth, our pediatric specialists have extensive experience caring for critically ill newborns. in addition, we offer a multitude of long-term, follow-up centers and clinics to support a range of complex fetal conditions. our specialized, comprehensive services improve outcomes and help your baby thrive from delivery and beyond.
expert second opinions
cincinnati children’s provides second opinions for patients with a complex fetal condition. our team can provide clarity and insight into a high-risk pregnancy diagnosis. second opinions help you understand all the available treatment options and make a more informed decision on a treatment for your growing baby.










 

                                volumes and outcomes

                                    

view our experience and expertise by the numbers, including total number of evaluations and procedures performed, as well as outcomes for our most commonly treated conditions.

 

 

                                patient stories

                                    

if you are looking for reassurance and support, our fetal care center families share stories to help and inspire others.

 

 

                                contact us

                                    

contact us for more information about the fetal care center, to schedule an appointment, request a second opinion or refer a patient.

 











conditions we treat












connect with us

patients & familyresearch & science     young & healthy podcast





                            quick links
                        

                            quick links
                            




schedule an appointment


make a referral


find an urgent care


find a doctor


get an online second opinion


pay a bill


price transparency


sign in to mychart


request medical records






                            explore
                        

                            explore
                            




our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (dei)


locations and directions


clinical services


health library


visitor and patient information


clinical trials


events






                            about us
                        

                            about us
                            




about cincinnati children's


careers


newsroom


contact us


download our cincinnati children's app


terms of use


privacy and data security notices


non-discrimination notice





give today



3333 burnet avenue, cincinnati, ohio 45229-3026




© 1999-2025 cincinnati children's hospital medical center. all rights reserved.





















