











home | new enterprise rural electric cooperative, inc





























      skip to main content
    














search








contact us: 814-766-3221 or 800-270-3177





























pay bill




report outage




































homeabout uscontact usabout new enterprise recstaff and board of directorscooperative principlesnrecapa rural electric association (prea)touchstone energy cooperativesmember serviceaccount services and general informationnew member informationpa sales tax exemption certificaterate schedulefee schedulecapital creditsnew construction requirementselectricianselectrical inspectorslife sustaining equipmentbillingpayment policiessmarthubauto pay programpayment arrangementssafetysurge protectioncall before you digavoid outdoor electrical hazardsprevent electrical injuriesgenerator safetysafety checklistsafety quiznewspenn linesgift certificatestouchstone energy savingsconcerned about high usagedoing the electric shiftwhat is not allowed on a poleoutagesreport an outageprogramsco-op connections savingsenergy assistancefamily in need fundscholarshipsyouth tour
























to report an outage, please call 814-766-3221 or toll-free at 1-800-270-3177 and press option 1
 







previous



next









  








welcome to new enterprise rural electric co-op
about us











pay bill online


manage your account

make payments, view bills and manage your account.
login to your account
 register for online access
 password reset
 download the mobile app













 



capital creditscapital creditscapital credits are a valuable benefit for members of electric cooperatives.over the years, new enterprise rec has returned millions of dollars in capital credit payments to both current and past cooperative member-owners. learn morepayment optionspayment optionswe accept various forms of payment and try our best to provide you with many choices for your convenience. please see our list of payment options that are available to you today.learn moreenergy assistanceliheap - need a little help?energy assistance offers help to low-income families to assist on paying their heating/utility bills.  the low-income home energy assistance program (liheap) is now open!energy assistancegift certificatesgift certificatesgift certificates are available year-round, mostly requested during the christmas holiday.  you may print this page, complete and mail in the payment with your form.  or, you may call the office and pay by phone.  we would gladly mail your gift certificate to the person or to you.learn more










call before you dig
if you are planning on doing any digging around your home or business, state law requires that you contact the call 811 at least two working days before you dig.
call 811
































small change
that changes lives

sign up











family in need
family in need is a volunteer program where members can choose to round up their electric bill to the next whole dollar each month, in order to help those in need.













news & events









we are giving away $5 bill credits!
october 23, 2024



      enroll in auto pay and paperless billing and receive one-time $5 bill credits for each!  
    

read more >











energy tip of the month
november 1, 2023



      check back next month for a new tip!
    

read more >











charging devices
october 7, 2022



      four places you should not charge your device!
    

read more >






























quick links


news


pay online


report an outage












contact info

new enterprise rural electric co-op
3596 brumbaugh rd
new enterprise, pa 16664
phone:    814-766-3221
toll-free:  800-270-3177
office hours:  monday - friday  7:00 am to 3:30 pm
 













©2025 new enterprise rural electric cooperative, inc. all rights reserved.


powered by co-op web builder


















