

mothers rings and specialty mothers jewelry - family rings and family jewelry, custom mother's rings and more at mom's jewelry box

















 
 


         
bringing you 
	some of the finest in mothers rings, 
	mothers jewelry,
        family rings & family jewelry
a specialty store offering hundreds
        of keepsake jewelry & gift items for 
        mothers and grandmothers at 
competitive prices!




      mothers rings® & family rings

      personalized mother's jewelry
pendants, pins & charms for mother
 jewelry boxes
 






pomeroy jewelers is a second generation, family owned and operated 
              business that opened 1973. located in the northwestern area of lower 
              michigan, we have been assisting our online customers across the 
              usa with custom made mothers rings, family rings, 
              mothers jewelry and family jewelry through momsjewelrybox.com 
              since 2000. we specialize in the finest mothers rings and family 
              rings, and offer exquisite mothers jewelry and family 
              jewelry for any occasion. treat your special mom or grandmother 
              to one of our special mothers 
              rings, birthstone rings, 
              name rings, name 
              bracelets, or any one of our personalized 
              mothers jewelry and jewelry 
              boxes.
mothers rings are symbolic keepsakes that represent a mother's 
              or grandmother's own unique family. they are most often personalized 
              with stones, either genuine birthstones or simulated stones, that 
              signify the birth month of each child or family member. some mothers 
              rings are personalized with the names of family members; others 
              include both names and stones; some include just names. 

we offer one of the internet's most extensive selection of karat 
                gold, specialty mothers jewelry in the world. we take pride in 
                the items we offer and do our best to provide our customers with 
                an everyday competitive price. if you see a sale or special with 
                our company, it will truly be "special". we hope you 
                will allow us to assist you with your special purchase!
 jim & jaclin
              pomeroy jewelers
momsjewelrybox.com 




 




 
how to build your mothers 
        keepsake jewelry








© 
copyright 2003-15 j. dunne.  all rights reserved. copying from this web site 
is a violation of copyright law.  our pictures and content are for viewing 
only at this address and remain our property. they may not be 
copied, reproduced or modified in any form or manner. 
use of this web site constitutes your 
agreement to our online 
store policies and terms. 
you must be at least 18 years of age to order from this store. we reserve the 
right to correct errors. many of the items and designs are also copyrighted.  
						


presented by

 pomeroy jewelers  - 
       3946 park lane  -  traverse city, michigan 49686  - 
       telephone: (231) 938-2582
www.momsjewelrybox.com     
       contact us    
       mothers jewelry faqs     family 
      jewelry store policies
specialty mothers rings, family rings, 
      mothers jewelry & family jewelry items ... hundreds of keepsake jewelry just for mom.






