










edgar cayce’s a.r.e. 🕊️ your body, mind, spirit resource since 1931








































































edgar cayce & readings
+

life
work with the association
readings topics
+

akashic records
ancient mysteries
+

seven prophecies yet to come


astrology
dreams
+

dream dictionary


esp & psychic phenomena
health & wellness
life’s purpose
meditation & prayer
reincarnation
spiritual growth


foundation


a.r.e. resources
+

edgar cayce blog
holistic health database
+

common health issues and treatments list
disease overview
diet & nutrition
health & healing
important concepts
research reports and articles
therapies
glossary


publications search
audio books and e-books
a.r.e. library
+

our history
card catalog online
circulating files & research bulletins
andrew jackson davis collection
egerton sykes collection
jaffin family archives
chronology in physical readings
support the library


cayce tv
family resource hub
+

watch
listen
connect
read
happiness lab


creating calm family podcast
new awakenings podcast
mobile apps


events
+

events & programs
free daily activities
on demand events
tours
+

tours loyalty program
tours faq
tours terms & conditions


tarsia
areöm studio


groups & services
+

book a reading
spiritual study groups
+

find a study group
start a group
register your group
support study groups
resources


prayer services
+

join us in prayer
request prayer
glad helpers prayer group
download prayer list
40-day forgiveness prayer
support prayer services


prison services
+

prison study groups
history of prison services
support prison outreach




education
+

atlantic university
cayce reilly school of massage


hospitality & shopping
+

health center & spa
graze kitchen & catering
cayce’s corner gift & bookstore
audio books and e-books
shop online


philanthropy
+

make a donation
+

donor spotlight
donations at work


planned giving
+

edgar cayce legacy society
leave a bequest
trusts
gift of life insurance
gifts of retirement assets
gifts of real estate
gifts of stock


office of philanthropy


membership
+

membership benefits & options
member login
renew membership


about us
+

hours & headquarters
our organization
tour of the campus
financials
public relations
faqs
work with us
+

employment
volunteer


contact
+

headquarters
u.s. volunteer field team
international centers




member login














donate

unlock member benefits

members login



search for:











 











planning a trip to our headquarters? please note that the a.r.e. will be closed on wednesday, february 19 due to inclement weather.
the bridging realms scheduled for thursday, february 20 has also been canceled.








  you're in the right place if you're looking for…

answers
healing
growth
family
community

















founded by edgar cayce in 1931 with the purpose of helping people to transform their lives for the better, a.r.e.’s mission is to create opportunities for profound personal change in body, mind, and spirit through the wisdom found in the edgar cayce material.











get our emails! stay in-the-know about upcoming events, podcasts, opportunities and more.








email

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.












δ









upcoming events






women’s integrative wellness retreatthe women's integrative wellness retreat is sold out!
to be added to the waitlist, please contact member services at 1-800-333-4499.

in the ...february 27, 2025march 2, 2025paws & whispers pet communication confurrencelearn to communicate with your pet— telepathic techniques, pet body language, energy healing and more!march 7, 2025march 9, 2025reiki iii certificate trainingreiki iii certification training provides students with the practical skills used by reiki masters. it is designed for those who want the ...march 8, 2025march 9, 2025


view all upcoming events







what’s new






remembering dr. gladys mcgareyone of my clearest memories of dr. gladys mcgarey is when i attended a.r.e.’s seabeck conference with my parents with i was 19. my parents, ...new philanthropy teamat edgar cayce’s a.r.e., we believe that true transformation comes from the heart. as we continue to expand our mission of spiritual growth, ...back in print!venture inward magazine will once again be printed and mailed* starting with the january 2025 issue! we heard you. look for your printed version ...


view whats new





mind, body, spirit blog






what is psychic ability? does everyone have it?psychic ability is receiving information without a direct source using the five human-body senses—seeing, hearing, tasting, smelling, or ...spirit and soulspirit is the life force, while the soul is our individualized being with unique memories, thoughts, desires, fears, and hopes. the soul is an ...our original selveswhere is the original self? where is that portion that emanated from the source of all life? each of us has been born from the womb of our ...


view all posts







explore edgar cayce’s readings





edgar cayce is known for his trance-like states where he aligned his mind with the universal consciousness. he channeled insights offering practical help and advice to answer questions asked by people from across the country. these insights were documented and became known as edgar cayce “readings” and are still used today.
the majority of edgar cayce's readings deal with holistic health and the treatment of illness. today individuals from all walks of life and belief receive physical relief from illnesses or ailments through information given in the readings, even though some readings are 100 years old. the entire set of 14,306 readings includes a vast array of subject matter that can be narrowed down into the following categories:




akashic records
ancient mysteries
astrology
dreams
esp & psychic phenomena
health & wellness
life's purpose & challenges
meditation & prayer
reincarnation
spiritual growth








connect with your community





as a mind, body, spirit resource, the edgar cayce a.r.e. offers many ways for you to connect to your community, fulfilling your soul and helping others to do so as well. when you join in your community, your desire to be of service increases the overall energy of shared love and healing for everyone.



  spiritual study groups

prayer services

prison outreach



family resource hub

group tours & travel













transform your journey





the edgar cayce wisdom has been transforming lives for nearly 100 years. explore topics such as personal spirituality, holistic health, dreams, finding your life’s purpose, reincarnation, intuition, meditation, astrology, mindful living, ancient mysteries, and so much more. no matter where you are, you can find wisdom and inspiration from the work of edgar cayce. start your transformational journey today! a better you. a better future. a better world.



 
unlock yourbenefits







answer your calling

becoming a better you with atlantic university | earn your masters degreecertify to be a massage therapist at the cayce/reilly® school of massage











personal transformation through holistic & contemplative education
offering master’s degrees in transpersonal psychology and leadership studies, graduate certificates in regression hypnosis and mindful leadership, a certificate of completion in spiritual mentoring, as well as continuing education for lifelong learners, atlantic university has something for you.
this fully accredited curriculum presents holistic studies, psychology, literature, spiritual traditions, science, creativity, visual arts, and inner life work. atlantic university’s focus is to help people achieve higher human potential and transform their lives, better understand their relationship to all life, and be of profound service to others.
explore atlantic university courses









a leader in holistic education, wellness, and healthcare since 1987
the only massage therapy school in the u.s. to teach edgar cayce’s holistic healing philosophies of body, mind, and spirit, our 700-hour program offers a unique convergence of leading-edge technical massage instruction with the concepts of holism, healing, and personal transformation. the first massage school in virginia to obtain comta accreditation, the cayce/reilly school remains the only comta-accredited massage school in southeastern virginia.
explore massage certifications



















refresh and awaken

there’s so much to do on campus! meditate in our bamboo garden; relax with a massage; grab a bite to eat; go shopping in our unique metaphysical store, and so much more.






health center & spa
your self care journey starts here! since 1967, we have been transforming lives through holistic healing, including massage therapy, bodywork, hydrotherapies, acupuncture, chiropractic care and more. we focus on comprehensive body, mind, spirit care—as recommended in the edgar cayce readings—which support your body’s innate healing abilities.

see our services




graze kitchen & catering
located on campus and operated by executive chef shelley kilby, graze kitchen and catering offers seasonal menus with healthy southern-style food, prepared with fresh and locally sourced ingredients. bowls, sandwiches, salads, soups, sides, smoothies, beverages, desserts and more for brunch, lunch and dinner carry-out.

see our menu




cayce’s corner
your boutique for wisdom, oneness, and wellness—from our dazzling array of crystals, stones, and jewelry to unique handcrafted items from local artisans, we want to be your favorite source for thoughtful and meaningful gifts.

more info







tune in and find inspiration





events

the a.r.e. presents events and webinars on topics that enrich and inspire, featuring some of the nation’s top speakers. attend online or in person. find your next event and register today!

explore all events



cayce tv

our videos include topics found in the psychic readings of edgar cayce—from holistic health and spiritual growth to psychic development and dream interpretation.

access cayce tv



reflections podcast

 the wisdom of edgar cayce—broadcasting a new show every month, reflections is your way to take a look at what’s happening inside edgar cayce’s a.r.e.

listen to podcast



creating calm podcast

each episode will dive into specific challenges parents face today. together, we’ll explore how to navigate the world of parenting in these challenging times.

listen to podcast



 










followfollowfollowfollowfollow





edgar cayce’s a.r.e. – association for research and enlightenment, inc. 215 67th street, virginia beach, va 23451united states
(757) 428-3588 • (800) 333-4499



edgar cayce’s a.r.e. is a nonprofit, tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to providing tools for wellness, personal empowerment, and spiritual growth based on the work of edgar cayce.
contact us





edgar cayce’s a.r.e. – association for research and enlightenment, inc. • all content copyright , privacy policy.
website by red chalk studios



 









we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 







































close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 













