






























    allergy doctor - river edge, nj - allergy & immunology associates of teaneck and river edge
  














                  


   allergy & immunology associates of teaneck and river edge, p.a.   
theodore falk md, faaaai, faap




       

 





  



 call us 201-487-2900
    home



  services



  our physicians



  insurance



  contact us











    
 





        we do same day appointments!



   same day appointments!



    allergy & immunology associates of teaneck and river edge



   



     allergy & immunology associates of teaneck and river edge, p.a. 
 has been a proven leader in treating adult and pediatric allergy and immunology 
  in northern
new jersey 
 since opening their doors in 1987. led by theodore falk md, faaaai, faap 
 our clinic provides allergy and asthma evaluation and treatment for both adults and children. 
dr. falk has been consistently recognized as a castle connolly top doctor 
 since 2008. he is an attending physician at holy name medical center
 
and serves as the program director for the allergy division. 
dr. falk is also an attending physician at  englewood health. our premier team of allergists offer state of the art diagnosis and treatment for allergies and asthma. we welcome dr. ziv harish's 
patients! 
 
contact allergy & immunology associates of teaneck and river edge to schedule an appointment with our caring staff for allergy and asthma care. to schedule a same day appointment  call us today, our number is 201-487-2900. 


  




        new patient forms







       at allergy & immunology associates of teaneck and river edge, we perform testing and treatment for all types of allergies, asthma and immunology conditions. some of the services we provide include:
   skin allergy testing nasal allergy testing
 food allergy testing drug allergy testing
 immunotherapy








    based in river edge, new jersey, we proudly serve:
  bergen county including englewood, englewood cliffs, tenafly, ridgewood, alpine, franklin lakes, saddle river, upper saddle river, woodcliff lake, washington township, teterboro, ho-ho-kus, demarest, wyckoff, rockleigh, old tappan, haworth, allendale, montvale, edgewater, cresskill, ramsey, rivervale, fort lee, teaneck, hackensack, paramus, river edge, oradell, emerson, and other towns in new jersey, new york, and connecticut.







       allergy & immunology associates of teaneck and river edge, p.a.  tel:

201-487-2900 | fax: 201-487-1022 | 63 grand ave ste. 100 river edge, nj 07661 
      

 





  






    browse our website
     home



  services



  our physicians



  insurance



  contact us






  contact information
  allergy & immunology associates of
teaneck and river edge, p.a.
  tel: 
201-487-2900fax: 201-487-102263 grand avenue ste 100river edge, nj 07661

      

 





  






   content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy





















































































































  
  share by:














