















biological sciences | uc santa barbara












      skip to main content
    





















 
 











earn your ph.d., m.a., b.s. or b.a. degree in biology at uc santa barbara, a world class research university.


credit: cameron hannah-bick



 

 
 academic departments






  








ecology, evolution, and marine biology








  








molecular, cellular, and developmental biology







 
 graduate programs






  








ecology, evolution, and marine biology








  








molecular, cellular, and developmental biology











 




biomolecular science and engineering








 




interdepartmental graduate program in marine science








 




neuroscience graduate programs










 


 biology undergraduate program
biological sciences at the university of california santa barbara (ucsb) are administered jointly by the department of ecology, evolution and marine biology (eemb) and the department of molecular, cellular and developmental biology (mcdb). research and teaching programs cover the full spectrum of biological science from molecular biology and biochemistry to community and ecosystems ecology.
view undergraduate website




 

 
 location
the campus's character, physical beauty and location near a historic city with a diverse cultural life and commitment to preserving the environment all provide the setting for an academic community known internationally for its excellence and innovation. a member of the association of american universities, this vibrant, energetic campus ranks with harvard, stanford and uc berkeley among the leading institutions of higher learning in the u.s. and canada. students know it as a friendly, welcoming place where their professors take the time to help them learn. the quality of faculty members testifies to the strength of ucsb's academic programs and the quantity and quality of its research.





 
 
























 directories


 bmse
 eemb
 igpms
 mcdb







 website

 information
 terms of use
 privacy
 login











biological sciences  • 
uc santa barbara
2021 © regents of the university of california













