









































log in











homeimage galleryinformation
njfcc informationmember clubscable releaseofficers & chairpersonsregistered usersclub delegatesnjfcc citationsmemorialcontact us
competition
competition schedulecontest resultsdefinitions, awards & scorescompetition rulescompetition proceduresdocuments
judges training documents

photorama
photorama informationphotorama mail-in order form
social media
overviewmeetup
njfcc grouprequest formlinking zoom
zoom request formyoutube facebookeventbritemeetupsevents
documents
constitution and by-lawspublic documents


















your browser does not support iframes.




photorama 2025featuring "exploring new jersey" with rick gerrity and "photographing flowers on a lightbox" with padma inguvajoin with njfcc for phororama 2025 on march 29, 2025 at middlesex county college.registration info under the photorama tab.* * * * * * * * * *njfcc competition datescompetition schedule for 2024-2025 is complete. check out the dates under the "competition" tab.* * * * * * * * * *please be sure to send updates for leadership changes in your club--if your club's information has changed, thanks!




the new jersey federation of camera clubs (njfcc) is an association of local camera clubs embracing a membership of more than eight hundred amateur photographers in new jersey, new york and pennsylvania. the njfcc is dedicated to making photography more interesting and rewarding to the individual, through service to his/her club and by pooling the resources of individual clubs for the benefit of all. 
in 1951 a small group of representative photographers conceived the idea of an association of camera clubs to broaden and consolidate the high artistic and technical standards that have been the hallmark of amateur clubs, and to extend the opportunity beyond the confines of the individual club. fifteen clubs became charter members in the first year, and since that time membership has grown. 
the njfcc is comprised of member clubs in new jersey and surrounding areas. its purpose is to bring together individuals and clubs who share a common interest in photography, to establish a learning environment and spread the knowledge, skills and the joy of photography. affiliated club members may enter inter-club digital and print competitions scheduled throughout the year.



















					   website developer:
					jack moskowitz











