










home - international union of architects







































 

























                                    search for:                                














                                    close                                
















                                search                            

                                    login                                

englishenfrançaisfr 













                            international union of architects                        






home
about

the uia
members section
governance
partners
calendar
join us


commissions

architectural education
international competitions & awards
professional practice
sustainability
un 17 sdgs
unesco-uia validation


work programmes

architecture and children
architecture for all
architecture, cities and territories
community architecture and human rights
educational and cultural spaces
heritage and cultural identity
indigenous peoples
informal settlements
natural and human disasters
public health
public spaces
social habitat
sports and leisure


events
competitions
prizes
journal

news
interviews
mag


jobs
archive





















 
 












 founded in 1948, the international union of architects / union internationale des architectes (uia) is a federation of national professional organisations working to unify architects, influence public policies and advance architecture in service to the needs of society. 











 
 












                            mag / article                        

with the growing recognition of human rights in urban development, architects and urban planners are increasingly tasked with designing spaces that prioritise inclusivity, accessibility, and cultural sensitivity.  



                            news                        

the uia commission on architectural education organised a webinar on ‘emerging global trends in architectural education’.

the event included three very interesting presentations: radicant design by jana revedi, decolonising architectural pedagogy by ashraf salama, and ear to the ground, gaze to the stars by selma harrington. 



                            news                        

the international union of architects (uia) has launched  an international ideas competition designed to inspire and empower young architects to take a leading role in participatory urban design. 



                            news                        

organised by the uia heritage and cultural identity work programme, this webinar explores the resilience of communities through their cultural and architectural heritage, within the framework of sustainable tourism. 



                            news                        

the challenges humanity faces today are numerous and complex: the climate crisis, frequent natural disasters, political upheavals and wars; increasing inequalities, the affordability crisis, rapid advances in digitalisation and artificial intelligence. 



                            mag / article                        

in the last 80 years of urban and territorial development, humanity has prioritised personal egos and car-centric models, often driven by the desire to satisfy wants that surpass genuine needs. this self-serving focus has led to a disregard for the evaluation of actions and their impact on the environment, energy, and planetary resources 



                            mag / article                        

built environment education (bee) is a moral mission; knowledge gained through bee has consistently proven to help children and young people become better individuals. regardless of location, climate, building materials, design culture, or other architectural factors, bee is an ethical pathway to fostering sustainable thinking worldwide.  



                            mag / article                        

emna bchir and carlos zeballos co-directors, uia sustainability commission the multiple crisis of water scarcity, energy prices, pollution, biodiversity loss looming strong, climate change represents the most crucial challenge of […] 



                            interview                        

diébédo francis kéré is an award-winning architect from burkina faso and will be a keynote speaker at next year’s uia world congress of architects (18-22 july 2021, rio de janeiro, […] 



                            interview                        

wu liangyong is a chinese architect and urban planner and past vice-president of the international union of architects (uia) and of the architectural society of china. among many other achievements, […] 



                            interview                        

views and experiences of louise cox, uia past president 2008 – 2011 understanding your culture is most important. i was exposed to artworks and culture from the age of about […] 



                            interview                        

sara topelson is a mexican architect and urban planner. she served as uia council member for region iii between 1990 and 1993 and presided as president of the international union […] 




                        journal                    




                    members section                

                    the professional structure protecting the interests of the majority of architects in a country or territory can become a member section of the uia. through these member sections, the uia is represented in the following countries and territories, geographically grouped into 5 regions:                



                            region i: western europe                        

                            region ii: central and eastern europe                        

                            region iii: the americans                        

                            region iv: asia and oceania                        

                            region v: africa                        























                        join the professional network that unites 124 countries and territories. if your professional organisation represents the majority of qualified architects licensed to practice in your country, and if it is not yet a member of the uia, your organisation can apply for uia membership.                    




                            join us                        



                            join a work programme                        



                            join a commission                        



                            validate your architecture school                        






                                                                    newsletter sign-up
                                                            
|

                                contact                            










                                                                                            subscribe to our newsletter and never miss another update
                                                                                    



                                                                                            join our mailing list to receive updates from our team
                                                                                    













email address





                        i agree to receive this newsletter and know that i can easily unsubscribe at any time                    













privacy policy
terms of use
 








                        ©
                        2025 -
                        international union of architects                    


























