


the divine plan-learn more about yourself





















email







 
			home  
			divineplan  
			quiz  
			famous people  
			divine message  
			prayer  
			divine mother 
		















you are part of a divine plan
but do you know what it is? find it here.





















welcome to
 the divine plan
you are a divine being. find out how the divine plan web site can help you reach all
					that you are capable of becoming.
					
 					learn more about yourself by
					participating in each area of our spiritual circle. take the free personality analysis, 
					then follow the path and learn about your own personality profile. 
					highlighted each month, view famous people's personality profiles, many who have served as role 
					models. learn about the traits they chose, then
					compare the characteristics with your own.










also each month, come to divine guiding messages for inspiring passages. 
					catalyze and help yourself and others...check out the light spectrum for healing 
					and the divine mother offering love and solutions to today's challenges. 
					
					the prayer network provides a meeting house of exchange with prayers 
					you need or those you would like to send. go to the divine plan site in the 
					center of the circle to see the bigger picture of life. and don't forget the tapes 
					and gifts section, because material tools can help lead us to more spiritual awakenings.
					many blessings to you.read our mission statement 









spiritualpersonalityquiz
order profile
divine plan
prayer network
divine mother
divine message
healing
famous people
author



 

 





hello, i'm mattie. through events that happened earlier in my life and by the
					divine voice that provides spiritual wisdom you are reading about, i humbly 
					give you my service so that you and others can experience the joy and awareness 
					that come from all aspects of enlightenment.
					more about ...mattie



					talk personally with mattie on the chat page or email her. she appreciates any testimonials 
					concerning topics on this web site, feedback from individual profiles or other areas that have 
					promoted awareness.
email mattiechat schedule-coming soon


inner hearing
learn to hear divine messages internally. 
					one of the most important missions of the divine plan web site is to teach you how to 
					develop the ability to have "inner hearing." through this brief introductory lesson, you 
					will learn the simple techniques that have enabled participants attending mattie's courses 
					to converse with the divine within. we are all capable of receiving daily divine 
					intervention verbally. don't go another day without the highest form of assistance and 
					guidance.
 click here to learn the techniques of inner dialogue

how to have your individual life's personality profile done
everyone wants to know more about who they are so they can improve the course 
					of their life. your individual profile will offer
					insight about your spiritual age, the personality pattern you have 
					chosen before birth, including your primary personality type, color and six 
					other traits. there will be explanations about what these traits are to you and how they influence
					the way you make decisions, your direction in life, habits and 
					talents, to name a few. 
					
 click here for more helpful information
 click here for the free personality quiz













follow the fish for a guided tour of divineplan.com
			
			    
look for the bird to bring you back to main page
make sure to book mark this site and please return often







 web site creation by ultra violet expressions and amisland.com all rights reserved ©, 1999, 2000
logo by planit promo and design ©, all rights reserved




