






st paul lutheran church | knowing our savior, connecting to one another in relationships, serving god and neighbors in love.



























(847) 673-5030
office@stpaulskokie.org
 

st. paul lutheran church – skokie
  
 
 










home
about us

what we believe
welcome from pastor biar
meet our staff
church constitution
contact us


know

sermon series


connect

bible & study groups
prayer


serve

st paul choir
clothing closet
lutheran women mission
lwml


give
care network
online store
 





select page


  
 



 



 












 
 





welcome to st. paul lutheran church!

our mission statement:


knowing our savior;


connecting with one another in relationships;


serving god and neighbors in love.


to god be the glory!  join us for worship!

 

 
 
 

sunday services
9:00 am worship church sanctuary
10:30 am sunday school community center
10:30 am bible study church’s lower level
 
 

quick links
 
giving to st. paul

sermon series archive

worship stream live

 
 
 



 
 






we are looking forward to another exciting evening of challenging trivia, friendly competition, and fellowship among friends!  please register for the event below and select your payment option.

acceptable payments for registration are cash, check, or credit card via simply giving (additional processing fee requested).  see registration form for instructions. all proceeds from this event will benefit the niles township clothing closet and also be used for exterior repairs to our st. paul property.







reminders:


this event is for adults ages 21 years and over.
bring your own snacks and drinks for you and your tablemates.
doors open at 6:30 pm for set-up – st. paul community center gymnasium.
pick a theme and decorate your table for an opportunity to be recognized as the “best decorated table” at the event!
the table with the highest trivia score at the end of the evening will be recognized as the “2025 st. paul-skokie trivia night champions” and will receive a cash award.
please bring cash if you intend to purchase raffle tickets.  we are unable to accept credit cards for these sales.


questions? call (847) 673-5030 or email office@stpaulskokie.org or email kim malcman at mrsmalcman@hotmail.com.

 
 
 

 
 
 



current sermon series

 
 


click the image to view service bulletins and recorded services for the current sermon series.
______________________________ 

join us as we explore the case for easter, wednesdays through lent.  all materials are complementary with your registration.
 




learn more about st. paul

 
 



see one, reach one, love one, invite one
interested in learning more about st. paul?  this video shows how we are working toward fulfilling our mission, told by members of the congregation, pastor biar, and partners in the community.  discover the heart of st. paul and how it points back to christ.
click here for the video.
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 






sunday services
we worship weekly in the sanctuary at 9:00 am.  we live-stream the service on facebook (link above) if you are unable to join us in person.
sunday school is held after the worship service in our community center for children ages 3 – 12.
pastor biar leads a bible study after the worship service open to all.  the study takes place on the lover level of the church.  join the group as they study the book of romans.
 

 
 
 




midweek connections

men’s bible study
thursdays – 7:00 – 8:00 pm  small group room – community center

 
 
 




upcoming events

trivia night
saturday, february 22, 2025  – doors open at 6:30 pm. see complete details above.
ash wednesday service
march 5, 2025 – 7:00 pm – church sanctuary
wednesday lenten bible studies
march 12th, 19th, 26th and april 2nd and 9th – 7:00 – 8:30 pm – church sanctuary

 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 



location st paul lutheran church
5201 galitz st,
skokie, il 60077

   contact us: phone: 847-673-5030
office email office@stpaulskokie.org

     
 



designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress  

 
 
 






