







fppc home













 
 

























skip to main content









menu
search



search 




about fppc



what the fppc does
learn about the fppc's responsibilities and functions.


organization & responsibilities
information about the structure and functions of the fppc and its various divisions.


about the political reform act
read about the landmark law that created the fppc.


hearings, meetings and workshops
view information about the commission's upcoming hearings, meetings and workshops.


annual report
view the statistics and case summaries in the commission's annual report.


public records request
submit a public records request for any publicly available information held by the fppc.


employment opportunities
see what exciting jobs are currently available at the fppc.


contact us
contact us at (866) 275-3772 or advice@fppc.ca.gov for expert guidance on your responsibilities under the act. reach out for inquiries, assistance, or to stay informed about ethical and transparent governance. our team offers telephone and online advice for individuals seeking essential guidance.


events



accessibility policy






the law



conflict of interest code exemptions



recent changes to the political reform act



pending legislation
legislation related to the political reform act or the commission, and positions taken by the commission.


the political reform act
view the full version of the political reform act.


fppc regulations
view an index of fppc regulations or information about newly adopted, amended, repealed or proposed regulations. 


advice letters and commission opinions
search through fppc advice letters and commission opinions.


local campaign ordinances
view the campaign finance laws from localities across california. 





learn



campaign rules
view filing schedules, contribution limits, campaign forms, changes to campaign laws, candidate toolkits, advertising rules and other helpful information about campaigns. 


conflicts of interest rules
learn what constitutes a conflict of interest and how to determine if someone should be disqualified from participating in a governmental decision.


section 1090
learn about conflicts of interest in governmental contracts and how to determine if an official or agency is prohibited from making a decision concerning a contract.


lobbyist rules
learn how to register as a lobbyist, report lobbying activity, ethics course requirements or view helpful manuals.


rules on conflict of interest codes
information on what a conflict of interest code is, how to update them, and who is required to be listed. 


guidance for filing officers 
helpful tools for filing officers dealing with campaign statements or the form 700.


public officials and employees rules 
resources for public officials and employees about ethics training, gifts, conflicts of interest and other rules every public servant must follow. 


san bernardino county candidates



san bernardino city candidates



training & outreach
view resources and upcoming training opportunities for candidates, treasurers, committees, filing officers, conflict of interest code reviewers and form 700 filers.  


political reform education program (prep)
the purpose of the political reform education program (prep) is to allow for the education of respondents who have little or no experience with the political reform act and commit minor violations, in lieu of monetary penalties. 


what's new



contribution limits: city and county candidates



fact sheets
view factsheets developed to answer commonly asked questions.


pay-to-play limits and prohibitions



2024 election






advice



informal advice
request informal advice about your obligations under the act.


formal advice
request formal written advice from the fppc. 


search advice letters



search commission opinions






enforcement



file a complaint
anyone who suspects a violation of the act should file a complaint with the fppc


case results
search through cases that have been closed by the fppc.


enforcement division reports
view statistics and summaries of major cases prosecuted by the enforcement division. 


contact enforcement 
contact information for the enforcement division. 


pay an enforcement penalty
fppc’s electronic payment system for enforcement penalties


fppc-adwatch
pro-active campaign advertising compliance program


complaint and case information portal
find information related to complaints and cases. 


policy directives
learn about and view the commission’s policy directives regarding the enforcement division.





transparency portal



search fppc letters, forms, opinions and case closures
search form 700s, behested payment reports, advice letters commission opinions and other forms filed with the fppc.


behested payments
find who is making and receiving behested payments, and the amounts.


top contributor lists
view the top contributors to ballot measures and independent expenditure committees supporting or opposing candidates


heat map
find out where violations occur across california. 


public records request
submit a public records request for any publicly available information held by the fppc.


pending legislation
legislation related to the political reform act or the commission, and positions taken by the commission.


special reports



complaint and case information portal
find information related to complaints and cases. 


registered to lobby



audit program
learn about the fppc audit program and view entities who have been selected for random audits.


800 series forms search






media center



news releases
view news releases put out by the fppc.


agenda
view the items to be discussed at the commission's upcoming hearing. 


annual report
view the statistics and case summaries in the commission's annual report.


media faqs



public records request
submit a public records request for any publicly available information held by the fppc.


fact sheets
view factsheets developed to answer commonly asked questions.


informational videos
learn more about what the fppc does and how you can find help


fppc youtube



















fppc adwatchthe enforcement division will review all submitted advertisements and communications for compliance and will actively pursue any potential violations. 
								






what is the fppc?videos about the role of the fppc in politics.
								






engagethe fppc promotes civic engagement by ensuring the fairness and integrity of california's political process. 
								






integrity & transparencythe nonpartisan fppc is the agency primarily responsible for the fair application, interpretation, and enforcement of the political reform act.  
								






statewide enforcementlocated in sacramento, the fppc has jurisdiction to investigate suspected violations of the political reform act across california.
								










file a form 700


how to file a complaint


need a form? view all forms
























this month at the fppc

law and policy committee meeting: february 4, 2025
  
public draw a: february 12, 2025
 
fppc commission meeting: february 13, 2025
 

trainings and webinars

form 700 filers: february 20, 2025 (online)
  
form 700 filing officers: february 25, 2025 (online)









i want to...






view
				
			


find
				
			


file
				
			


get involved
				
			




filing deadlines
enforcement case resolutions
form 700s filed by an elected official
hearings, meetings and workshops
upcoming events
agendas for commission meetings

training and outreach
webinar videos
new laws



the political reform act
enforcement case results
filing schedules
ethics training for public employees
fppc forms

behested payments

advice letters & commission opinions
fppc contact information



form 700 - statement of economic interest
complaint
behested payment reports
t10 - top contributor report
form 802 - agency report of events/ ticket distribution
form 806 - agency report of public official appointments

public records requests

campaign finance forms




interested person meetings
public comment
file a complaint
attend a commission meeting
join our mailing list
request training
social media links
contact list


















complaint and case information portal
you can use the complaint and case information portal to find information related to complaints and cases.














fppc-adwatch
your opportunity to submit advertisements that you believe may not be in compliance with the advertising disclosure rules.























resources for...








				
				
					state & local filing schedules
								
			




				
				
					fact sheets
								
			




				
				
					filing officers
								
			




				
				
					candidates & committees
								
			




				
				
					public officials & employees
								
			




				
				
					lobbyists
								
			






youtube live
commission meeting: thursday, february 13, 10am
please check at 9:55am. to participate in real time, visit http://mediasite.fppc.ca.gov/ or call (669) 444-9171; meeting id 9856036268.









 
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;
 







request alternative format
all forms and publications on this website are available in alternative formats. if you would like a copy of a form or publication in an alternative format, please submit your request to webmaster@fppc.ca.gov




			submit request
	
































fppc news & updates









the maddy report: california’s fair political practice commission (youtube)
  
fppc chair miadich on insight, capitol public radio, august 23, 2022 (audio)


california should end deceitful campaign fundraising tactic

politics brings out the passion in many people, passion strong enough that you decide you’ll take your hard-earned money and give to your favorite candidate. you notice their pitch on-line, give your credit card number and contribute.....

published: august 18, 2022
 
contending with crypto

california campaigns could soon start accepting bitcoin and the like after the fair political practices commission voted yesterday to reverse a four-year ban on the practice, making california one of 13 states (plus d.c.) to explicitly allow the novel donation source. ....

published: july 07, 2022
 
californians can soon use cryptocurrencies to donate to state and local candidates

candidates for state and local offices in california will soon be able to accept cryptocurrency campaign donations.....

published: july 21, 2022

 
view all news & updates
 




















































what’s new
updated rules, forms, manuals, etc.












top 10 contributors list
 












tracking behested payments.






























california fair political practices commission







the fair political practices commission is a five-member independent, non-partisan commission that has primary responsibility for the impartial and effective administration of the political reform act.
the act regulates campaign financing, conflicts of interest, lobbying, and governmental ethics. the commission’s objectives are to ensure that public officials act in a fair and unbiased manner in the governmental decision-making process, to promote transparency in government, and to foster public trust in the political system. 












what the fppc does






about the political reform act






organization & responsibilities






annual report






hearings, meetings and workshops



























follow us

























website comments and suggestions








back to top

privacy policy

mailing list

sitemap

contact

accessibility policy



                    copyright ©  california fair political practices commission
                



















