



home - clay county, iowa















































official website for clay county, iowa




 | documents and forms | faqs  |  office directory | elections information | jobs















home

history & resources

communities


dickens


everly


fostoria


gillett grove


greenville


peterson


rossie


royal


spencer


webb



elected offices


attorney


documents and forms




auditor/commissioner of elections


documents and forms


elections information


financials




board of supervisors


documents and forms


drainage district minutes


revolving loan fund




recorder


documents and forms


real estate inquiry




sheriff


civil division


investigations


sheriff sales


amber alert


documents and forms




treasurer


documents and forms


driver's license


motor vehicle


property taxes


real estate inquiry





offices


assessor


documents and forms


real estate inquiry




conservation


weed commissioner




emergency management


documents and forms




emergency medical services


document and forms




engineer/secondary roads


documents and forms




enviromental health


documents and forms




general relief


gis/mapping


documents and forms




maintenance


medical examiner


mental health


public health


veteran affairs


documents and forms




zoning


board of adjustment


documents and forms


zoning commission





contact us

public notices
 








































directory













driver's license




















election information













real estate inquiry




























 agendas & minutes













property search





















pay property taxes














pay vehicle registrations






























welcome!










we’re certain our hospitality will make you feel at home! all you could hope for in the way of things to do are right here! museums, theaters, sports, shopping, dining and each september we’re home to the world’s greatest county fair!  hunting, canoeing, fishing and pedaling on the bike trails are a few of the recreational opportunities that abound in clay county and the year round array of entertainment such as live theatre productions, continuously - changing art exhibits and the many treasures you will find in our museums will amaze you!  whether you plan to spend the day exploring clay county’s many historic sites, discover the many natural resources, parks, conservation areas, golf on green, well manicured courses, or experience the diverse culture of our community, there is an attraction waiting for you.  we offer many opportunities to enjoy our annual festivals, unique shops and when hunger strikes a restaurant can be found just around the corner.





















 county public notices


 revolving loan fund guidelines








recently added document
























 hey! what can we help you find?









clay county mission statement 








to provide



courteous, efficient service and open access to public records for the citizen of clay county.


to promote



knowledge, understanding, and public participation in clay county government.


to encourage



excellence & creativity, recognize progress and change as a friend, and to constantly seek to improve procedures, systems, performance and service.


to strive



to do our very best for the citizens of clay county.











explore clay county!













planning on visiting the clay county area and communities in the near future?



















cemeteries











census











museums











parks











places of worship











schools




notice! clicking these links will take you away from the clay county, iowa website.



















news








notice! clicking these links will take you away from the clay county, iowa website.























quick links



agenda/minutesclaimsclay county tourismcounty financialsdrainage district minutesemployment opportunitesoffice directoryordinancespoliciessearch


elected offices



attorneyauditor/commissioner of electionsboard of supervisorselection informationrecordersheriff's officetreasurer











historic photographs courtesy clay county heritage center









offices



assessorconservationemergency managementemergency medical servicesengineer/secondary roadsenvironmental healthgeneral reliefgis/mappingmaintenancemedical examinermental healthpublic healthveterans affairsweed commissionerzoning


find us!



clay county courthouse215 west 4th streetspencer, iowa 51301 clay county administration building300 west 4th streetspencer, iowa 51301 clay county sheriff's office3115 west 4th streetspencer, iowa 51301
































web hosting and management by solutions, inc.clay county, iowa © 1999 - 2022. all rights reserved. every effort is made to ensure accurate information is posted to this site. however,  clay county,  iowa,  does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy,  reliability or timeliness  of the content on this site or content which is referenced by or linked to this site. redistribution of data from this site for commercial purposes is prohibited.














 

sol-azure_0f12e0729b464c44a1581d0e052b5aa342a36948f5c241b0ab9e7c97d48629847c41be559ef541679a0191e7d258c00d08e144407c414a33b8549619f11199d1


