















lebeda mattress factory – when quality matters, purchase your new mattress from lebeda mattress factory























































































skip to content





 find a location











 






×
mattresses

most popular mattress
adjustable mattresses
every night sleep
guest mattress
flippable mattress
kids mattress
pillowtop mattresses
tru hybrid™


adjustable bases

silver 450
prodigy lbr
silver 280


furniture

lincoln lakes furniture


accessories

bed frames
mattress pads & protectors
pillows


help

special financing offer
quality craftsmanship
factory direct
custom sizes
faqs
true customer service
mattress report blog
check out our rave reviews!
leave a review


promotions

promotions
special financing offer


0 items$0.00 


 


search









 






find the perfect bed for you. 

size

any size
twin
twin xl
full
full xl
queen
king
cal. king



base

mattress only
mattress & box spring
mattress & split box spring
mattress and low-profile box spring (5" tall)




firm
soft








price













 

save now during our president’s day half price mattress sale!!  mattress sets, adjustable sleep systems, save on nearly everything in the store is on sale now with items as low as half price. lebeda mattresses provide incredible support and comfort. with over 30 styles to choose from, our showrooms have it all, flippable mattresses , talalay latex, memory foam beds, hybrid mattresses, adjustable beds with power bases, and more. plus when you buy direct from the factory you save! visit our showroom near you to discover the mattress that fits you perfectly!
 
more information 



 

check out our reviews!!! it’s true! people love their lebeda’s!
check out reviews 



 

lebeda mattresses are...     truly factory direct! learn more 



 

earth's premier sleeping material quanta plush hybrid
experience sleeping on the greatest bedding material the planet has to offer with tru hybrid™ support.
learn more 



 

only at lebeda... mystique
when you’re looking for alluring luxury, you’ll find it in the mystique.  this mattress is coming soon to a gallery showroom near you.







 find a lebeda near you we have showrooms in iowa, kansas, missouri and nebraska. find a location near you!




 









handcrafted american made mattresses! 


 
 
legacy pillowtop 
$1,099.00 – $2,199.00

 

 
 
paradox pillow plush 
$1,699.00 – $3,299.00

 

 
 
aurora plush 2 
$1,599.00 – $3,199.00

 

 
 
opulence pillowtop 
$2,189.00 – $4,699.00

 

 
 
quanta pillow plush hybrid 
$1,199.00 – $2,399.00

 

 
 
emmalyn pillowtop hybrid 
$699.00 – $1,499.00

 

 
 
emmalyn plush hybrid 
$649.00 – $1,399.00

 

 
 
emmalyn firm 
$599.00 – $1,299.00

 

 
 
celeste pillowtop 
$237.00 – $849.00

 

 
 
celeste firm 
$237.00 – $849.00

 

 
 
celeste pillow plush 
$319.00 – $949.00

 

 
 
pearl plush 2 
$189.00 – $699.00

 

 
 
reve pillowtop hybrid 
$2,249.00 – $4,499.00

 

 
 
quanta firm 
$1,349.00 – $2,699.00

 

 
 
celeste plush 2 
$279.00 – $949.00

 

 
 
reve pillowtop 
$2,089.00 – $4,499.00

 






why lebeda? what sets lebeda mattress factory apart? is it the customer service included in our 730 day comfort customization period? is it the quality of our in-house, american made mattresses? or is it the factory direct value you enjoy? the truth is, it’s a combination of all these things!










customer service 










craftsmanship 










factory direct 











my delivery experience was amazing! the guys were super nice and made quick work of getting my mattress set up and ready for me!

clair m





great experience at lebeda. lisa was very knowledgeable and accommodating on the presentation and delivery for our new mattress! she also gave us very good deals on pillows. we could not pass up the financing opportunity lebeda had to offer!

brennen p.
lisa





the lady was very informative. we talked like an hour. she was so nice. prices were reasonable!!!!! will definitely be getting a lebeda because i’ve had 2 before and they are awesome beds

dawn h. 





lisa is a wonderful sales lady. our bed was a little too soft for us and wasn’t very old so she had it firmed up for us and we really love it. she always answered any questions we had. if you are looking for a bed ask for lisa as she is very knowledgeable and so kind. we really like dealing with her in the cedar falls store.

nancy d.
lisa





great service since the moment we entered the door!
don’t let this looks deceive you!…. they have great prices! we went to about 4 -5 different places, but lebeda mattress factory has the best prices, the nicest looking mattress store, the best quality (made to order), but the best of all great service. we will totally be recommending and be a returning customer.

gabriela a
taylor





my husband and i were amazed with taylor’s customer service and the selection labeda has to offer. taylor was super knowledgeable, and listened to what we were looking for. he made the process easy. we are so thankful we drove the 50 minutes to go to labeda to buy our first mattress as mr. and mrs.!

erin e
taylor





great experience! tayler is a wonderful associate. took the time to answer all of my questions, and went out of his way to provide phenomenal customer service.

heather s
tyler





not what i expected at all – usually buying any kind of furniture is an uncomfortable high-pressure sales situation. we went to the store in coralville, ia to buy a bed for our daughter. clint was super nice, helpful, and informative, but gave us the time and space we needed to figure out what to get. bonus – the showroom has a wide variety of options but isn’t so large that i got decision paralysis. we got a great deal and were out of there in under 30 minutes knowing that we got exactly what we were looking for.

heidi k
clint





clint at lebeda was excellent. he thoughtfully helped me to choose the right mattress for my parents who have some mobility and health issues. he listened well and offered suggestions. lebeda delivered the mattress right when we needed it, i would highly recommend lebeda and clint for excellent customer service and a high quality, competitively priced mattress.

teresa h
clint





after looking online everywhere for a mattress and feeling completely overwhelmed, i just took the dive and went into lebeda. laman made my experience so easy and comfortable, i felt like i was talking to a friend. he gave his honest opinions on each mattress i liked, and took into deep consideration, what would best suit my hips and back in the long run. i couldn’t be happier with choosing his store to go through for this purchase. if your considering coming here i truly recommend them!

danielle d
laman





the next day after my lebeda mattress and glacier pillow were delivered, i stopped in our local store to thank laman alvarez for his help selecting a bed because it was the best night of sleep i’d had in a while! i’m a side sleeper and have arthritis and the product he helped me select was a terrific match. very much worth the investment!

ross w
laman 





we had the most wonderful experience at lebeda. the guest service was phenomenal and we were asked questions about our lifestyle, like if we are college students, to find the best mattress for our needs and budget. it never felt like we were being upsold but truly just finding the best fit for us. we were taught specifically how to care for it and get the most life out of it, that’s how you know they stand by their product. giovanni at lebeda is the guy to go to for your mattress needs! highly recommend coming here, and we’ll certainly be back!

rory h
laman





i had put off shopping for a mattress for months because i dreaded what i thought would be an ordeal. mason in west des moines was great. he was friendly and very knowledgeable about the mattresses at lebeda. he listened to our requirements and then recommended the mattress he felt would work best for us. we purchased it on a saturday, and it will be delivered to us on tuesday. can’t wait for a comfortable night of sleep.

sandi t

products : 
quanta firm 
mason





spectacular experience. i almost bought a bed online to save a few bucks. i’m so glad we went with lebeda and bought from real, nice local people. mason and riley were both very nice and helpful. mason really knows his stuff and made sure we got the perfect bed for us and put our best interest first. got a great deal. after a failed bed in a box, i’m reminded of what a real quality bed feels like! the delivery guys were amazing. our frame had a piece that wasn’t in prime condition and they literally rebuilt our frame with parts they happened to have on the truck. they could have easily left it as it was but chose to go above and beyond to make sure it was perfect! thank you!

aly m

products : 
legacy firm 
mason & riley





just purchased a mattress for our toddler here. needless to say, did not want to spend all day mattress shopping. the younger guy working, didn’t catch his name, was great. told him what we wanted and he immediately pointed us to our options with no attempt to upsell. they were well built at a great price. mattress was in stock and we drove home with it. the entire experience start to finish took less than 10 minutes.
most painless mattress shopping experience of my life. lebeda till i die!

jeff b

products : 
emmalyn firm 
mason hoyt








dreaming about a new lebeda mattress? check out our convenient financing options
 







mattress buying faqs 

can you take a mattress to the dump?
where are lebeda mattresses made?
what does it mean for a mattress to be “roll packed”?
how long should you keep mattress?
where to dispose of a mattress?
i have back problems… what is the best mattress for me?
how do you clean a mattress?
why should i purchase a lebeda mattress?
 
all mattress store faq's











locationslebeda ames
lebeda ankeny
lebeda cedar falls
lebeda cedar rapids
lebeda coralville
lebeda davenport
lebeda des moines
lebeda dubuque
lebeda st. joseph
lebeda marion
lebeda omaha
lebeda topeka
companyhelp
factory direct
faqs
contact us
custom sizes
mattress report blog
productsmattresses
accessories
furniture
need help choosing? talk or message a mattress specialist today!
learn more 


connect with us


 

 

 






designed by maudience – iowa digital marketing agency








the owner of this website has made a commitment to accessibility and inclusion, please report any problems that you encounter using the contact form on this website. this site uses the wp ada compliance check plugin to enhance accessibility.




































