


	watch winders | benson • orbita • swiss kubik • bernard favre • paul design • chronovision | watchwinders.com



















worldwide delivery
free shipping within the netherlands



english - general (en)

nederlands - nederland (nl-nl)
deutsch - deutschland (de-de)
english - united kingdom (en-uk)
english - general (en)

















watch winders


watch winders
watch winders
watch winders for sale
watch winder categories
classic watch windergerman watch windermodern watch winderswiss made watch winder

watch winder properties
watch winder for 1 watchwatch winder for 2 watcheswatch winder for 3 watcheswatch winder for 4 watcheswatch winder for 6 watcheswatch winder for 8 watcheswatch winder for 9 watcheswatch winder for 12 watcheswatch winder for 16 watcheswatch winder for 20 watcheswatch winder for 24 watches



our watch winder brands (a-z)benson(149)bernard favre(29)chronovision(47)heisse & söhne(27)kunstwinder(7)orbita(22)paul design(22)rdi(11)scatola del tempo(42)swiss kubik(94)


our watch winder brands (logos)



watch boxes


watch boxes
watch boxes
watch boxes for sale




our watch boxes brands (a-z)benson(24)


our watch boxes brands (logos)



sale

watch winders
watch boxes


contact

order information
about us
contact us

















the most popular watch winders on watchwinders.com
benson demo black series 4.16.cf€ 949€ 669benson demo black series 6.16.ma€ 1249€ 869paul design gentlemen 2+3 black apricot 2023€ 890€ 699bernard favre planet gold watch winder€ 2.590benson compact double 2.bg watchwinder€ 399€ 319


official dealerwatchwinders.com is official dealer of many brands.
free shippingyour order will be shipped for free within the netherlands.
28 day trialtryout your watch winder for 28 days? no problem!
discount systemsave between 5% and 12,5% on your next order!












watch winders at watchwinders.com
as official dealer of famous watch winder brands such as swiss kubik, benson en orbita and with more than 19 years of experience in the field of watch winders, we may say that we are specialists. watchwinders.com offers you the most up-to-date collections, competitive prices and excellent service.
a watch winder is a functional accessory for automatic watches. by simulating wrist movement, a watch winder provides the caliber of one or more automatic watches with energy so that it will continue to "run". this keeps the automatic watch running nicely on time and various functions such as the date, chronograph and moon phase remain set.
the use of a watch winder has a positive influence on the durability and preservation of your automatic watches because the important parts of the caliber keep in motion and the oil is well distributed. a watch winder is also a functional accessory to safely store your automatic watches and protects the automatic watches against dust, condensation and/or other external influences.
with a collection of more than 15 watch winder brands, we always offer you the most suitable watch winder to safely energize your automatic watches. our collection includes brands such as chronovision, elma motion, heisse & söhne, paul design, rdi, bernard favre and boda concept. the watch winder brands in our collection are selected for quality, durability and functionality.
how do i choose the best watch winder?
we sell watch winders suitable for one automatic watch but also for 2, 3, 4, 6, 8 or more than 10 automatic watches.
you can also search by watch winder type such as; watch winder with batteries, swiss made watch winder, german watch winder or modern watch winder.
every watch winder in our collection offers the most important functions for winding an automatic watch. the direction of rotation (clockwise, counter clockwise or alternating), the number of revolutions per day (tpd = turns per day) and any additional functions such as a sleep mode or speed winding. in addition, you can opt for luxury watch winders with led lighting, extra storage space or even a watch winder safe.
secure, quick and competitive pricing
in our online shop you can safely buy a watch winder for a reasonable price. you can pay with your creditcard, paypal or by wire transfer. we offer you favourable shipping rates worldwide via fedex, dpd or postnl. from our warehouse in the netherlands we ship your order quick and safely packed. you can return your purchase within 28 days and we offer warranty on each watch winder.



latest news & blogbenson black series ii 2 carbon fiber watch winderif you are a lover or perhaps even a collector of luxury automatic watches, there is one watch accessory that you absolutely cannot do without. we are talking about a good watch winder. with the emphasis on ‘good’, because when purchasing this specific watch accessory it is very important to choose quality. a quality watch winder offers several important advantages. for example, a good watch winder offers a safe and effective way of winding your automatic watches. this prevents your automatic watch from coming to a standstill when you are not wearing it. the watch winder imitates the movements of the wrist, so that the watch can also be wound when you are not wearing it. the same movements also ensure that the oil in the watch movement is distributed correctly.

in addition to the winding function of this ultimate watch accessory, a good watch winder also fulfills a storage and display function. when you store your automatic watch or watches in a quality watch winder, you do not have to worry about damage. in addition, there are also models available that can be locked with a door (with or without a lock), which also allows you to protect your watches against moisture and dust, for example. the display function of this watch accessory depends on a luxurious appearance and the use of high-quality materials. with a model with class, you can present your watch or watches in a professional manner.
a good watch winder does not necessarily have to be in the highest price range. there are also brands that are specifically known for the good price/quality ratio of their products. the dutch brand benson is a good example of this. at benson you can purchase very beautiful and high-quality watch accessories for competitive prices, which also offer a very high level of user comfort. in this article, we would like to pay attention to a model from the new benson black ii series. the models in this series belong to the new generation of benson black series watch winders, which offer the best in both quality and appearance.
a beautiful example of a model from the benson black series ii is the benson black series ii 2 carbon fiber watch winder. this design not only offers space for winding two automatic watches, but also features a handy extra storage space. this storage space under the special soft close lid offers space for storing any other jewelry, cufflinks or other watches (mechanical or quartz watches). this model by benson is made of wood and is also beautifully finished with a carbon fiber look. this gives this design a very luxurious and striking appearance. the watch winder can be closed at the front with a glass door. this model is fully adjustable and therefore suitable for winding any automatic watch, regardless of the brand or type of watch. for example, you can use the modern touchscreen to change the direction of rotation and the number of turns per day per watch separately.
the basis of the benson black series ii 2 carbon fiber is formed by high-quality japanese motors, which are known for their reliable and energy-efficient character. these motors also silently supply your watches with energy, so you can place the benson black series ii 2 carbon fiber perfectly in places where silence is desired. think for example of the work or study room or the bedroom. the benson black series ii 2 carbon fiber is also equipped with modern multicolour led lighting. in addition, this model has a usb connection. in addition to the programs cw, cc and alt and an overwind protection, this design also offers a handy speedwinding function. this allows you to wind your automatic watches in a short time. the modern start/stop system ensures that the watch winder stops when the door is opened. the motors also start and stop neatly at a 12 o'clock position.
the benson black series ii 2 carbon fiber comes with an adapter and a handy remote control. in addition, you will receive this model with a two-year warranty, user manual and certificate. all in all, with the benson black series ii 2 carbon fiber you not only choose a perfect way to wind your automatic watches, but also affordable luxury. with the competitive prices in combination with high quality and high user comfort, benson is a very interesting brand in watch accessories, for every lover and collector of automatic watches. with the benson black series ii 2 carbon fiber, your automatic watches are always ready for use and you no longer have to worry about your watches standing still. this allows you to prevent inaccuracies in the time display. moreover, it is of course undesirable to have to reset the watch again and again after standing still.
so choose the ultimate watch accessory now, choose the benson black series ii 2 carbon fiber! you can find this and many other models of the benson brand in our webshop.read more >>posted on 11 february 2025 at 2:40 pmbernard favre modulor moon black 158101000 watch winderan automatic watch needs a specific type of care. these watches are equipped with advanced automatic movements, which have been assembled by a true craftsman with the utmost precision and attention to detail. an automatic movement has a great appeal to many lovers and collectors of luxury watches, due to its special operation and authentic character. however, because these watches can only function by movement, a good watch winder is actually indispensable for their care. when you do not have your automatic watch on your wrist, the necessary movement for the watch is missing. in this way, the watch is not wound and will come to a standstill within a foreseeable time.

if you place your automatic watch in a good watch winder when you are not wearing it, you can prevent this. a quality watch winder provides the necessary method of movement. not only is your automatic watch wound effectively and safely in this way, it also ensures that the oil in the watch is distributed correctly. all in all, a good watch winder has a very important task. in addition to the winding function, a high-quality model also offers a safe storage place and display for presenting your beloved watch. it is therefore important to select a suitable watch winder with the necessary care and attention. first of all, you choose a quality model in terms of technology and use of materials. this means you choose safety for your automatic watch and you will also enjoy this indispensable watch accessory for a long time.
if you find not only the quality, but also the appearance and design of a watch winder very important, we would like to introduce you to a swiss brand in this field that has the most exclusive models to offer. we are talking about the leading brand bernard favre. bernard favre is a brand that has certainly earned its spurs in the watch industry. with the exclusive and absolutely unique designs within the brand's collection, it knows how to surprise the enthusiast and collector of luxury automatic watches again and again.
for example, the extremely beautiful 'planet' watch winders from the brand can be called very appealing. in addition, bernard favre now also offers the beautiful bernard favre modulor moon models, which, like the ‘planet’ watch winders, stand out due to their luxurious design and fascinating three-dimensional movements that wind up every brand and type of automatic watch. these beautiful new models offer a modular system, where different sets can be combined. this makes it easy to increase the winding capacity as the collection of automatic watches grows. these models are available in different versions. for example, bernard favre offers the bernard favre modulor moon black models and the bernard favre modulor moon walnut designs. in this article, we would like to tell you more about a specific model from this series by bernard favre, namely the bernard favre modulor moon black 158101000.
the bernard favre modulor moon black 158101000 watch winder is made of aluminum and has a black/silver exterior. the inside of the watch winder is black. this specific model is also equipped with rings that are also black. the watch is placed in these, after which it can be supplied with the necessary energy by means of rotation. the bernard favre modulor moon black 158101000 is supplied without a glass dome. however, you can also opt for the bernard favre modulor moon black 158101001. this is the same model as the bernard favre modulor moon black 158101000, only this one is supplied with a glass dome.
the bernard favre modulor moon black 158101000 is powered by a swiss made motor, which is very quiet. when purchasing this model, you certainly do not have to worry about disturbing noises during the winding process and you can place it wherever you want. in addition, these swiss motors are known to be very reliable, so you can always count on your bernard favre watch winder. moreover, this watch accessory works on batteries, which also makes storing it in a safe a nice option. this allows you to choose the most optimally safe situation for your automatic watches and watch winder. the bernard favre modulor moon black 158101000 also offers the programs cw, cc and alt and an overwind protection. this last functionality offers your automatic watch protection against overvoltage.
the bernard favre modulor moon black 158101000 can be ordered from our webshop. this model is supplied by us with a two-year warranty and clear manual. you can pay with us using various secure payment methods, such as ideal, paypal, credit card or bank transfer.if you have any questions or if you require appropriate advice, we are also happy to assist you. with our extensive knowledge and experience in this area, we will certainly be able to help you further!read more >>posted on 13 february 2025 at 8:01 am








interested in our newsletter?







did you know that we also sell watches?
order informationloyalty programshippingpayment methodswarranty
customer servicefaqwarranty formreturn formgeneral terms & conditionsprivacy policy
contactcontact informationabout uscustomer reviewsgift couponnewsblog

ontwerp & ontwikkeling door netfiesta | v4.101.0




