






the amish experience | at plain & fancy farm.






















 






 



the amish experience
 












amish house & school
f/x theater
guided tours

amish farmlands tour
amish visit-in person
meal in an amish home experience
amish artisan tour


ticket options

supersaver package
combo tickets
visit in person tour
2025 tickets & prices
visit planning tips


group rates

adult groups
student / youth groups


lodging and dining
 


select page


  
 
 












































the amish experience is closed in january and february, and will reopen march 1, 2025.
reservations for 2025 now available.
group tour reservations are welcome any time (including when we are closed.)

the amish experience is closed in january and february, and will reopen march 1, 2025.
reservations for 2025 now available.  
group tour reservations are welcome any time (including when we are closed.)



the amish experience box office can be reached by phone at 717-768-8400 extension 210 or by email via clinton@amishexperience.com.







the amish experience – 3121 old philadelphia pike, bird-in-hand, pa 17505.
2025 is our 66th year presenting guided tours of the amish farmlands, tours of lancaster county’s only officially designated “heritage site” amish house & one-room school, and the spectacular amish experience theater five-screen production of jacob’s choice.  for interactive tours that feature visits with amish community members, consider joining in one of our vip (visit-in-person) tours, or enjoy a delicious, authentic meal in an amish home on our meal-in-home experience, or explore some quality shopping opportunities on the amish artisan tour.  reservations for 2025 are now available.  no added fees for our online reservations!  book with confidence and flexibility as all reservations can be changed or cancelled without penalty and are fully refundable up 24 hours prior to the start of your activity.  reservations are not required.  you can also choose to simply walk in and get tickets for the next available tour.










theater
join jacob fisher and the rest of his fictional amish family to discover what it means to be amish in the compelling five-screen, special-effect film, “jacob’s choice.” learn more…








amish house & school tour
tour the amish country homestead & one-room school for a guided look at how lancaster’s amish of today live at home. discover life without electricity, plain dress, and one-room school education. learn more…








amish farmlands tour
explore back country roads through amish farmland with expert local guides.  ride in comfort onboard our climate-controlled 14 passenger minibuses for a 90 minute guided tour.learn more…










amish vip (visit-in-person) tour
visit three authentic amish farms not normally open to visitors.  go inside an amish dairy farm at milking time, discover how amish who don’t farm make a living running small businesses, and sit down in an amish home to ask questions first-hand. learn more…








meal in an amish home experience
join us for an authentic amish-made meal, served in an amish home.  this experience starts with a backroads journey on our 14 passenger bus, as our guide sets the stage for the bountiful meal.  roundtrip, narrated transportation, and the meal is included. learn more…








amish artisan tour
explore the craftsmanship of local amish artisans with this popular shopping adventure.  our expert local guide takes you on a backroads adventure to find three out of the way amish shops. learn more…






 







 


 


 



the amish experience
 
 





facebook


© 2025 amish experience. all rights reserved. website by forte creative
  

 
 
 














