





















durham, nc things to do, hotels, events, dining & vacation guide




































skip to content










			0
		

			saved
		





				32°f
							









search


search term



search


















discover




















                
                things to do
            






                
                events
            






                
                food & drink
            






                
                hotels & inns
            






                
                culture & community
            






                
                travel resources
            






                
                blog
            







                
                meeting planners
            




                
                plan your event
            









facebook







instagram







twitter







youtube







tripadvisor




















            loading your recommendations…
        














							pictured:
						


								downtown durham
							







32°f

scattered clouds














welcome to durham, nc
    
        

ever-changing. never changing.
 

durham is a historical haven, a sanctuary for the spectacular, and a rough-cut gem waiting to be unearthed. durham’s been a destination on the move for more than 150 years. perhaps it’s time you discovered it too.
maybe you’ve heard about our celebrated food scene, top-notch universities or buzzing startup culture. there’s just something about this place. it transcends categories. durham has something intangible, inspiring and absolutely alluring. 
before our sidewalks were lined with award-winning eateries, they were traversed by our first generation of industrious entrepreneurs. seeds of equality and justice were planted here long ago, and they have blossomed into a colorful community where murals tell our proud story of inclusivity. we are where inspiration is found, where all are welcome and where the wild, wonderful, bold and beautiful come together in unexpected ways.
want in? come discover durham.
 


    the durham way 
    









do it where local thrives

when you experience local, the food tastes bolder, the art is more inspiring, the shops are more lovingly curated, the drinks are more inventive, the entertainment is more moving, the people are more passionate. see how durham’s small business pride makes it an unforgettable place to visit.


                        plan your visit
                    








download the discover durham mobile app

from the best restaurants and bars to upcoming festivals and events, explore everything durham has to offer through digital guides, curated itineraries and expert recommendations on what to do and where to go next.
visit the app store or follow the link to get the discover durham app.ios | android








love local. love durham.

love is an act. durham's small businesses are the heartbeat of the city. the builders and keepers of our culture. the love durham campaign is designed to inspire your love of all the things that makes our city unlike any other. more than 150 small businesses and top attractions have joined to offer interactive activations, deals and discounts, special menu items and more, inspiring you to experience more of durham and share your love for the bull city. 


                        learn more
                    



 
the new york times made an itinerary for a weekend in durham. preview all the spots – 










11 can't-miss things to do in durham this winter

durham's relatively temperate winters and amazing food, entertainment and art scenes make the season a low-key winner for a visit to durham. instead of hiding out under your covers waiting for the warm weather to return, put on those boots with the fur and head to the bull city for an unforgettable wintertime adventure.


                        read more
                    








durham visitor guide

we are barbecue and biscuits, locally sourced small plates and craft cocktails. we’re a gritty tobacco-grown town that’s evolved into the city of medicine. we’re activists, scholars, artists, and entrepreneurs. we’re always moving, creating, and blazing a new trail — you’ll feel that energy when you get here.with our visitor guide, we invite you to dive in.


                        learn more
                    








support durham's black-owned businesses

the durham community supports black-owned businesses. period. here is a robust list of over 200 brick-and-mortar spots, entrepreneurial endeavors, and the next generation of black business owners based in our community.


                        learn more
                    





    recent stories 
    









								
						love durham challenge

     				
														blog
										
						

read this







								
						reasons to love durham

     				
														things to do
										
						

read this







								
						hottest new restaurants in durham – winter 2025 update

     				
								discover durham
					

learn more







								
						a guide to bars & nightlife in durham

     				
														blog
										
						

read this







								
						11 durham hotels for your next group gathering

     				
														meetings
										
						

read this







								
						downtown durham walking tour

     				
														things to do
										
						

read this

















facebook







instagram







twitter







youtube







tripadvisor











 

get free official visitor guides & maps
sign up now














                
                media
            




                
                blog
            




                
                about
            




                
                partners
            




                
                relocation
            




                
                subscribe
            




                
                discover durham jobs
            




                
                feedback
            




                
                privacy policy
            


sitemap










					212
					west main street, city center
				

					durham,
					north carolina
					27701
				


				(919) 687-0288
			














