



double glazing, replacement windows uk, upvc windows, double glazed windows















replacement windows, upvc double glazing, conservatories uk, patio doors, low e glass, secondary glazing



















 

 




 home

 







    please choose a product 
    
select here
pvcu windows
sliding sash windows
energy saving windows
hardwood windows
aluminium windows
porches
window gallery 

 





 please select one of the options and save up to 65% off the cost of new replacement windows 











double glazing


home


buyers tips


double glazing guide

 

















top design tips



brochure request   




quotation request   




make appointment  


top 10 faqs


condensation


styles gallery


free zero stress guide



quotation request (usa)  




building regulations


document l


fensa update


fensa notes


more on building regs


part l compliance



scotland part j



products


pvc-u windows


hardwood windows


aluminium windows


security


secondary glazing


sliding sash windows


energy saving windows


period homes sash



porches



commercial glazing


types of glass


introduction


pilkington k glass


self cleaning glass


warm-a-glass


safety glass


patterned glass


stained glass


extras


"u" values/insulation


removing scratches


sound reduction


window suppliers



double glazing windows   



suppliers - add a site



replacement windows   



conservatories


conservatories


conservatory tips


top 10 faq's


conservatory brochure


conservatory quotation


conservatory blinds


blinds brochure


conservatory furniture


furniture brochure


conservatory flooring


conservatory suppliers



conservatory suppliers   



submit your website


sunroom suppliers usa    


sunroom suppliers canada 


garage doors uk


garage doors


security shutters


security gates


patio awnings


introduction


awnings brochure


fascias, soffits & cladding


introduction


the benefits


fascias brochure


plantation shutters


plantation shutters


shutter suppliers


windows usa | canada


vinyl replacement windows


suppliers links


buyers tips - usa


submit your website


more tips/advice


more information


home security systems


screenline window blinds


mold on windows


ask an expert


buyers guide


selecting a builder/contractor


network veka



double glazing repairs


maintenance tips


windows - add a site


conservatory - add a site


downloads


newsletter


about us


contact us


links


site map


 










 







the best deals on replacement windows 
    for your home

    benefit from up to 65% off double glazing, upvc replacement double glazed windows, pvcu & hardwood doors, porches, sliding sash windows, garage doors, conservatories and secondary glazing. for all your window & door requirements, whatever the material!













online help, tips and advice on double glazed pvc-u, aluminium, and hardwood windows and doors. 
request brochures and quotes for double glazing replacement windows, pvcu patio doors, garage doors, sliding sash timber windows, secondary glazing, double glazed french doors, upvc fascias, soffits, guttering & porches.

              here are just a few of our features......









 free double glazing quotes
  submit your details here and receive up to three competitive quotations from
      local suppliers.      
      save up to 65% off 
[request double glazing quote]
 brochure request service
  get brochures on windows, doors, porches and conservatories here. upvc, hardwood & aluminium.
[get a free window and door brochure]


  conservatories
  we have many tips and suggestions for "adding space and light to your
  home". you can also source both uk and north american suppliers of conservatories,
  sunrooms, conservatory blinds and accessories here.
[read more about conservatories]
 fascias, soffits & cladding
save money on painting your home, or repairing / replacing rotting fascias
/ soffits. replace your fascias, soffits, barge board, guttering with low maintenance
pvc-u building products.
[read more on fascias, soffits, guttering]


 expert reviews
  on all the product options: - inc  window and door styles plus  glass and  security 
  options. buy the best product your money can buy.
[read
                              more...]
 garage doors & security gates
  review of cordula garage doors, security shutters and security gates. quality
      high security products for uk homes.
[more about garage doors and security shutters]


 patio awnings
imagine how wonderful it would be to spend more time enjoying your garden
- adding extra living space to your home and creating the perfect environment
for outdoor entertaining all year round. with an awning you can!
[more on garden and patio awnings]
 secondary
      glazing
internal secondary double glazing can be a cost effective solution if the
main window is essentially sound and in good condition but there is a requirement
to improve thermal and / or noise insulation.
[secondary glazing information]


 find a double glazing supplier
  links to the best web sites on the web featuring replacement windows, double
      glazing and conservatories.
[double glazing suppliers]
 sliding sash windows, box sash
upvc and hardwood sliding sash windows. information on replacement wertical
sliding sash windows for decaying box sash style windows
[sliding sash and box sash windows information]


 double glazing repairs
has your supplier gone bust or are you out of guarantee? we can help. find service
    engineers and suppliers of replacements locks, sealed units local to you.
[double glazing repairs]
 wooden shutters, internal shutters
internal wooden shutters, plantation shutters, timber shutters, interior shutters
    - the alternative window dressing for your new windows.
[more on wooden shutters, plantation shutters]



the above is just a few of our many features. please explore our site - we feel you will find out a lot of useful information related to buying replacement windows, conservatories and double-glazing.

  also please note we have many additional features being added to the site daily. so please check back often. in the meantime if you would like to give us some feedback or make suggestions for the site please contact
    us.


    we look forward to serving you.



looking for uk suppliers of double-glazing, replacement windows, conservatories? - follow these links to our suppliers directory
england - south east  (including bedfordshire, berkshire, buckinghamshire, channel islands, essex, hampshire, hertfordshire, kent, london, middlesex, oxfordshire, surrey, sussex)

england - south west (including bristol, cornwall, devon, dorset, somerset, wiltshire)

england - east anglia (including   cambridgeshire, norfolk, suffolk)

england - midlands (including birmingham, derbyshire, gloucestershire, herefordshire, leicestershire, lincolnshire, northamptonshire, nottinghamshire, shropshire, staffordshire, warwickshire, worcestershire)

england - north east (including durham, northumberland,   tyne & wear,   north, east, south,
        & west yorkshire)

england - north west (including cheshire, cumbria, lancashire)

scotland (including aberdeenshire, angus, central, dumfries
        & galloway, fife, highlands & islands, perth & kinross, scottish borders)

wales (including central, north, south)

ireland (northern & southern) (including antrim, belfast, cork, dublin, galway, sligo, tyrone)






new
              article: plantation shutters and colonial shutters: information
              on custom-made interior wooden slatted shutters - the stylish alternative
      to window blinds / curtains. 
      [read more on plantation and colonial shutters]

external condensation on double glazed replacement windows: a small number
      of homeowners experience is “external condensation” on the
      outside of their new double glazed windows and doors. this is often after
      the homeowner has installed low emissivity glass (low e glass), which reflects
      heat back into the room.
      [read more on condensation with double glazed windows] 





new - featured questions / discussion from ask-questions.com:  ask questions about conservatories, double glazing replacement windows, kitchens, bathrooms and all types of home improvements. check out the links below





>> my parents have recently had replacement windows with k glass fitted throughout the house and have noticed that scratches are present on a lot of the panes.  some are on the inside of the double glazed unit and others on the outside. i want to know if this is normal of k glass
      
      [read more on glazed units with k glass]

>> i am presently having a conservatory installed.  the glass was specified as 28mm pilkington 'k' glass, but when the panels arrived they had labels on them stating that they were 'regency tuffglass'  further research on my part showed that the glass had been provided by glaverbel and that it was 'planibel g'  i have been told by the conservatory company that this product is just as good and that there is no difference in cost.  is this true?
  [read more on this glass issue for the conservatory]

>> u values - could you explain the formula given (w/m²k) [read more on u values]

>> rip curtains, long live shutters! curtains have been increasingly under
siege now for many years – and it’s not hard to see why. for hundreds
of years they were a great idea – indeed the best, if not only idea – for
dressing windows, retaining warmth and maintaining privacy. but times have changed
and 21st century alternatives leave curtains in the shade. [read more on window shutters]

>> we had a sealed double glazed unit replaced because of condensation and were horrified by
how easy it was to remove it from the outside. it took less than 10 minutes and
there was hardly any noise! i have nothing in writing from the double glazing company
that states their external beading is secure. we are not stupid people so i can
only assume they stated this verbally when quoting for the work but now we have
no proof! 
has anyone experienced a similar situation? does anyone have advice for what
we can do? 

[read more on replacement window issues]

>> i've recently had double glazing fitted and on two of the windows the condensation almost runs like a river.  i thought that with double glazing windows, and air in between sealed panes, condensation should not happen.  can someone please advise as i believe these upvc double glazing windows were not fitted properly. 
[read more on condensation issues with double glazing]

>> i am interested to learn of the regulatory position regarding double glazing windows in a
domestic refurbishment setting. to be more precise, is it possible to reglaze
and overhaul existing single pane wooden frames without breaching the regulations
and would a specific type of glass have to be used for the purpose? [read more on refurbishing wooden windows]

>> for home owners requiring information on gaskets / seals for double glazed windows 
[read more on gaskets and seals for double glazing windows]



click here for details of special seasonal offers on replacement windows, double glazing and conservatories






















 




site
      sponsors - please support - thank you


thomas
                    sanderson

anglian
                            home 
                            improvements



investor relations ~ disclaimer
privacy notice
attention all editors and journalists - click here

for brochures and quotation requests only
  please call us on 01603 899910

for contractors that would like to register with quotatis, and for any other enquiries - please telephone: 01603 298150

  copyright © 1999 - 2011 quotatis ltd. all rights reserved.



copyright notice.
this web site including its source code is subject to the protection of the copyright laws of the united kingdom and other countries. copyright in the whole and every part of this service belongs to quotatis ltd and may not be used, sold, licensed, transferred, copied or reproduced in whole or in part in any manner or form or in or on any media to any person other than in accordance with the terms of the owner's agreement or otherwise without the prior written consent of the owner. please
                  note: some of the images on this site do not belong to us. we are using them with permission. you must not copy or link directly to them without permission.











quotatis ltd - specialists in providing web design and marketing advice for companies supplying home improvements.

              in particular we work with companies who are suppliers of conservatories, conservatory
              blinds, conservatory roof systems, swimming pool enclosures, double-glazing,
              diy plastics, casement & sash replacement windows and sunrooms.

              contact us today for help with your web design and promotion - tel: 01603 298150 (international: +44 1603 899910).

we work with companies in the uk, (england, scotland, wales,
                n ireland) eire, usa, canada, australia and new zealand, offering a wide range
                of products such as tilt and turn, casement and sash windows, materials such
                as upvc / pvcu, wood and aluminium.



windowstoday.co.uk -
        providing you with information, advice and window quote requests. 


please note: all calls may be recorded or monitored for quality and training purposes. 
quotatis uk
        suite 1, joseph king house, abbey farm commercial park, horsham st faith, norwich, norfolk, nr10 3ju
        tel: 01603 899910
        registered in england 05643725 
please click here to contact us

 












