





best st. louis mo alton il bed & breakfast hotel – beall mansion





















































	check - in:  
 
									
                                   	  check-out:  

								
								   	  rate:
                                 
                                           	
best available rates
extended stay
corporate
government federal
government il
 
                                 
                                 
                                 
									    

 


 
 




407 e. 12th st, alton, il 62002 | (st. louis, mo area)   (618) 474-9100 or 1-866-the-beall







toggle navigation




home 
stay

    leisure lodging deals "—best available rates" 

  package deals  

 guest rooms & suites
 send a hint

extended stay hotel deals
business lodging
government lodging


weddings & events

weddings & receptions "—best stl area wedding venue"

wedding faqs 

menus
options & upgrades

other events


spa

the spa experience"—relax, refresh, rejuvenate"

spa packages
individual spa services
room &  spa getaway package deals


about

about the beall mansion
breakfast is served
meet the innkeepers
history
faq


things to do

things to do"—fun, fun, fun"

attractions
entertainment
restaurants & wineries
sports & recreation
shopping

event calendar


videos 
tours 
gift certificates 



 



expect excellence—travel with confidence! 
covid-19 updates: temporary  changes in services & amenities. 
view now >>>







 
  

events

eagle watching season is here!

come! experience the largest congregation of american bald eagles outside alaska.

more details...


visit our blog for more events!




best st. louis area alton, il 
  boutique b&b hotel
... not your typical hotel, motel stay
 best bed & breakfast  boutique hotel | wedding & reception venue | corporate meetings & retreats | mansion museum tours

if you book a room at the opulent beall mansion be prepared for an experience like no other. even five-star hotels in the best cities can't compete . . .—the daily journal 
simply the best 
        alton, il boutique
        b&b hotel
you are smart and good looking:
q. what is the best st. louis  area alton, il    place to stay? 
a. the surprisingly affordable accommodations of the award-winning beall mansion an elegant bed & breakfast inn. 
 
view videos
 if a picture is worth a thousand words—a video is worth a million. 
click or tap the video below and see for yourself why everybody is saying, “it's better at the beall.” view more >>>
 
 












 
 
popular features at a glance
      "escape the ordinary"
    
 
 
whirlpools "jacuzzis"


fireplace suites

 
free wi-fi


breakfast


smoke-free


package deals


  







 
 
don't  settle for just a place to stay ... 
		  treat yourself to an experience! 

why settle for just another boring place to stay? a getaway to the historic beall mansion is an experience like no other—"the place    where memories are made." 
priceless! 
 
 

elegant 
        boutique lodging at it's best
 
  experience pampering as it was meant to be, whirlpool "jacuzzi" and fireplace rooms. fine artwork and antiques. free wi-fi. hdtv. smoke-free. 
view details »



chocolate, chocolate, chocolate 
        buffet
 
 experience decadence. satisfy your every chocolate craving with 21 or more different   “all you can eat”  chocolates—24 hours a day. yummy!
view details »



in-room spa services
  
 experience  relaxation as never before. treat yourself to a decadent array of massage & spa services—in the privacy of your guest room. de-stress. rejuvenate. enjoy! 
view details »



wedding & event venue
  
 experience the  wedding  day of your dreams. with its 12 ft. ceilings, crystal chandeliers, and marble and bronze statuary—no other  wedding venue can compare. 
view details »









 
the perfect location
   alton, il great rivers & routes—st. louis, mo  area 

book the "hotel" that's the authentic epicenter of your destination and close to everything that matters.
the beall mansion is perfectly located in the st. louis, mo great rivers & routes area—12 blocks from the mississippi river, on “millionaire's row”, in the  middletown historic district of alton, il. 
alton, il great rivers & routes  

0.9 mile from sugar alley—alton, il restaurant and entertainment district
1.3 mile from  the  mississippi river,  alton marina, world famous clark bridge
1.4 mile from  fast eddie's bon air—closest hotel to fast eddie's
3.2 miles from aln alton amtrak station
8.5 miles from aln st. louis regional airport, bethalto, il
12.3 miles from elsah, il
16 miles from grafton, il and "grafton wine country's" 5 wineries
23 miles from world wide technology raceway

st. louis, mo

6 miles from st. louis county, mo
21 miles from stl st. louis lambert int'l airport 
23 miles from downtown st. louis mo, the gateway arch, and busch stadium

also nearby

90 minutes from springfield, il
2.3 hours  from terre haute, in
3.5 hours from kansas city, mo
4.5 hours from chicago, il
 the 1/2 way   stop-over point between chicago, il and branson, mo

 
meet the innkeepers


welcome!
my wife, sandy, and i are the  owners, operators, and   caretakers of the  historic beall mansion an elegant bed & breakfast inn as well as the neighboring george street suites extended stay hotel | corporate temporary housing | vacation rental | guest house. 
our passions include . . . read more >>> 
 
 









 





  back to top


  
  
      
  
      
  
      
  
       
  
        
  
  
   
    
  
       
  
      
  
    

     
  
 
  
    





map & directions
 
additional information
directions & transportation  | policies | travel agents | donation request 
accessibility statement  |    employment
 




join our mailing list
 e-mail:
    
     


 
contact us


beall mansion an elegant bed & breakfast inn

address:
407 e. 12th st. alton, il 62002


phone:
618-474-9100


e-mail:
bepampered@beallmansion.com










 




© 1998-2025, the beall mansion an elegant bed & breakfast inn 









