








union realty | homes & land for sale blairsville georgia

















































(706) 745-2188
unionr@unionrealty.com
 

our location
  
 
 










home
about us
our agents
local resources
ga properties

search by location
search by address
search by mls #


nc properties

search by location
search by address
search by mls #


our listings
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 











 



 
 
 
 






welcome to union realty
located in scenic blairsville, georgia, we are a family of realtors dedicated to helping union county achieve its goal of being the mountain destination! always locally owned, union realty has remained in the same location, we are serving the families of buyers and sellers well into their 3rd generation.  we are the oldest active real estate company in blairsville.
we live and work here giving us first-hand knowledge of these areas.  our families are part of the communities.  many of us were born and raised here, while others came to the mountains to enjoy a simpler way of life and have remained for decades. whether you are a life-long resident looking to buy or sell a home or you are coming into the area for the first time, our family at union realty will help you achieve your families goals and needs. 
search our site, our blog and discover all northeast georgia and western north carolina have to offer, from hiking and seasonal festivals, to parades, picnics in the park and delicious southern cooking.  use our contact request form to find out the value of your existing home or learn more about a property you are interested in. please call 706-745-2188 or email unionr@unionrealty.com and let us help you get started today.
our carolina connection
with over 30 years of n.c. sales, the carolina connection is union realty’s exciting group of agents providing local knowledge from experts raised in north carolina and intimate with the nooks, crannies, lore, and legends of this small piece of the mountains they call home. each group member stands eager and ready to introduce you to the wonders of this mountain sanctuary as only a native can. let us help you sell that mountain home or make sure you see our mountain areas and all there is to offer in the current environment.
click here to search the north carolina mls >
 
 



 
 


                             
 
 
 
  


 
 
 



 

  our location 10 earnest street
blairsville, ga 30512
click here to find us on google maps

  contact us (706) 745-2188
unionr@unionrealty.com
    
 


© 2025 union realty. all rights reserved.  

 
 
 
 









