







hand in hand international adoptions






































































































              how to adopt
            

              services
            

              about us
            

              donate
            

              get started
            



































































how to adoptservicesabout usdonateget started


















scroll






 

change a life.established in 1974, hand in hand is a full-service international adoption agency. we have placed nearly 10,000 children with loving families in the united states because we believe every child deserves a place to call home and a family of their own. hand in hand is hague-accredited by the intercountry adoption accreditation and maintenance entity (iaame). welcome to the beginning of your adoption journey!




    learn how to adopt
  

  







  


“our little girl has brought us so much joy and she has made our family complete!  thank you hand in hand.  we will never forget the important role you’ve played in our lives.”

— the sevillena family

  




  

countries we servehand in hand has accredited programs in the countries listed below. in addition, we can assist you by providing local training, home studies and post-placement services if you are interested in other countries. talk to us to find out more!



haitihong kong



brazilbulgaria




    our services
  

 



















news & events
click here to see the latest hand in hand news and learn about upcoming events!








 

contact uswe are so excited to help you build your family through international adoption. please fill out the form below and we will be in touch shortly.










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              in which us state do you reside?
              
                *





              email
              
                *





              phone number
              
                *





              how may we help?
              
                *







thank you!




 









how to adopt



home testimonial



divider



news & events



contact form














resourcesadopting can be overwhelming. hand in hand is here to help.

 

general infoour services﻿how to adoptcountries we serve﻿



 our teamfaq



programsbrazilbulgariachinahaiti



 hong kongphilippinesukraine



take actioncontact hand in handdonate﻿



 

©2020 hand in hand international adoptions, inc.     follow us on facebook

 

















