




 






home |































 










skip to content













 



 



 



 



 

















 







menu



 







home 
team 
programs able 
hope 
ladies prayer international 
more to life 
mothers memorial 
pure 
reflections 
royal circle 
today’s christian girl 
women of worth 
program newsletters 

resources promotional flyers downloads 
promotional videos downloads 
products 
calendar 

donate donate now 
able 
today’s christian girl 
leaving a legacy 
worldwide ministerial training 

legacy of faith 
president login 
contact 
 



close menu
















 


•


•


•



←
→














apostolic ladies for the kingdom of god 

 
















 




    royal circle donor reward program    





                                                apply now                                        


























 





 



 





 



 





 



 





 



 









 



 





 



 





 



 





 



 



















 







 



 







 



 







 







 







 







 







 



 








 





                                                            mothers memorial crowned                                                    


  





                                                            2024 global missions thanks                                                    


  





                                                            2024 north american missionsthanks                                                    


  





                                                            royal circle                                                    


  





                                                            spanish 2023 mothers memorial                                                     


 

















 





                                                            mothers memorial 2025 withholding nothing                                                    


  





                                                            2022 global missions thanks                                                     


  





                                                            royal circle                                                    


  


thank you from global missions



 






 








 



our team 
the mission of ladies ministries is to equip and mobilize apostolic ladies of the world for service in the kingdom of god; to maintain a spirit of cooperation with the various ministries of the organization; to preserve apostolic doctrine; and to maintain and transmit the heritage of the past to the present and future generations through teaching and by example. 





                                                meet the team                                        













 










our team 
the mission of ladies ministries is to equip and mobilize apostolic ladies of the world for service in the kingdom of god; to maintain a spirit of cooperation with the various ministries of the organization; to preserve apostolic doctrine; and to maintain and transmit the heritage of the past to the present and future generations through teaching and by example. 





                                                meet the team                                        




















 



legacy of faith 
ladies ministries in the past few years has chosen to honor a lady of our fellowship who has stood out as a leader in ministry. some of these ladies have gone on to their eternal reward while others remain with us, some perhaps elderly, but still influencing and blessing the work of god. we are sharing an abbreviated biography of their lives for your perusal. we love and appreciate those who have walked before us and left a legacy of integrity and godliness. 





                                                honorary member page                                        
























legacy of faith 
ladies ministries in the past few years has chosen to honor a lady of our fellowship who has stood out as a leader in ministry. some of these ladies have gone on to their eternal reward while others remain with us, some perhaps elderly, but still influencing and blessing the work of god. we are sharing an abbreviated biography of their lives for your perusal. we love and appreciate those who have walked before us and left a legacy of integrity and godliness. 





                                                honorary member page                                        












sign up to receive one of our newsletters 

 





                                                sign up now                                        







 



get in touch 
email: ladies@upci.org
phone: (636) 229-7895
address: 36 research park court, weldon spring, mo 63304 

 





	notice: javascript is required for this content.









 



 











back to top



 








copyright [year] upci ladies ministries
designed by | faithworks image consulting 










 



 



 



 



 

 

 it is exciting to know that god included a place in the body for women and that we have been given freedom to work in the various missions and ministries for which we have a burden.

 







 

 

















































 

