








home - callier center for communication disorders






























































skip to content




the university of texas at dallas  
patient portal 
events 
give now          



search
close
addresslocations
contact
menu
close


 about callier


about
why callier?vision and mission60 years of caringcallier landscape in numbers

stories, events & news
creating the ability to connectmeet our patientscallier impact reportupcoming events

team 
leadershipboard of trusteeschild development personnelaudiologistsspeech-language pathologists


academic facultyresearchers and laboratoriesdevelopment team
eventsgive now           

our vision: to be the national leader for treatment, training and research in communication disorders. 
explore callier 

 evaluation & treatment


speech & language services
adult programs & services﻿pediatric programs & services﻿speech & language faqspeech & language resources
autism spectrum disorders services
adult programs & servicespediatric programs & servicesautism spectrum disorder faqautism spectrum disorder resources

hearing & balance services
adult hearing evaluationspediatric hearing evaluationsadult hearing aidspediatric hearing aidstinnitusbalance & vestibular treatmentpediatric balancehearing conservation servicesmusician serviceshearing & balance faqhearing resources

cochlear implant services
pediatric cochlear implant servicespediatric candidacy evaluationspediatric follow-up servicescochlear implant faqcochlear implant resources

resources
callier-azusa scalepractice policies

meet our team
audiologistsspeech-language pathologists

summer camps

explore evaluations & treatments  

 child development


program overview
program overviewtuition and feesapplicationfaq
deaf educationparent’s associationparent handbooknutrition program

gallery
gallery overviewinfanttoddlerpreschooler

meet our team
child development personnel
calendar employment

  child development services only for utsw and utd faculty and staff. 
all deaf education students are enrolled through the dallas independent school district
explore child development 

 academics














student fellowships
student fellowships at the callier center
current and past recipients of callier fellowships
academic resources
faculty
callier library


explore programs  

 research




















explore research  

          giving


your impact
creating the ability to connectmeet our patientscallier impact reportkeep in touch with callier

callier family care campaign
investing in the callier familytreatment: investing in patients & clinicianstraining: investing in studentsresearch: investing in researcherscase for support

ways to give
give nowmake a recurring giftother ways to givebecome a callier ambassador
grateful patient program
grateful patient program overviewgive in honor

callier cares luncheon
about the callier cares luncheonhost committeeruth & ken altshuler callier care awardcampbell callier prize

meet our team
development teamschedule a meeting
foundation for the callier center
about the foundationboard of trustees

explore giving 

 contact us
search results for: 




search results for: 




transforming the lives
					of those with communication disorders


					our vision & mission  



about callier
 
for more than half a century, the callier center for communication disorders has transformed the lives of children and adults with speech, language and hearing disorders.
explore callier



evaluation & treatment
 
our experienced clinical staff work closely with children and adults to identify and evaluate communication disorders in order to develop customized treatment plans to strengthen their communication skills.
visit program



child development
 
our program provides active and nurturing learning environments for infants through kindergarten age children.
visit program



academics
 
our school of behavioral and brain sciences provides speech-language pathology and audiology students with the qualifications they need in their professional careers.
visit program



research
 
our research is focused on helping every person communicate and connect with others. through state-of-the-art laboratories, our faculty, students and clinicians conduct research into the cause, prevention, assessment and treatment of communication disorders.
visit program



giving
          
when you give to us, you give a child a voice. you transform a life. you help patients connect with the world.
visit program





events


the university of texas at dallas slp master of science open house
nov 22, 2024
click to continue





2024 north texas cochlear implant symposium
may 3, 2024
click to continue





summer intensive auditory revitalization conference (siarc)
july 21-25, 2024
click to continue






welcome to the callier center
communication is the foundation of strong, meaningful relationships: to hear and be heard, to understand and be understood.
for more than half a century, the callier center for communication disorders has transformed the lives of children and adults with speech, language and hearing disorders.  we help them to communicate, and thus, attain meaningful relationships at home, at school, at work and in the community.
callier is one of a select few communication disorders centers in the nation that combine clinical care, graduate student training and research within one institution. our comprehensive approach to care through treatment, training and research allows us to serve our patients at the highest level. collaboration and focus on these three pursuits allow the callier team to transcend the norm while ensuring the best outcomes for people with communication disorders.
why callier? 






view our campaign


s
			creating the ability to connect


through giving
“i am humbled by the outpouring of generosity from callier cares champions who care deeply about ensuring that children and adults in need receive the ability to hear and speak.”  
— libby hunt, inaugural callier cares luncheon chairman
learn more




through treatment
“through our partnership with callier, chandlerspeaks is a financial bridge to help children like chandler receive the ability to communicate and connect.”  
–– bryce moen, chandlerspeaks founder and president
learn more




through training
“our partnership with ut dallas is highly valued by teachers, administrators and parents alike, and it has made a tremendous difference in the lives of the children that we serve together.” 
–– blanca rojo, principal of obadiah knight elementary school, disd
learn more




through research
“i want to help kids get cochlear implants, develop social skills and have better self-esteem, so they can reach their potential academically and socially.”
— beth anis ms’91
learn more




through hope
“we want to shine a light on early intervention for children with autism. our hope is that we can make an impact through callier’s autism program and encourage other folks to do the same.”
— mrs. rosemarie and dr. maynard ewton jr.
learn more




callier highlights


meet our patients
click to continue




explore our research
click to continue




discover upcoming events
click to continue




 





campus locations
dallas campus
 address1966 inwood roaddallas, texas 75235
hourshours: mon-fri: 7:30am-5:00pm

 appointments:  (972) 883-3000


richardson campus
 address2895 facilities wayrichardson, texas 75080
hourshours: mon-fri: 7:30am-5:00pm

 appointments:  (972) 883-3660



follow us
facebook
flickr
youtube
linkedin


subscribe to our newsletter



navigate
home
about callier
evaluation & treatment
child development program
academics program
research
giving
contact us
 


copyright © 2025 callier center for communication disorders. all rights reserved.
privacy policy
sitemap
hipaa privacy manual
notice of privacy practices
 

callier center for communication disorders school of behavioral and brain sciences the university of texas at dallas





 
varies
callier center for communication disorders | 1966 inwood rd dallas,  tx  75235  | 
   office: (972) 883-3030







