



sd department of education


































 



        a-z index      
contact us 























































































quick links
     accreditation
     certification
     content standards
     data center
     employment
     events/pd
     finance/management

      report card
      school directory






hot topics

feb. 18, 2025

apply now for 2025 workforce education grants

award amounts can be up to $225,000 and require a one-to-one match. grant applications must be electronically submitted by 10 a.m. (mt) on march 28. awards will be announced by april 25.



feb. 13, 2025

aberdeen educator dan gallagher becomes nation's next milken educator

south dakota secretary of education dr. joseph graves joins milken family foundation's jennifer fuller to present "oscar of teaching"



feb. 10, 2025

prepare now to celebrate week of work

 school leaders should make plans now to celebrate the south dakota week of work, april 7-11. this week is the perfect time to host interactive opportunities connecting your students with local businesses. it's also a time to publicly celebrate the great things your school does for work-based learning throughout the entire year. 



jan. 30, 2025

nation's report card released: south dakota performing well compared to nation

 students in south dakota outperformed the national average in 8th grade reading and math, as well as in 4th grade math; 4th grade reading scores were equal to the national average.



jan. 27, 2025

brandon valley earns recognition for school food program
congratulations to the brandon valley school district on their recent healthy meals incentives recognition award for lunch trailblazer! the trailblazer award series highlights school food authorities making gradual changes in school menus to be consistent with the dietary guidelines for americans, specifically for reducing sodium in school lunch and added sugars in school breakfast. 



see complete list of news for hot topics























related sites 
educator 411
k-12 data center
indian education
sdmylife 
sd state library
state historical society
south dakota center for virtual education


notices
boards and commissions
notice of accessibility
notice of nondiscrimination
online disclaimer and limitation of liability
press releases


state government
administrative rule 
codified laws
open sd 
state government jobs 
state homepage


contact us
south dakota department of education
						800 governors dr., pierre, sd 
(605) 773-3134
 contact us


   
   
  
   









south dakota department of education | request public records | accessibility policy | disclaimer | privacy policy



















