


zackdaddy.com (home) - where smart people come to get stupid!






















"funny how?"
relax'n saturday edition



radio broadcast


home
photo album
link up
feedback

make contact







quotes:
my mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.jack nicholson
women need a reason to have sex. men just need a place.billy crystal
sex is one of the most wholesome, beautiful and natural experiences money can buy.steve martin
it isn't premarital sex if you have no intention of getting married.george burns
i don't have a girlfriend, i just know a girl that would get really pissed if she heard me say that.mitch hedburg
you cannot outthink someone who isn't thinking.albert einstein
in a world gone mad, only a lunatic is truly insane.homer simpson
it's better to be pissed off, then pissed on!annonymous
he couldn't make me laugh, even if i was laughing my ass off and he was the one making me do it!family guy
even a fish could stay out of trouble if it kept it's mouth shut!annonymous
a good friend will help you move. a really good friend will help you move a body!annonymous
last week my tie caught on fire.  some guy tried to put it out with an ax!rodney dangerfield
i hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me.hunter s. thompson
is it possible to see something so funny, that it ruins your sense of humor forever?eric cartman
everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else.will rogers
once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy.albert einstein
i just thought of something funny...your mother.cheech marin
when did i realize i was god? well, i was praying and i suddenly realized i was talking to myself.peter o'toole.
who the [heck] wants to hear actors talk?h.m. warner, warner brothers, 1927
all i need to make comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl.charlie chaplin
i've been accused of vulgarity. i say that's bullshit.mel brooks
you're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.joe e lewis
i can resist everything except temptation.oscar wilde
computers are useless. they can only give you answers.pablo picasso
unix is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity.dennis ritchie
drinking for an entertainer is like stretching for an athlete.mitch hedberg
there are no good ways to die.chick mcgee
if you die, and you're in debt, you win.ben creed
if you can't spot the sucker at your table in the first thirty minutes, you are the sucker.matt damon, rounders
total absence of humor renders life impossible.colette
you can go along way with a smile. you can go a lot farther with a smile and a gun.al capone
tragedy is when i cut my finger. comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die.mel brooks
i'm desperately trying to figure out why kamikaze pilots wore helmets.dave edison
there is one thing i would break up over and that is if she caught me with another woman. i wouldn't stand for that.steve martin
maybe there is no actual place called hell. maybe hell is just having to listen to our grandparents breathe through their noses when they're eating sandwiches.jim carrey
have you ever noticed? anybody going slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac.george carlin
if we couldn't laugh we would all go insane!jimmy buffet
if you dedicate yourself to learning about your subject for 15 minutes a day, in a year's time you'll be an expert. in five years, you'll be a national expert. the only hard part is choosing your subject.albert einstein







 



paint it black
let there be white
			 ö sign in / register

february 15, 2025






hide greeting
show greeting

greetings screamers & laughers!

thank you for wasting your valuable time here. i serve fresh jokes and sites daily and great new pics and clips weekly for you to enjoy. i am 
constantly searching the web for the funniest & most worthless crap out there, so you don't have to. please feel free to use the links below to submit your own stuff to me. thanks for droppin by!







oke of the daya company had a vast scrap yard in the middle of a desert. management said, "someone might steal from it at night." so they created a night watchman position and hired a person for the job.

then management said, "how does the watchman do his job without instruction?" so they created a planning department and hired two people: one person to write the instructions and one person to do time studies.

then management said, "how will we know the night watchman is doing his tasks correctly?" so they created a quality control department and hired two people: one to do the studies and one to write the reports.

then management said, "how are all these people going to get paid?" so they created positions for a timekeeper and a payroll officer, and hired two more people to fill them.

then management said, "who will be accountable for all of these people?" so they created an administrative section and hired three people: an administrative officer, assistant administrative officer, and a legal secretary.

then management said, "we've had this command in operation for one year now and we're $18,000 over budget. we have to cut back on overall costs."

so they laid off the night watchman.
submitted by zackdaddy
0 comments | submit a joke | more jokes



ite of the day
http://www.utext.com
send text messages to cell phones at no cost to anyone! much easier than trying to type one via cell phone. note: don't use dashes or the 1 prefix (e.g. 15555555555 = bad, 5555555555 = good)submitted by zackdaddy
0 comments | submit a site | more sites




ic of the week
(click to enlarge)submitted by zackdaddy
0 comments | submit a pic | more pics



lip of the week
jeff foxworthy - stupid people
submitted by zackdaddy
0 comments | submit a clip | more clips



copyright © 2004-2025 zackdaddy. all rights reserved.
xhtml ö css ö 508 ö rss


