










fantasyland hotel | inside west edmonton mall




















 
accommodations








luxury theme rooms


theme rooms


executive rooms


superior rooms


suites





luxury dino room



executive king room







 
dining








l1 lounge


l2 grill


room service


special occasions


other dining


meet the team





l1 lounge menu



l2 grill menu







 
experience








attractions


nightlife


services


explore wem





world waterpark



gift card







promotions




 
meetings & events




gift card






















indulge in a romantic escape for $199 per night. 











celebrate love with our exclusive valentine's day packages. 











sweep your love off their feet with our romantic proposal package. 











stay the night and play at wem. book direct to save 40% on attractions passes. 











previous



next








frequently asked questions



 






i'd like to
book




1 night





1 guest





rooms


book now








book a room




call us












×




check in







select check-in date


number of nights

-

+

number of guests
adults

-

+

children

-

+

select room types






select check-in date


select room typesor leave blank





luxury theme rooms





theme rooms





executive rooms





superior rooms



book now













fantasyland hotel & conference centre




one of the world's most unique hotels
the internationally acclaimed fantasyland hotel, located in west edmonton mall, is a one-stop destination where imaginative decor, culinary expertise and one-of-a-kind theme rooms join together to create a vividly unique guest experience. it has been listed as one of the top 10 most unique hotels in the world ...learn more
call 1 800-reserve (737-3783) to book by phone.


25,000 square feet of conference and banquet facilities
explore our 25,000 square feet of conference and banquet facilities, featuring the luxurious beverly hills ballroom and ten other tastefully appointed conference rooms of various sizes ...learn more.




welcome to fantasyland hotel












accommodations


view all rooms



dining


dining options



experience


explore wem





awards


















hotel reviews







loved every minute. everyone was polite, helpful and effective. easy to get to. west ed mall was a new experience for us and the fantasy land hotel lived up to my hopes. as an alberta boy i've always thought of it as our local highlight and after wanting to stay there for as long as i can remember, it was worth the wait.
- reviewed on tripadvisor, july 2023 -
andrew m.


would definitely recommend for couples and family! lots of complimentary features and was the best hotel i have ever went to! my girlfriend had the sleep of her life, and so did i. once in a lifetime experience and there's so many more themes to choose from!!
- reviewed on tripadvisor, july 2023 -
gabriel t.


it’s the perfect family trip!! we did it as a surprise for our sons 10th birthday and it was awesome!! the room is magical, our son had tears of happiness when he entered the room. and the location can’t be better. every attraction is just steps away. the waterworld is the coolest pool ever. you could easily spend days there. galaxy land, mini golf, bowling, tons of restaurants and other fun stuff to do. next time we will definitely book some extra days there, it’s soooo worth to pay the extra penny for it!
natalja k.


we celebrated our 5 year anniversary here and what a great experience it was!  our roman themed room was so unique! the staff was great and our room was very clean. we even got a personalized card congratulating us on our special day. i would highly recommend!
catinka d.


amazing hotel. because it was a basic room and they upgraded us to an awesome theme room. the proximity to the mall and the water park make everything easy.
andre p.


stayed in the arctic room. kids loved the bunk beds and the themed jacuzzi tub was unique and a ton of fun! attraction passes that came with this room made it an excellent "staycation"
chris g.


i lived in edmonton for 7 yrs. and was always skeptical on "themed rooms" thinking they'd have a motel 8 feel. quite the opposite - gorgeous & spacious rooms. the bathroom was nice and modern and the beds were very comfy.  would recommend again and return myself.
sam o.


got a room with 2 queens and bunk beds. lots of room for the family. cleaning was quick and professional. one of the elevators was broken but it want very busy so it didn't matter. we were able to get cheaper passes to the rides too!
mike w.













fantasyland hotel

17700 87 ave nwedmonton, ab  t5t 4v4canada
1 800-reserve (737-3783)




helpful links

directions
careers


subscribe to our mailing list
west edmonton mall
west edmonton mall inn




company
contact us
about us
legal


social
  instagram
  twitter
   facebook




© 2025 fantasyland hotel
























search













