


faceproject.org - addiction recovery resources and directory




















drug and alcohol rehab services

 










addiction counseling
drug and alcohol detox centers
inpatient rehab centers
outpatient rehab centers






addiction treatment » 





who answers?




 ×














treatment specialists are here to help you 24/7

call (844) 690-4040




is it time to consider rehab?
if you have experimented with drugs or alcohol and wonder if your experiment has turned into dependency, take the time to familiarize yourself with these warning signs that it is time to enter rehab. if you feel that you have crossed the line from recreational use to drug or alcohol abuse or dependency is time to act before you or someone you love is hurt. most drug and alcohol addicts experience these warning signs before they really understand what they mean.
if drug or alcohol use has replaced other priorities in your life and has become your main focus, you have a dependency problem. for drug addicts and alcoholics, resupply is their primary concern from the beginning of each day to end. as your dependency expands, other interests in your life get pushed aside.
physical and mental health
substance abuse comes at a steep price in terms of physical and mental health. alcoholism threatens the liver and gives rise to certain cancers. drugs can affect the user’s mental health. if your physician has warned you that substance abuse may be harming you, pay attention and enter a rehab program to learn to stop using.
increased tolerance
another warning sign is that your tolerance has increased. if you drink more alcohol or take more drugs to come close to being euphoric or high, your tolerance has increased and you are at risk of addiction. when drug users need more drugs, they can experience fatal overdoses.
withdrawal symptoms
if you have suspected that your consumption is cause for concern and have tried to stop drinking or using drugs but have experienced uncomfortable withdrawal symptoms that lead you to restart use, this is a serious warning sign that should not be ignored.
driving under the influence
listen to your friends and family. if they have noticed changes in your personality or mentioned your unusual behavior, something is awry. these people have your best interest at heart. you may find yourself distancing yourself from people that love you. this is one more warning sign that recreational substance use has moved to the next level.
if you have ever driven a car while high or while intoxicated, you have put yourself and others at risk. this can destroy your career, cause fatal injuries and lead to arrest. you have crossed the line and your judgment is blurred. if you have driven under the influence, it is time for addiction counseling.
erratic attendance at school or work
one of the telltale signs that recreational use of substances has turned to dependency is erratic attendance at work or school. not only does poor attendance threaten your financial well-being and future but it also threatens the security of those who support and/or depend upon you.
failed attempts to abstain
have you attempted to quit drinking or using drugs but were unsuccessful? most alcoholics or drug addicts come out from under their shell periodically and attempt sobriety. these attempts fail almost all the time.
if you are acting secretively, only want to attend functions where you know there is alcohol or where drugs will be used, you need help. please call today for a free and confidential consultation.




search by category

chemical dependency therapists
drug and alcohol detox and counseling
inpatient addiction rehab
outpatient addiction rehab



 


popular addiction topics

low cost rehab programs
alcohol detox and withdrawal treatments
alcohol poisoning - know the warning signs
can acupuncture help with alcohol addiction?
health risks of alcohol abuse
how long does it take to get over drug addiction?
how to cure alcohol addiction naturally
how to get a drug addict out of your house
how to talk to an alcoholic parent
the role of dopamine in addiction
what is being done about the opioid crisis in america?
what to say to a drug addict to get help
where to get free help for addiction
why is alcohol so addictive?




 
 

search by state




alaska 
alabama 
arkansas 
arizona 
california 
colorado 
connecticut 
washington dc 
delaware 
florida 
georgia 
hawaii 
iowa 

idaho 
illinois 
indiana 
kansas 
kentucky 
louisiana 
massachusetts 
maryland 
maine 
michigan 
minnesota 
missouri 
mississippi 

montana 
north carolina 
north dakota 
nebraska 
new hampshire 
new jersey 
new mexico 
nevada 
new york 
ohio 
oklahoma 
oregon 
pennsylvania 

rhode island 
south carolina 
south dakota 
tennessee 
texas 
utah 
virginia 
vermont 
washington 
wisconsin 
west virginia 
wyoming 






city search




columbus 
portland 
columbus 
englewood 
redondo beach 
lakeland 
woodstock 
darien 
joliet 
niles 
derby 
andover 
alamogordo 


mason 
rutland 
mill creek 
snowflake 
albany 
concord 
kerman 
carbondale 
camilla 
island lake 
lake villa 
lincolnshire 
troy 


madison 
evansdale 
windsor heights 
manistee 
north branch 
waconia 
holly springs 
jackson 
oak grove 
park hills 
margate city 
montvale 
portales 


beacon 
belmont 
logan 
canonsburg 
edgefield 
tega cay 
addison 
crockett 
raymondville 
kelso 
watervliet 
milliken 
york 








 



addiction rehab services
terms and conditions
privacy policy
about us
contact us
listing change requests

this website is not administered by a rehab facility. it is a directory and referral service. the information on this website should not be used as a substitute for official medical advice or diagnosis from a licensed medical provider. no information on this site should be used to diagnose or treat any medical condition.
@copyrights 2019-20 www.faceproject.org - all rights reserved.










