













home | school of medicine | queen's university





















      skip to main content
    














 
















          sign in
          




university wide

faculty/school portals






































medicine




















main navigation





                    academics
                      




                    md program
            
        



                    medical sciences
            
        



                    postgraduate
            
        



                    competency-based medical education (cbme)
            
        



                    graduate studies
            
        



                    experiential learning program
            
        



                    clinician investigator program (cip)
            
        



                    regional education
            
        



                    travill debates
            
        





                    departments
            
        



                    administration
                      




                    strategic plan
            
        



                    news & updates
            
        



                    book a room - medicine building
            
        



                    clinical teachers' association of queen's
            
        



                    jason a. hannah chair in the history of medicine
            
        



                    somac - upcoming meetings
            
        





                    contact us
            
        




























home







 















  the school of medicine offers numerous medical education opportunities, from undergraduate to postgraduate programs.
learn more about our programs
  school of medicine 






 


















 








 








make a gift to the school of medicine
to find out how you can make a difference for the future of the school of medicine. 



make a gift










 







 









academic programs 
established over 150 years ago, the school of medicine at queen's university aims to advance the tradition of preparing excellent physicians and leaders in health care by embracing a spirit of inquiry and innovation in education and research. 








    

  md program   

our graduates will have exemplary foundations in medical competencies that will prepare them for success in qualifying examinations and in post-graduate training programs and for fulfilling careers serving their patients and their communities.




             learn more          





  md program →   
our graduates will have exemplary foundations in medical competencies that will prepare them for success in qualifying examinations and in post-graduate training programs and for fulfilling careers serving their patients and their communities.








    

  postgraduate medical education   

postgraduate medical education at queen’s university offers prospective residents the opportunity to train in one of canada’s premier centres for medical research and teaching.




             learn more         





  postgraduate medical education →   
postgraduate medical education at queen’s university offers prospective residents the opportunity to train in one of canada’s premier centres for medical research and teaching.








    

   biomedical & molecular sciences - m.sc., phd   

the department of biomedical and molecular sciences (dbms) at queen’s university offers programs leading to the master of science (anatomical sciences), master of science, and doctor of philosophy degrees. in the latter two degree programs (m.sc. and ph.d) students would choose from one of the five fields of specialization which represent the research strength of the department




             learn more         





   biomedical & molecular sciences - m.sc., phd →   
the department of biomedical and molecular sciences (dbms) at queen’s university offers programs leading to the master of science (anatomical sciences), master of science, and doctor of philosophy degrees. in the latter two degree programs (m.sc. and ph.d) students would choose from one of the five fields of specialization which represent the research strength of the department.















  combined md/phd and md/master’s programs  →   
the program admits a limited number of exceptional students who wish to combine their medical training with advanced training in research.









  public health sciences  →   
this program aims to provide students with the educational opportunities needed to acquire the knowledge, attitudes and methodological skills necessary to participate in health services or epidemiology research teams, or in public health practice.









  graduate diploma and professional master in medical sciences →   
these programs are offered through a partnership between the department of biomedical and molecular sciences, postgraduate medical education, and undergraduate medical education.















  neuroscience - m.sc., phd  →   
the neuroscience graduate program is firmly rooted in research because our objective is to produce highly-trained graduates who will continue our efforts to prevent and treat neurological diseases. our program offers studies at the master’s and doctoral levels spanning the full spectrum of neuroscience research, from cellular/molecular to clinical studies.









  pathology & molecular medicine - m.sc., phd  →   
the department of pathology and molecular medicine is a clinical department with a major research focus in cancer, hemostasis and vascular biology.  trainees therefore have opportunities to pursue comprehensive training in basic and translational biomedical research, an example being diagnostic, predictive and prognostic biomarker research.









  translational medicine - m.sc., phd   →   
the innovative master of science (msc) and doctor of philosophy (phd) in translational medicine is a unique research based graduate program. the program provides students with a fresh perspective, offering a curriculum interweaving graduate level research with authentic clinical experiences in a multidisciplinary environment across departments at queen’s university.









 









 school of medicine news & events 








                    none view choose                  





                    none view chooseview full blog 







 








                    none view choose                  





                    none view choose                  















































contact us


school of medicine

(613) 533-6000

meds@queensu.ca




follow us























































