















	home | welcome to kifco 



































 







 








language españollogin













  




contact


request quote


warranty


information


registration




blog



1-800-452-7017










 our products videos find a dealer product support our company dealer login global projects  






















































 

find your regional kifco sales representative

 









kifco product lines














    water reels kifco water-reels® are the premier hard hose travelers in the irrigation industry. water-reels are used around the world for portable irrigation, dust suppression, leaching, & de-watering. our engine drive units are ideal for redistributing wastewater with up to 3% solids. whether you need to irrigate a one-half acre of land or one thousand acres, kifco has the water-reel for you. more information 







what do you need to water?whether you need to irrigate your sports fields, water your horse arena, irrigate your pastures & paddocks, or you are looking for an alternative to a stationary pivot system to irrigate your crops, kifco has the irrigation reel for you. water-reels® are the premier hard hose travelers in the irrigation industry. other irrigation applications that prefer our travelling sprinkler reels include residential landscapes, municipalities and parks, irrigating hobby farms and uniform distribution of waste water. whether you need to irrigate a half an acre or one thousand acres, kifco has the water-reel for you. with the largest network of authorized dealers and an unmatched product support team, it's easy to see why kifco water-reels are the most trusted traveling irrigation systems in the industry.


 irrigate sports fields
 turf/landscape irrigation
 water horse arena


 ag & farm irrigation
 industrial & commercial dust suppression
waste water redistribution 










    kifco pumps kifco offers a wide range of pump options to accommodate our water-reels and maximize your traveler’s performance. kifco's pump line up includes boosters, primaries, pto pumps and slurry. custom built packages are also available for most applications. our pumps are epa emissions compliant for irrigation use. standard models are sized to match our water-reels. more information 







companion pumpsour booster pumps provide additional pressure when needed to maximize your traveler's performance. our small primary pumps and medium primary pumps are air-cooled and engine driven and built to match many b-series and ag-rain reels. custom built packages are also available for most any application. our slurry and waste-water pumps are custom built packages that can be ordered for most any application. they are single-stage, centrifugal pumps with mechanical seals and integrated gearboxes. our pto pumps are driven from your tractor's pto shaft with maximum output of 540 to 1000 rpms. they are offered as bare pumps, mounted on a cart or 3-point frame or can be ordered fully fitted.click on a pump type below for more information.


reel-mounted boosters
stand alone boosters
small primary pumps


medium primary pumps
pto pumps
frt slurry pumps











    avi-foamguard kifco avi-foamguard is a vital tool in the efforts of combating and containing an outbreak of avian influenza or other diseases in floor-reared poultry. we have several models available depending on your poultry operation size and region. if you are facing an outbreak of avian influenza and would like more information on kifco units, contact us today. more information 







are you prepared?
being prepared should your poultry operation face an outbreak of avian influenza (bird flu), or other disease is crucial. kifco units have been a vital component in combating outbreaks of ai in floor-reared poultry across the united states and abroad. with a variety of models to choose from, you can easily find the correct avi-foamguard for your poultry operation. self retracting generator cart operation or models for complete hand-held application of foam is available. contact kifco today to request a quote on one of our avi-foamguard models for your operation or agency. preparedness is key in keeping an isolated outbreak from becoming a major one.  are you prepared?



av-aa3

av-e210

av-st3



av-stc

request a quote

troubleshooting, operator & parts manuals





























about kifco




kifco is a family-owned manufacturing company located in havana, il. and is the leading provider of traveling irrigation systems.  kifco has dominated the hard-hose traveller industry since its inception with their portable irrigation system, the water-reel. kifco's irrigation travellers meet the needs of most applications, including sports field irrigation, managing dust suppression on construction sites and in horse arenas and agricultural irrigation.
contact us for even more information about our traveling irrigation systems, or avi-foamguard kifco units.
more about us







testimonials



"we were able to apply manure to our hay crop in early spring using kifco, which enabled us to get into our 3rd cutting by mid-july. we could’ve never done that using tankers." -john patterson "the great thing about kifco water-reels is that i can irrigate my hay meadows, easily move the machine a few hundred feet, and then irrigate my pastures so that my animals can graze on healthy grass and then move it back to the meadow or wherever else i need water. it’s so simple." -everard droemer, giddings, tx more testimonials












































  home our company contact us español site map  




p.o. box 290, 700 s. schrader avenue, havana, il 62644800-452-7017 toll free | 309-543-4425 phone | 309-543-4945 fax

















































copyright 2025 by kifco®

              |
              terms of use
              |
              privacy statement
			  |
            

login



















