





uno center for economic education | center for economic education | university of nebraska omaha
















skip to main content

 






university of nebraska omaha




apply
my uno
directory

search uno


















search uno

















students
faculty
staff
community










college of business administration
center for economic education














apply
my uno
directory




students
faculty
staff
community







search uno















about us
 

backback to main menu



uno center for economic education
                                        
media mentions
nebraska council on economic education
presentations
nebraska centers for economic education




teacher resources
 

backback to main menu



entrepreneurship in your community: creating your own career
                                        
financial literacy bingo cards
k-5 standards, concepts, and lessons
6-8 standards, concepts, and lessons
9-12 standards, concepts, and lessons
economics olympics
ncee curriculum resources
econed reviews
the journal of economic education
journal of economics teaching




professional development
 

backback to main menu



professional development
                                        
certificate in economic education




student programs
 

backback to main menu



economic standards in omaha schools
                                        
econ challenge
finance challenge
financial literacy concerts
stock market game
in school savings program




research
 

backback to main menu



research and publications
                                        


support us


 







uno center for economic education







uno
college of business administration
center for economic education








the mission of the uno center for economic education






strong maverick presence in 2017's "40 under 40"



learn more







                the uno center for economic education improves the economic and financial literacy of current and future nebraska and western iowa citizens by providing educational and training programs and materials for teachers of k-12 classes.
            


why economics education?






it is affiliated nationally with the council on economic education. it is periodically reviewed by the council for economic education and currently holds their highest accreditation rating.
the center assists and encourages teachers in their efforts to teach the economic concepts needed by future citizens to become well-informed voters, wise consumers, and effective producers.
how can the uno center for economic education help you?
if you're a school administrator please let me help you

develop the curriculum for a new economics or personal finance course
revamp the curriculum for an economics or personal finance existing course
provide personalized professional development for your teachers which will provide them with high quality content, engaging lessons for students, and the confidence to successfully teach economics and personal finance

if you're a teacher please let me help you

review your syllabus including pace, topics, and timing
provide you with engaging lessons that you can implement immediately into your economics or personal finance course
general support to make sure you're successful in the classroom

what are others saying about the uno center for economic education?
"the center of economics education at uno has completely transformed economic education at my school. their professional development opportunities and events for students are an integral part of my curriculum. in the last few years i have seen incredible growth in economic thinking in my classes as well as overall performance.
economics can be a very intimidating subject both for an instructor and for a student, and the center of economics education has completely reversed that feeling. i personally went from being nervous to teach the subject and lacking confidence in the content, to now considering economics my strongest subject as a teacher. much of this confidence came from the tools and guidance provided by dr. wagner, who has become an incredible resource for my career.
lastly, i have seen a marked increase in students who are considering careers in economics which is a testament to the center's work in promoting these careers through their events held at uno."
-matt pierson, bryan high school








the center for economic education was created in 1985
the center is hosted and supported by:
uno's college of business administrationnebraska council on economic education

















college of business administration






address

college of business administration
                                    300
                                                                mammel hall
                                
6708 pine street
                                                                    
omaha, ne 68182
                                                                              map




unocbainfo@unomaha.edu


social media







contact us 

dean's office: 402.554.2303
academic advising: 402.554.3419
aacsb accreditation
nebraska business development center 













 



next steps


visit uno


request information


apply for admission


the uno advantage


our city (omaha)




just for you


future students


current students


work at uno


faculty and staff


a-z list




popular services and resources


my.unomaha.edu


academic calendar


campus buildings & maps


library


pay your bill


course catalogs


internships & career development


the maverick store


mavcard services


military-connected resource center


speech center


writing center


human resources


center for faculty excellence




affiliates


university of nebraska system


nu foundation


buffett early childhood institute


daugherty water for food institute


national strategic research institute


peter kiewit institute


rural prosperity nebraska











university policies


privacy statement


accessibility


















toggle theme





                  light
                  





                  dark
                  





                  auto
                  








402.554.2800










university of nebraska omaha



                university of nebraska omaha,
                6001 dodge street,
                omaha, ne, 68182 





©
                        
                         
                    

emergency information alert

mavsreport





social media


















our campus. otherwise known as omaha.




the university of nebraska does not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, and/or political affiliation in its education programs or activities, including admissions and employment. the university prohibits any form of retaliation taken against anyone for reporting discrimination, harassment, or retaliation for otherwise engaging in protected activity. read the full statement.









