








advocateweb -








































































 



 


















 

 


		skip to content	

homeabout us

board of directors
advisory council
endorsements
disclaimer


exploitation

tell me more…
the cost of abuse
i need help!
professional exploitation
you are not alone!


victim resources

advocates
educators
military
psychology boards
information and resources
sex offender registries
spiritual resources
family/friends
mental health
law enforcement
persons with disabilities


publications

articles

general

boundary violations and malpractice litigation: disregard of professional boundaries is a leading cause of malpractice litigation
prevention of boundary violations
sexual abuse in the therapeutic setting: what do victims really want?
boundary violations in the professional relationship
small firm specializes in patient abuse by therapists far more common than many suspect
boundary violations and malpractice litigation: understanding litigation from the plaintiff’s side


mental health
clergy

an open letter to jim daly, president, focus on the family
massachusetts: bill extends time limit on sexual abuse lawsuits
spiritual healing for survivors of clergy sexual abuse
the perpetrator as “victim”
an open letter to the pope
soul betrayal
identification & prevention of clergy misconduct
clergy sexual misconduct evaluating a complaint
empowering connections
sexual misconduct in the church when mentor becomes molester ministers are often granted immediate trust . . . but some betray it.
the professional and boundary issues
why it’s not an affair


law enforcement
military
disabilities

sexual violence and persons with disabilities


educator

boundary issues in teacher-student relationships




books

book purchases


published works


law & ethics

sexual exploitation laws
sexual exploitation litigation issues
find an attorney
codes of ethics
state laws

2015 summary of statutes of limitations reform across the united states
lynette’s law for maryland
2014 pending and passed
sol for the 50 states (and the district of columbia)




professional resource
contact us

guestbook


donate





 

  
 






 

 

 

 

 

professional exploitationexploitation can occur in any professional relationship 

educate yourselfeducating yourself is your best protection 

be safeyou are not alone! 

take actionthe laws and ethical codes that set the standards 

in the news...recent reports regarding professional exploitation 



 

i need help! 

 




							if you have been sexually involved or in an emotionally inappropriate relationship with a professional who was originally helping you, then you may now be dealing with a complex set of issues and emotions.							
						

 learn more  





the cost of abuse 

 




							victims pay a tremendous price for this abuse, emotionally, psychologically, spiritually, socially, sexually, physically, and financially.							
						

 learn more  





tell me more... 

 




							for someone who has been sexually exploited by a professional, reactions are unique and individual, but the consequences sometimes can be devastating, with many resultant problems, symptoms, and emotions.							
						

 learn more  
















no matter what words you may use to describe it, this is abuse…it is exploitation…
 advocateweb is a nonprofit organization providing information and resources to promote awareness and understanding of the issues involved in the exploitation of persons by trusted helping professionals. we are attempting to be a helpful resource for victim/survivors, their family and friends, the general public, and for victim advocates and professionals.

professional exploitation news:



come to terms with your past while moving powerfully into the future:
the courage to heal is an inspiring, comprehensive guide that offers hope and a map of the healing journey to every woman who was sexually abused as a child—and to those who care about her. although the effects of child sexual abuse are long-term and severe, healing is possible. 

 

 learn how you are not alone!

help us help others





advocateweb

december 9, 2014

december 23, 2014uncategorized 0 



 
 

 





site maphome
about us
exploitation
victim resources
 



 
 





	powered by tempera &   wordpress.		







                copyright ©                2025                                                                     www.advocateweb.org.
                                all rights reserved. 

                                                                                wordpress premium plugin
















