home - srf san diego temple       
skip to content


main menu
 homeaboutcalendarfaq’sactivitiesmenu togglemeditationstudy groupssatsangavolunteerretreatsyouth programsyoung adults groupdonaterequest prayersnewslettercontactour grounds are open daily from 7:00 a.m. to sunset. sunday services are held at 9:30 and 11:00 a.m.   weekday morning meditations are held from 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m.  a sunday evening meditation begins at 5:30 p.m. and ends at 7:30 p.m.welcome to the san diego templesan diego temple is a branch of self-realization fellowship (srf), an international organization founded in 1920 by paramahansa yogananda to disseminate the universal teachings of kriya yoga, a sacred spiritual science which originated millennia ago in india.


view schedule

welcome to the san diego templesan diego temple is a branch of self-realization fellowship (srf), an international religious organization founded in 1920 by paramahansa yogananda to disseminate the universal teachings of kriya yoga, a sacred spiritual science which originated millennia ago in india.


view schedule

latest news weekly service topic and announcements december 8, 2022 - the service topic for sunday, february 16th is "the true meaning of self-realization." click the button below to view this week's announcements. read more introduction to meditation class september 20, 2022 - on the first thursday evening of each month at 7:00 p.m. an introduction-to-meditation service will be held at the temple.   the next meditation class on february 6th will be geared towards those who are new to meditation; veteran meditators are more than welcome, may learn something new, and will support the group effort. please feel… read more join other devotees for lessons study june 13, 2022 - on sunday, february 9th, the group will be studying lesson 65, "why you haven't changed as you wished", in room 11.  it's a good idea to bring the current and upcoming lesson for this reason.  to join,  just show your digital or paper lessons student card or a copy of the lesson.   read more about… read more temple day of service june 1, 2022 - temple day of service will be held on saturday, february 15, 2025.  everyone is invited to join these activities - it's a great way to get acquainted with people while helping to serve at the temple. arrive at 9:00 a.m. when tasks are assigned and there's time to enjoy some breakfast treats. you may choose… read morefaq's

 frequently asked questions about temple services and meditationslesson study

 group study of the self-realization fellowship lessonsmonthly newsletter

 san diego temple’s newslettermake a donation

 your generosity helps us to maintain our temple and groundsonline inspiration

 inspirational videos from self-realization fellowshipyoung adults group

 spiritual fellowship for those between the ages of 18 and 40.photo gallery

 view photos from past events at san diego temple.online meditation

 the srf online meditation center offers daily group meditationssrf headquarters

 news and inspiration from self-realization fellowshipmaintaining our hidden gem:  san diego templedid you know that san diego temple was originally built in 1909? it was the third location that paramahansa yogananda founded, opening as a self-realization fellowship temple in 1943. paramahansaji was personally involved in its early renovations and conducted services here for many years. it is vital to perform ongoing restoration and upgrades to keep these beautiful buildings and grounds in pristine condition.  master has left this temple in our care and we will do our best to honor his legacy!


learn more



sunday school and youth programsour sunday school classes (ages 3-12) are offered every sunday morning from 10:45 a.m. to 12:00 noon. our teen classes (ages 13-18) also meet during this time. however, the teen program is currently on hiatus until more teenagers enroll and can attend on a regular basis.the sunday school and teen classes are based on the teachings of our founder, paramahansa yogananda. our sunday school and teen classes encourage children and youth to lead happy, balanced lives by bringing god into their daily lives through kindness to others, right behavior, and developing a personal relationship with god through meditation.each sunday our teachers present aspects of our guru’s “how-to-live” principles in a way that all children can understand and enjoy.  the spiritual topic of each class is brought to life with a variety of crafts, stories, discussions, games, plays and service projects.  through these activities and discussions, your child will explore how to apply these principles and ideas in their daily lives.meditation is the cornerstone of these teachings, so children of all ages practice meditation in the ss classes, according to the receptivity of their age level.  the classes also include prayer, chanting, the srf energization exercises, and an offertory, where your child can give a small monetary offering. 


visit youth programs to learn more

paramahansa yoganandaswami yogananda was born mukunda lal ghosh in gorakhpur, uttar pradesh, india. according to his younger brother sananda, young mukunda’s awareness and experience of the spiritual was far beyond the ordinary, even from his earliest years.


learn more



self-realization fellowshipsrf is a worldwide religious organization, founded in 1920 by paramahansa yogananda to make available the universal teachings of kriya yoga – a sacred spiritual science which originated in ancient india. lecture services held on sundays and thursdays at san diego temple offer a good introduction to the srf teachings.


learn more

san diego temple newsletter signup
first name

last name

email address:


leave this field empty if you're human: “everything else can wait, but our search for god cannot wait.”– paramahansa yoganandacontactsrf san diego temple
3072 1st avenue
san diego, ca 92103619-295-0170
(voice mail)                         

