



hollywood remains to be seen








hollywood remains to be seen

a guide to the movie stars' final homes

by mark masek
direct, step-by-step directions to find your favorite stars, 
celebrities and notable people in cemeteries
 throughout the los angeles area, along with detailed personal and professional
biographies.  in addition to the comprehensive "hollywood remains to be seen" book,
cemetery guide e-books are also available for easy and convenient personal tours of individual cemeteries.

follow me on twitter/x and/or facebook for cemetery updates, daily deathiversaries, news and photos.

follow @cemeteryguide



or just say hello!


the book
the e-books
cemeteryguide videos (new)
cemetery maps (los angeles and chicago areas)





latest update: may 25, 2024










stephen and linda hunio
recent stories behind the stones:



russ columbo

robert williams

peggy shannon

gail russell

marion parker

lillian leitzel and alfredo codona

joe penner

the empire day disaster in long beach


the stories behind the stones archive contains more than 80 stories
 about people who deserve to be remembered.
some of them are famous, but most of them are not.
if you're a fan of true crime or history, you'll enjoy them and learn something.



is there someone you'd like to see in a future stories behind the stones? lemme know !






lapd memorial street signs



more than 200 officers of the los angeles police department have been killed in the line of duty
 since the department was formed in 1869.  in 2014, the city launched a project to honor
these officers, by placing special memorial signs at the location where each officer fell,
or at the lapd police academy.  these are the stories of the men and women
who risked their lives every day to serve and protect the citizens of los angeles,
and made the ultimate sacrifice.



comments and reviews



"hollywood remains to be seen is the definitive guide to the final resting places of 
hollywood's elite. ... short celebrity bios, anecdotal stories and cemetery histories
 make this book a 'must-have' for any hollywood gravehunter. if you're planning on
 visiting los angeles, buy this book!"
-jim tipton, find-a-grave.com





"mark masek, celebrity grave historian, knows everything there is to know about forest lawn."
-madison michele, tv guide network




"this is a terrific book.  if you're a hollywood fanatic, you've got to get your hands on this.
this is a must!"
-wayne stevens, cklw radio,
 windsor, ontario, canada




"author mark masek is an authority on celebrity graves."
-miriam hernandez, 
kabc-tv




"this wonderful and profusely illustrated volume will certainly appeal to the graveyard
 buffs among our readers! ... a fascinating book and a real guide to the stars' final homes!"
-troy taylor, president of the 
american ghost society




"if you like hollywood, if you like the nostalgia of hollywood, if you like stories about 
the stars, do i have the perfect gift for you !  it's called hollywood remains to
 be seen. ... it's the perfect christmas gift idea !"

-john murphy, the movie world radio show,
klac radio,
los angeles, ca




"this is the definitive guide to the movie stars' final resting places."
-
dark delicacies book store




"much more comprehensive for the serious grave
afficionado ... this recent 400-page volume is 
jam-packed with just about
everything you need to know in order to locate your 
favorite stars from yesteryear."
-rick muenchow, 
suite101.com




"an intriguing treasure-trove of material."
-mike harden, 
columbus (oh) dispatch




"what could be a more perfect way to spend this halloween
 season than touring the cemeteries of los angeles? get a copy of
 mark masek's great guidebook to where the stars are buried and head out
 for a spooky time."
-paul lasley, 
ktla morning news,
los angeles, ca




"a fantastic book."
-jim bresnahan, wrel radio,
lexington, va




"the final word on the resting places of hollywood's elite."
-university of illinois alumni magazine




"if you have an interest in touring the cemeteries where the rich and famous
 are buried, this is the book for you."
-jim cates, kmaj radio,
topeka, ks




"this is the best tourist book in the world !"

-blanche koenig




"this book is very different from what i expected and is one of the most
fascinating books i have ever read.  i could not put it down."
-edith smith, 
valdosta (ga) daily times




"hollywood remains to be seen is the definitive guide to the final resting places of 
hollywood's elite."
-
hotel bel-air magazine




"mark masek has written another great book on gravehunting. yet another great
 addition to a gravehunter's library!"
-karen mchale, 
hollywood-underground.com




"it's the perfect bathroom book."
-jennifer herrick




hey, look!  i'm in an actual library!  and so is my book.





anthony bourdain was a huge fan of "hollywood remains to be seen." (actually, i have no idea. i met him when he was filming an episode for one of his tv shows on a dearly departed tour, and i gave him a book, and he was kind enough to pose for a photo with me.  very nice guy, and surprisingly knowledgeable about infamous celebrity deaths, which shouldn't be too surprising since he seemed to be knowledgeable about almost everything.)





looking for something else?  another book, perhaps?  or a video?  dvd? music? software?
camera equipment? toys? games? electronics? kitchen appliances?  anything at all?  
search for it right here, and you'll probably find it:





search:


all products
books
popular music
classical music
video
dvd
toys & games
baby
computer & video games
electronics
software
tools & hardware
outdoor living
kitchen & housewares
camera & photo
wireless phones



keywords:





















x











