












home page, whole person associates, bookstore, health and wellness































 


shop

new releases
alphabetic product list
by author

ali, ray
ardell, donald
arloski, michael
babior, shirley
beaudoin, marie-nathalie
belknap, martha
berkovits, sarah
brodsky, amy
butler, carol
cash, kathy
clark, carolyn chambers
collins, bonnie
feinberg, barbara g.
ferguson, jacquelyn
gesell, izzy
goldman, carol
greenstone, james l.
jasheway-bryant, leigh anne
kelly, joe
khalsa, kathy
kreitlow, burton and doris
leutenberg, ester
liptak, john
loy, marty
lusk, julie
morris, carroll
negley, sandra
piszczek, esther
queen, sandy
schein, deborah
schwartz, andrew
seaward, brian luke
sippola, john
torney, donna
tubesing, donald
tubesing, nancy
walden, sue
wildes, lyle
zamore, fran


categories

anger management
anxiety
audio
behavioral addictions
biofeedback
card decks
coloring books for adults
coping
counseling resources
emotional first aid
erasing mental health stigma
family and relationships
grief
guided imagery
healthy living tools
help kids cope
icebreakers
mental health and life skills
mind-body wellness
positive psychology - the hope series
professional development
ready-to-run workshops
relaxation audio
relaxation books
school counselor resources
self-help
senior mental health and well-being
spanish language resources
stress management
suicide prevention
teen mental health and life skills
teen resources
teens - transitional life skills
training videos
veterans
wellness coaching
wellness promotion
working with families


monthly special
bargain bookshelf
catalog


deals

monthly special
new releases
bargain bookshelf


about

subscribe
blog
contact us
customer service

catalog
shipping
returns
ordering information
tax exempt
government orders
international distribution
resale terms
submission guidelines
disclaimer
privacy policy


our company
our philosophy
product videos
social media
wellness resources






search




















whole person associates: mental health and wellness publisher
categories
bargain bookshelfanger managementanxietybehavioral addictionsbiofeedbackcaregiver resourcescognitive behavioral therapycopingcounseling resourcesdiscussion starter card decksebookserasing mental health stigmafamily and relationshipsgriefguided imageryhealthy living toolshelp kids copeicebreakersmental health and life skillsmind-body wellnessmindfulness resourcespositive psychology - the hope seriesprofessional developmentready-to-run workshopsrelaxation audiorelaxation booksschool counselor resourcesself-helpsenior mental health and well-beingspanish language resourcesstress managementsuicide preventionteen mental health and life skillsteen resourcesteens - transitional life skillstraining videosveteranswellness coachingwellness promotionworking with families whole person associates: mental health and wellness publisher
a leading publisher of professional and self-help resources that empower people to create and maintain healthy lifestyles by addressing stress management, wellness promotion, health and wellness concerns, and mental health issues.
our products are intentionally focused on the whole person - the complex mixture of physical, social, intellectual, emotional and spiritual components that make us human. the resources for professionals go beyond theory and offer practical, hands-on activities to use with clients and participants. our self-help products for laypeople encourage self-reflection and offer concrete solutions to help individuals achieve healthy lifestyles.
 
 
the whole person philosophy
 
our products are intentionally focused on the whole person – the complex mixture of 
physical, mental, social, emotional, and spiritual components that make us human. 
we’ve included all these components in our logo.
 
  
about whole person
 
health and wellness promotion for the whole person:
whole person associates was founded in 1980 with the primary goal of publishing resources to help practitioners effectively teach stress management and wellness promotion. each product was required to do the following: promote self-discovery, provide interactive activities, include reproducible worksheets, and approach health and wellness from a “whole person perspective” - mind, body & spirit. through the years the publication program has expanded to include mental health and self-help, but the primary goal and product criteria has remained.
whole person provides many different product formats to help you reach your goals:
reproducible workbooks - this type of product meets all of the criteria mentioned above. each workbook includes a collection of reproducible handouts, worksheets, assessments and journaling activities that are guaranteed to encourage self-reflection and provide the platform for lively discussion. they address a wide variety of topics that cover health and wellness from a to z.
card decks - these interactive games were produced as supplementary teaching aids for almost all of the workbooks. the open-ended questions help break the ice with your client or group and encourage lively discussion.
guided imagery books - whole person offers a wide variety of guided imagery and visualization scripts to help you teach the key stress management skill of relaxation. the scripts can be read to your client(s) with soothing background music.
relaxation cds - whole person has developed over 30 relaxation cds offering a variety of techniques including progressive muscle relaxation, autogenic, guided meditation and visualizations. whole person relaxation cds are used and recommended by therapists, counselors and practitioners to address stress management and wellness promotion.
icebreaker books - whether you are leading a staff meeting, presenting a brown bag lunch workshop, teaching a class, or leading a therapy group, the icebreaker books that whole person offers will be invaluable to you.
dvds - whole person offers four dvd courses. each course has six sessions that can be used as a series or alone. two address stress management, one looks at workplace issues, and the fourth encourages viewers to make healthy choices when it comes to their lifestyle. all help individuals learn the skills that lead to optimal health and wellness.
self-help - whether you are a practitioner who wants to recommend a good self-help resource, or an individual looking for some material to help with stress management, wellness promotion, anxiety issues, aging, and more, whole person has some great resources for you.
 
 



alphabetic product list


categories


new releases


coming soon


monthly special


bargain bookshelf


catalog


wellness resources


blog


subscribe


more great titles from whole person associates:teens - managing life's expectationsaverage rating:

  $49.95  


the substance abuse and recovery workbook

  $49.95  


wellness coaching for lasting lifestyle change - second editionaverage rating:

  $29.95  


the anger & aggression workbook

  $49.95  


coping with anxiety workbook

  $39.95  


emotional first aid - a field guide to crisis intervention and psychological survival

  $29.95  


the building resiliency workbook

  $49.95  












categories


contact us


customer service


submission guidelines


wellness resources


subscribe

 


whole person associates | 101 west 2nd street, ste 203, duluth, mn 55802 | 800-247-6789
© whole person associates 2024
























