
















agora financial - unbiased & independent financial forecasts, market coverage, stock analysis and more































alerts    archive              checkmark    close      collapse    download       expand    hamburger    issue    list        more    notice    portfolio      print         reports    resizetext      save      search    video      watchlist              watchlist2    












about us

help
contact us
















knowledge you need to protect and grow your wealth.
agora financial’s world-class analysts and publications help you secure your financial independence so you can live the life you deserve. 







investment strategies for all your interests and goals
whether you’re new to investing or a pro, our independent and unbiased analysts offer a wide spectrum of publications to meet all of your needs. here’s a small sample of the topics we cover:





make the most of “safe-haven” investments — earning maximum profits from precious metals, bonds and more



discover companies poised for rapid growth… and simple ways to profit even if stocks decline



learn income-boosting strategies for growing your nest egg… and easy steps for protecting it




view our interests






a long history of accurate market predictions
agora financial has been a leading innovator in the financial publishing industry for nearly two decades — correctly predicting some of wall street and washington’s biggest moves.




























































2002


predicted a gold
rally was imminent.
by 2003, gold was up
50% from its lows.





2003


warned of the coming
real estate collapse
helped readers secure their
wealth and prepare.





2008


announced it was time to act
on vulnerable housing companies.
our strategy led to 
gains of up to 462%.





2009


reported greece faced “increasing
social conflict” from debt problems.
greeks rioted less
than a year later





2013


told readers the market had
turned the corner and would rally.
that year the s&p 500 delivered its
best performance in 16 years.





2014


wrote federal reserve would stall
rate cuts as long as possible.
the fed didn’t act on
rates until december 2015





2016


correctly called the 
brexit and trump’s election. 
their victories surprised
everyone but us.









our story




we trace our roots to three groundbreaking financial publications: strategic investment (1984)… plague of the black debt (1992)… and the daily reckoning (1999) — one of the first free daily financial e-letters (that still exists today). we had racked up a long list of uncannily accurate economic forecasts by the time agora financial became an independent llc in 2004.







throughout our history, we’ve consistently beaten the mainstream financial media to the punch. our readers were aware of the tech bubble, the housing bubble, the credit bubble, the excesses underlying the panic of ’08, the pending collapse of lehman bros. and the rise of cryptocurrency well before they happened — and in many cases, were able to prosper while other investors got blindsided.







to this day, executive publisher addison wiggin and the editorial teams from our imprint businesses continue to challenge traditional publishing outlets by offering irreverent, insightful commentary where others fear to tread.






agora financial editors have earned recognition from dozens of media sources, including:












































what our customers are saying about us:




“





back to top










x


symbollast pricechange% change
    


add to watchlist 
	view more
































agora financial provides financial research to millions of readers across the globe.

1001 cathedral street, baltimore, md 21201
844-731-0992
privacy policy |
                        terms & conditions
do not sell my info




follow agora financial on twitter
like agora financial on facebook
follow agora financial on linkedin
agora financial on bloomberg
agora financial on crunchbase




career opportunities
terms & conditions
privacy policy
whitelist us
sales tax
do not sell or share my personal information






