













quality outdoor furniture nj - patio furniture nj: patio world
































































phone: (609) 951-9191  address: 3231 route 1 south, lawrenceville, nj 08648        call anytime for phone orders.
patioworld@comcast.net















home
about us
our collection
services
special offers
blog
client reviews
contact
 


select page


  
 
 




















we’re open for the 2025 season!

our pre-season sale starts president’s weekend. save 25-50%

hello nj and pa neighbors! it’s frosty outside, but our pre-season savings will warm you right up with our best-ever early bird discounts.
with a few exceptions, almost everything on our floor is 25-50% off! and that double-digit discount is in addition to our already discounted prices that you have come to expect every day.
shopping early has its rewards! so even though you may feel the crunch of snow on the ground, if you’re a shopper with a “spring” in your step, you know that big savings are afoot at patio world.





we’re open for the 2025 season!

our pre-season sale starts president’s weekend.
save 25-50%

hello nj and pa neighbors! it’s frosty outside, but our pre-season savings will warm you right up with our best-ever early bird discounts.
with a few exceptions, almost everything on our floor is 25-50% off! and that double-digit discount is in addition to our already discounted prices that you have come to expect every day.
shopping early has its rewards! so even though you may feel the crunch of snow on the ground, if you’re a shopper with a “spring” in your step, you know that big savings are afoot at patio world.











patio world nj is your headquarters for luxury outdoor furniture at every day discounts
why shop the big box? supporting local business is not just good civics. the patio world promise:

patio world nj is your headquarters for luxury outdoor furniture at every day discounts
why shop the big box? supporting local business is not just good civics. the patio world promise:

buyer’s quality assurance
bring home the highest quality outdoor furniture and accessories, as curated by our in-house buyer. he practically grew up in the business. he and his wife visit showrooms and factories here and abroad, seeking out the industry’s best quality, design and value.
area’s lowest prices
good quality is not cheap, but that doesn’t mean you should overpay or “pay retail.” patio world’s everyday low prices are always better than the manufacturer’s suggested price – but that’s not all. if you see an item at our store that a retail competitor carries, we promise to meet or beat the price – providing the competitor is within a 30-mile radius of the store.
shop our sales 
there is often a sale going on at patio world – not just in the “shoulder” seasons. we often run flash sales, as we have inventory arriving almost every month of the year, and we like to turnover our showroom with new displays. so, check back often and read our blog.
thousands of items in inventory 
our large showroom spaces and area warehouses are stocked with the tried-and true classics, as well as the latest and greatest outdoor furniture and accessories from the finest usa and overseas makers. so, whether you’re looking for sleek euro-style pieces, cane, wicker and rattan, distressed teak, all-season coated aluminum or america’s favorite poly lumber sets, you’ll find it at patio world.
five star service 
we pride ourselves in going the extra mile for our customers. for instance, you may need a design consultation about what is best for your space. no problem. make an appointment or stop in with your questions. or you may need a special order or customizations. we’ve got you. set up and assembly is a standard offering, too.
white glove delivery and set-up 
unlike the big box or online megastores, we don’t “drop and run.” our own trucks and drivers, along with expert set-up and assembly personnel make sure your precious purchase is personally delivered – quickly and expertly. wherever the merchandise is going – sunroom, deck, front or back porch, backyard, pool or patio, when we leave it will be ready for your enjoyment.
umbrellas, pillows and slings and accessories 
everyone needs a handsome, sturdy and shady outdoor umbrella – or two or three. whether for backyard, patio and pool, deck, terrace, dock, or yacht, consider us your outdoor umbrella headquarters.custom pillows and replacement slings, furniture covers, firepit accessories and more are all available.
facetime showroom tours 
as satisfying as an in-person shopping experience can be, we understand that sometimes you just can’t make it in. so, whether it’s distance, inclement weather, time or another impediment, don’t let that stop you. call us for a “facetime tour”, and we’ll give you a live walkaround of the showrooms, or show you a particular set of items you may want to see.
contractors, designers and decorators: work with us!
our contract and hospitality division and designer program is as competitive as going direct, but with the added benefit of delivery and set-up. enjoy the comfort level of having a local contact and just as importantly, keeping your local dollars in the community in which you and your clients live.

terms and conditions
 
* lowest price guarantee:
our policy is to beat or price match other retailers located within our immediate area, up to 30 miles. merchandise should be an exact brand and style number match. there are no exceptions to our policy.



 








facebook
instagram
youtube
 



© 2025 patio world   



















