


a reason a season a lifetime




















    
	a reason a season a lifetime
	
  
i believe that people come into your life for a reason, a season, or a lifetime, sometimes all three.  i believe some people are simply the best and others will drag your ass down.  dream as if you'll live forever.  live as if you'll die today.  got my back?  i've got yours.  no one will ever have control over me again.  stay safe, stay sober, stay clean, stay healthy, stay happy.






i believe we are spiritual beings having a human experience ~ keith davis






sunday, march 08, 2009



	 
	 happy sunday
	 
    


though i am very happy about daylight savings time i am having and always have had a hard time with losing the hour. it takes me days sometimes weeks to feel okay again. as i type i am still in my pj's. a combination of still not feeling well and the time change.kathee (big sis #1) is doing o.k. right now she is in the middle of a break from chemo and will have it again this thursday.   the 3 days she is hooked up are pretty bad and even after she continues to have side effects.  the past couple of times she let me unhook her and administer the medicine after as well as remove the needle from the power port.  funny thing is she won't let me do it at home.  so, we go to mass. general and the nurse watches me do it.  she says she just not comfortable enough with having me do it at home.  and that is okay because i love her and would do anything for her. massachusetts general hospital is one of the best in the country for treating cancer as well as many other illnesses.  the cancer center is a wonderful place, very peaceful, very upbeat, very caring.  i've taken some pictures and have decided i will document her battle with the awful disease.  i wish i had a video camera but again my resources are limited.  one of these days i will post some of these pictures. on another note, like any true addict, i started drinking diet coke again.  one day a couple weeks ago i said to myself, "geez, i think i'll have one diet coke." and before you know it i'm drinking it everyday.  i think i need a twelve step program for this.  lol.i want to thank everyone for stopping by and leaving comments even though i haven't been around to everyone's blog.i continue to be clean and sober and i continue to be grateful........the roof over my headthe clothes on my back (in this case the pj's)food in the fridgea car to drivethe loaned laptop (i think my regular computer is on drugs)awakhugskissesmy two wonderful daughtersand the help they have been giving katheegemstones and candles (i'm into them and their meanings)the healing cd's given to kathee and me (very relaxing)my two jobshaving enough $$ to pay the billsthe friends that i know when i'm with nothing will happen to me physically, emotionally, spiritually, or mentallyaathe diet coke i'm drinking (lol)hanging out with positive peoplestaying away from negative peoplethe beautiful weather we have been having (in the 50's yesterday - last week we got a foot of snow)seeing all of you



submitted for your approval by jj<> at 3/08/2009 11:33:00 am
48 say what?











about me

name:  jj 
location:  massachusetts, united states 
i'm your average everyday person.  nothing special about me.  i believe laughter is the best medicine.   i believe that one of these days i will grow up and figure out what i want to do with my life.  i believe in children and old people. i believe i can make it in a clean and sober world. i believe someday the red sox will win the world series.  i believe i can fly.  
i wrote that on august 13, 2004.  not only did the red sox win the world series but i can fly!
view my complete profile




color code
blog
jokes
not me
when words fail / lyrics
links

i love these people and i see them

a perfect virgo (my bro - keep in touch!)
aawakening
alexis (you go girl!)
amias (i'm humbled and honored)
an irish friend of bill (on break)
andy
april(my sista)
blue (mia)
bo (dryblog)
boston
brad
cantellya
castor (r.i.p.)
cocaine jesus
daave
daily piglet
designer girl
dharma
flower dave
grace - she's back!
gwen
hannen
hippy chick
jedi michael
johno (mia)
kc
katy (mia)
kenny (my radical bro)
kim
lash505 a.k.a. coffee bitch
maack saanta daaddy
mark
mary christine
maui
meg
motorcycle mike
muylajuana (mia)
networkchic
nettie
noor
one sober fox (post will ya)
pam
phil (i miss you)
rj (i miss your sweet ass baby)
redhead gal
rex
ricky
rusty
sam
scott
scott w.
scout
shade (where are you?)
shadow
shannon
sober chick
steph (still seeing you)
tab
tkdjunkie
trudge

me me me

jj's eyes
jj's 101's
jj's writings
haalf naaked thursdaay (the old one)
haalf naaked thursdaay (the new one)
jj keeps track
sobriety society


helpful links
recovery universe
aa
na


previous posts

happy sunday
checking in
checking in
seeing you
2009
merry friggin' christmas
update
surpises are nice
saturday
handing it over

archives




current moonlunar phases








 










all content of this site © copyright 2005-present by jj productions, unless otherwise attributed or blatantly obvious. all rights reserved.


