


tom the dog's you know what i like?
























    
	tom the dog's you know what i like?
	
  
a blog about all that is worthy in the culture we call pop. tv, comics, movies, tv, music, books, and a little tv as well. updated every day, in a perfect world. the same world where robert redford, warren beatty, kevin costner and mel gibson had not all won best director oscars before martin scorsese, j.d. salinger had been as prolific as stephen king, and whoopi goldberg was locked away where she could never hurt anyone ever again.



friday, june 26, 2009



	 closing time
    


well, today is the 5th anniversary of this blog. and it's high time to admit to myself that after five years, the blog has run its course. not that this is a big surprise to anyone. i mean, it's been over four months since i last updated. even frank miller keeps to a tighter schedule than that! (ah, my final gratuitous comic book joke.)i have to say, i'm more than a little disappointed in myself. this blog was a great deal of fun for a great deal of time. i don't know exactly how i lost my last bit of interest in updating, but i know it had been a long time coming. looking back through my archives, i can't help but notice how many times i abandoned updating here for weeks at a time. with real life intruding so often on my internet time, updating became a chore rather than a pleasure.but as i said, it was fun for a long time. i got a real kick out of talking about all my pop culture obsessions. by examining my favorite tv shows, movies, books, etc., i think i even learned a few things about just why i like what i like, and how to articulate and share my enjoyment with others. and i even shed some light on why i hate whoopi goldberg so very very much. (hint: she sucks.)i especially enjoyed the running features -- the abecedarian lists, the unfair previews, the minute-by-minute liveblogging of awards shows, and of course the object of my affection (all of which remain archived for easy access on the sidebar). in fact, why don't i pick one final ooma, for old time's sake:can't believe i never picked sarah chalke as ooma before. i think she's lovely as the day is long, and damn funny, to boot. i hope she gets herself into a good project post-scrubs (yes, she'll be back on scrubs for a few episodes next year... but after that, i mean).i'm not going to say that i'll never blog again. every once in a while i find myself wishing i could share my thoughts on some pop culture item, like how kick-ass i thought the finale of lost was, or how tremendously i enjoyed seeing star trek in imax (real imax, not that bogus small-screen "imax" they're foisting on unsuspecting filmgoers these days) and up in 3-d (the first time i've ever been wowed by 3-d in a film; the fact that the movie was another pixar instant classic didn't hurt), or how essential it is for you to see richard cheese in concert if you haven't yet had the chance. or, thinking ahead to next week, telling you how my tryout for who wants to be a millionaire in houston goes.regarding that: hey, i'm going to audition for who wants to be a millionaire in houston next week! i'll be letting you know how it turns out on my twitter page, if you feel like following along there. i update frequently, with both info on my daily life and irrelevant nonsense. so... kind of like this blog, 140 characters at a time.maybe one day i'll create a new blog, or even revive this one, but for now, twitter satisfies in full what little blogging urges remain in me. i'll be leaving this blog intact in the meanwhile -- if only because it has an easy-to-use list of links to my favorite webcomics and bloggers on the sidebar.speaking of other bloggers, a big thank you to my california weblogging friends mike, dorian, and ian, all of whom inspired my efforts on this blog. and thank you to all the people who read this silly thing over the years, and especially the ones who engaged me in the comments, and even became friends.and that'll do it for me, and for this blog, for now.push the button, frank.



posted by tom the dog @ 8:00 am  

 | 






monday, february 23, 2009



	 this is not an update
    


i am updating today because jeffrey rowland updated his wigu webcomic today. the last time he ran a new comic was the same day i last posted here, february 3. i am not a good blogger, but apparently i would make an excellent webcomic artist.i have nothing else to add, despite the oscars having occurred last night. i said i was not a good blogger.labels: meta, oscars, webcomics



posted by tom the dog @ 2:33 pm  

 | 






tuesday, february 03, 2009



	 you're the great one, i'm marty mcsorley
    


i appear to have lost all interest in updating this blog. why don't you enjoy this video of one of my favorite songs from last year while i decide if i'm ever going to get back to posting here again.



posted by tom the dog @ 7:37 pm  

 | 






saturday, january 24, 2009



	 tv update: 3 season premieres
    


spoilers ahead.battlestar galactica: i'm tremendously glad to see the return of one of my favorite shows, but the first two episodes, while they haven't been bad, have just kind of been... there. there have been a few shocker moments, mostly in the first episode: starbuck finding her crashed ship containing what appears to be her own charred corpse inside; dee blowing her brains out; ellen tigh being revealed as the final cylon (maybe -- i'm not sure i'm ready to swallow that one yet); tyrol learning he's not the father of his child. and, to the delight of shippers everywhere, adama and roslin finally did the nasty. but there hasn't been much real forward progress. the political machinations of the council just don't grab me, and gaeta's fomenting mutiny rings false (though i certainly wouldn't blame him if he put a bullet in the back of starbuck's head). in all fairness, after the letdown of earth, it's realistic that the fleet would be reeling in bitterness and depression, and mostly spinning its wheels. but i'd like to see a little movement next episode, please. hell, at least let us see what the cylons are up to!lost: another returning show i'm thrilled about. the two-hour premiere was packed with action and dizzying revelations. the island is skipping around in time? neat. sayid kicks a bunch of ass? super. sun totally rubs kate's face in the fact that she basically let jin die? cold. ana-lucia appears to hurley, and lets him know "libby says hi"? whoa. there were a couple of bits that i didn't even understand until doing some internet research. i had forgotten about miles' ability to see/hear ghosts, so i didn't initially get how he found the dead boar in the jungle. and i didn't recognize ms. hawking, played by fionnula flanagan; i had forgotten her original appearance, when she laid out desmond's destiny for him in season 3. i assumed she was faraday's mother when she appeared at the end of the episode, talking to ben. (and who knows, maybe she is.) but, despite all the cool things that happened, i was slightly disappointed. there was forward momentum, there were great character moments. i just never really felt utterly blown away, as i always am following lost premieres and finales. i think my expectations were a bit high, because really, these were two great hours of television. i'm being greedy, asking for anything more. and yet, here we are.the united states of tara: toni collette is absolutely amazing in this new showtime series as tara, a suburban housewife with multiple personalities. (i don't even want to get into what the proper technical term for her disorder is; you know what i mean.) it's truly an incredible performance -- performances. she's utterly different as each personality she inhabits; her facial expressions, the cadence of her speech, her walk and body language. it's more than enough to make up for the several forcibly quirky diablo cody-isms peppered throughout the script (collette can even sell a line as absurd as "i hate you for not fucking me" with an immature pout and a petulant exit). i loved cody's juno, but her dialogue can definitely be a hindrance to connecting with her characters. to her credit, both in that film and on this show, her characters are strong enough to transcend the occasional gibberish line, and to sell their emotional reality. what i especially love about tara, beyond collette, is the way her family accepts and supports her, even when they're frightened or confused by her (especially her "buck" persona, a belligerent redneck who derides tara's son with homophobic name-calling, yet also leads a standing ovation for tara's daughter's ballet recital). it's a compelling familial dynamic, one not often seen on tv, where even in family sitcoms the characters do nothing but sling put-downs back and forth. tara's family is completely messed-up, yet fully functional. i loved the first episode of this show, and can't wait for the new episode tomorrow.labels: bsg, lost, showtime, tv



posted by tom the dog @ 10:59 am  

 | 






thursday, january 22, 2009



	 hottie or nottie?
    


i think we all know which side i take in the big debate on the office tonight:hot.labels: ooma, the office



posted by tom the dog @ 10:53 pm  

 | 






wednesday, january 21, 2009



	 everything's fixed now, right?
    


the two lines that stood out as perhaps most significant in obama's inaugural address (emphasis mine):1. "we will restore science to its rightful place, and wield technology's wonders to raise health care's quality and lower its cost."i adored how a majority of the speech was a big "screw you" to dubya (who, as jon stewart pointed out to obama on the daily show, is "sitting right behind you!"). but above rejecting bush's partisan politics, the politics of fear, the exclusive favoring of the wealthy, and the explicit authorization of torture we suffered under bush's dictatorship... above even all that, i was made hopeful by the idea of a president and his administration once again embracing science over religious dogma. intelligent design is not science, folks. it's bullshit. as is willful ignorance in the face of global warming. as is banning stem cell research. you get the idea. yay, science!2. "we are a nation of christians and muslims, jews and hindus — and non-believers."is this the first time a standing president has even acknowledged atheism/agnosticism in a public address, let alone embraced atheists/agnostics as an important part of the american fabric? jaw-dropping. now, if he'd only stop peppering phrases like "god-given promise" and "god calls on us" and "god's grace" throughout his speeches... though i suppose i shouldn't hold my breath for that.labels: dubya, obama, religion



posted by tom the dog @ 7:08 pm  

 | 






tuesday, january 20, 2009



	 congratulations! now get working!
    


and... zero.i almost forgot what being proud of my country feels like, and i had completely forgotten what it's like to have confidence in a president. today is the most hopeful day for america in the 21st century thus far. and, with one gigantic, eight-year mistake rectified, and so many, many others hopefully soon to be addressed, it can only get better.a toast: here's to a new day.labels: the final countdown, the new beginning



posted by tom the dog @ 9:00 am  

 | 






monday, january 19, 2009



	 grimjack: "blood sport"
    


it's been a while since my last grimjack update. and i know how much you all have been missing them. not a day goes by that i don't receive three or four hundred emails demanding the return of this incredibly popular feature. well, your wait is over, you lucky ducks! cover date: september, 1984. written by john ostrander, drawn by timothy truman. from grimjack #2, this is the 20-page story, "blood sport."we begin our tale, as we so often do, in munden's bar, with john gaunt getting good and liquored up, in the company of the equally liquored-up watchlizard bob.an adorable little urchin braves the dangers of munden's to track down gaunt and enlist his aid.in issue #1, we saw the harder side of john gaunt -- the cruel streak that feeds his loneliness and drives people away. here, we get a look at his softer side, as the kid's sorry tale (and meager funds) win him over.the child is seth bailer, and his family is in a bad way. his mother is sick, and his father has lost his job. they've had to relocate to the pit to scrape by. and the pit, as you'll recall, is not a nice place (click to biggie size):i love that double-page panel. truman packs a lot of grime and despair in there. (and ostrander makes first mention of john's brothers, nick, jake and joe.) he also throws in a few little jokes. here's a street sign/personal greeting:here's a shout-out to matt feazell, master of the stick figure:and here, next to graffiti reading "howlin' wolf lives!" is what seems to be the first appearance of feetus, gaunt's most reliable informant in the pit. kind of his huggy bear. we'll get to know him better in issue #7.anyway, gaunt pays a visit to seth's mom, who fills him in a bit more on why seth came looking for him: seth's dad, doug, has left to do something foolish, and most likely fatal.doug is no fighter, and in a match like this, he's likely to get killed. the situation brings up some unpleasant memories for gaunt.gaunt did not have a good childhood, is the point he's trying to make here, i think. we'll eventually learn that his aforementioned brothers had a lot to do with his misery. and we first hear about the dancer, the greatest fighter in the history of the arena. grimjack only rated as number two.also, notice the picture of bruce lee on the flyer, with the text, "kato vs. butcherboy." man, if kato didn't beat butcherboy, doug is screwed.gaunt treks to the deepest, nastiest part of the pit to locate the blood sport matches. and he gets a big surprise when he finally arrives -- the ringmaster is mac cabre, right hand man to the dancer during his ill-fated rebellion, and a man who should be dead.gaunt intercepts doug just before he's about to enter the ring, and takes his place. click to enlarge:not sure why butcherboy is a different color here than on the cover, but once you accept an eight foot genetic mutant with giant nipple rings, i guess color is irrelevant.gaunt spends the next three pages getting his ass thoroughly kicked. names from the arena float into his mind as he reels: blacjacmac, the dancer, the wolfpack, uncle willy. we'll discover more about those names in due time.just as butcherboy is about to deliver the killing blow, gaunt turns the tables as he so often does: he fights dirty."gertch!" indeed. with gaunt back in control, he delivers an ultimatum to mac cabre."your choice." classic gaunt.mac cabre caves, and pays up. and he lets gaunt know that he's not the only one who should be dead that's still alive and kicking: the dancer is back.gaunt walks doug back home, and settles up with him, again revealing his soft heart:but gaunt is troubled by dancer's return, and puzzled by his motivations: why the blood sport matches? what was he planning? maybe we'll get some clues next issue. for now, we take our leave of grimjack for the week.oh, but not before a final phone call to good buddy blacjacmac:dun dun dunnnn!!labels: first comics, grimjack, john ostrander, timothy truman



posted by tom the dog @ 11:51 am  

 | 









	 i
    


labels: the final countdown



posted by tom the dog @ 9:00 am  

 | 






sunday, january 18, 2009



	 sidebar update, '09 style!
    


it's the first sidebar update of '09, on the cusp of a new and brighter era. love it!the current object of my affection is rosario dawson. that's right: rosario dawson! i'm calling her my own! as she is apparently the official object of affection of every hetero male on the internet (and a significant number of females as well), i fully expect war over this declaration. bring it, bitches! she's mine!!i am now reading david foster wallace's consider the lobster, having finished david foster wallace's infinite jest. i sense a pattern. if you are curious about dfw and are a bit intimidated by a 1,000+ page novel, you should probably take a shot at lobster. it's a fantastic collection of essays, featuring the full array of dfw's literary quirks (primarily multiple footnotes). and the first essay is all about the adult video news awards, which is awesome.watching the second season of venture bros. on dvd, having recently completed the first season. this is one of the smartest, weirdest, funniest cartoons ever created. even if you don't like cartoons, i suspect you might like this one, if only for its clever references to a vast array of pop culture (for example, david bowie and iggy pop are significant characters in the final two episodes).listening to r.e.m.'s automatic for the people. aside from it being a flat-out incredible album, i will always have a particular personal fondness for automatic due to its serving as my european soundtrack. over christmas/new year's 1992-93, i spent a month in europe, visiting my sister (who was spending a year studying abroad in barcelona). i went to ireland, geneva, paris, brussels, amsterdam, berlin, and much more, with automatic as almost the only music i listened to on my walkman; it eventually became inextricably linked to europe in my mind. (though the night club in brussels, in which the entire bar sang along to ice-t's "cop killer" on the radio, was another peculiar musical highlight.) i haven't owned the cd for ages now, and when amazon offered the album as an mp3 download for only $1.99 yesterday, i jumped at the chance to own it again. it makes me very happy (even while listening to "everybody hurts").hating: dubya. still. less than 48 hours left!and the lyric of the moment is one final illustration of the failure of the bush years, from "everybody wants to rule the world," by tears for fears. don't let the door hit you in the ass, 43.labels: dubya, infinite jest, ooma, r.e.m.



posted by tom the dog @ 1:55 pm  

 | 









	 ii
    


labels: the final countdown



posted by tom the dog @ 9:00 am  

 | 






saturday, january 17, 2009



	 part hope. part change. all cop.
    


i promise this is the last one for tonight.labels: obama, robocop



posted by tom the dog @ 9:38 pm  

 | 









	 hope works here. change works there. swords work everywhere.
    


one more grimjack picture, courtesy of obamiconme:i would've voted for him.labels: grimjack



posted by tom the dog @ 9:09 pm  

 | 









	 guns work here. magic works there. sketches work everywhere.
    


courtesy of johnny bacardi, who recently took requests for a sketch meme on his blog, here is the finished product of my request: grimjack (of course!).very, very cool. thanks, jb!labels: grimjack, links, meme



posted by tom the dog @ 8:34 pm  

 | 









	 iii
    


labels: the final countdown



posted by tom the dog @ 9:00 am  

 | 











about me

name:  tom the dog 
location:  austin, texas, united states 
"i have as much authority as the pope, i just don't have as many people who believe it."
"i'm completely in favor of the separation of church and state. my idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death."
"think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that."
"the only good thing ever to come out of religion was the music."
"i don't have pet peeves, i have major psychotic fucking hatreds!"
"i think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately."
--george carlin
view my complete profile



previous posts

closing time
this is not an update
you're the great one, i'm marty mcsorley
tv update: 3 season premieres
hottie or nottie?
everything's fixed now, right?
congratulations! now get working!
grimjack: "blood sport"
i
sidebar update, '09 style!



follow tomthedog at http://twitter.com



current object of my affection


rosario dawson
ooma archive


current substitutes for love
reading

watching

listening

hating

dubya: hall of shame


lyric of the moment
i can't stand this indecision
married with a lack of vision
tears for fears, "everybody wants to rule the world"




links
email
tomthedog [at] gmail [dot] com
that oughta fool the spammers!



tom's 1 vs. 100 saga
part 1 1st audition teaser
part 2 1st audition
part 3 2nd audition teaser
part 4 2nd audition
part 5 i get the call
part 6 the taping process; about the show
part 7 i'm in the mob!
part 8 post-game report
part 9 i'm in the av club!
part 10 second episode post-game report, part 1
part 11 third episode post-game report, part 1
part 12 second and third episodes, part the last


2007
unfair previews
nbc abc cbs the cw fox
tom's fall 2007 tv season reviews
final wrap-up
2006
unfair previews
nbc abc cbs fox & the cw
tom's fall 2006 tv season reviews
2005
unfair previews
abc & nbc cbs fox wb & upn
tom's fall 2005 tv season reviews
final wrap-up


minute-by-minute at...
the 2004 emmys pre-show
the 2004 emmys ceremony
the 2005 golden globes pre-show
the 2005 golden globes ceremony
the 2005 oscars pre-show
the 2005 oscars ceremony
the 2005 emmys 1 2 3 4
the 2006 golden globes pre-show
the 2006 golden globes ceremony
(featuring ian brill and silver batman!)
the 2006 oscars pre-show
the 2006 oscars ceremony
the 2006 emmys pre-show
the 2006 emmys ceremony
the 2007 golden globes ceremony
the 2007 oscars pre-show
the 2007 oscars ceremony
the 2007 emmys ceremony


abecedarian fun
awesome stuff a to z: 1
awesome stuff a to z: 2
awesome albums a to z
objects of my affection a to z




my damn myspace page




my comedy/horror blog
zombie eat brains
zombie tom
listed on the horrorblog update page:
where the monsters go



associated comics and pop culture webloggers of ventura county, ca and outlying environs
active soldiers
brill building
ian brill
postmodern barney
dorian wright
progressive ruin
mike sterling
you know what i like?
tom the dog
inactive reserves
batfatty
james phillips
captain corey
corey beckner
the feminine miss geek
tellura
flesh-head's treehouse of random goodness
sean
kid chris
kid chris
tales from treasure island
nathan williams




comics blogs

the new comic weblog updates
hosted by tales from the longbox
the beat
heidi macdonald
beaucoup kevin
kevin church
big mouth types again
evan dorkin
bully says: comics oughta be fun!
bully
chaosmonkey
mark hale
chris's invincible super-blog:
classic
all-new, all-different
chris sims
the comic treadmill
h & mag
comics ate my brain
tom bondurant
the comics curmudgeon
joshua fruhlinger
comics should be good
a bunch of dudes
comics waiting room
marc mason
comics worth reading
johanna draper carlson
dave's long box
david campbell
fred sez
fred hembeck
house of the ded
logan
the howling curmudgeons
a bunch of dudes
the hurting
tim o'neil
in sequence
teresa ortega
the international society of supervillains
a bunch of dudes
the johnny bacardi show
johnny b
jog - the blog
jog
lady, that's my skull
sleestak
near-mint heroes
shane bailey
neilalien
neil alien
of course, yeah!
spencer carnage
polite dissent
scott
precocious curmudgeon
david welsh
ringwood
ken lowery
the savage critic(s)
brian hibbs, jeff lester, graeme mcmillan
suspension of disbelief
a bunch of dudes
yet another comics blog
dave carter



assorted pop culture blogs

armagideon time
andrew weiss
attentiondeficitdisorderly too flat
sean collins
the av club blog
members of the av club
the av club
the onion
the baboon bellows
richard marcej
blog this, pal!
gordon dymowski
candy cigarettes
keith phipps
confessions of a trivial mind
ken jennings
crocodile caucus
lyle masaki
dave ex machina
dave lartigue
delenda est carthago
greg burgas
distorting the medium
chris puzak
electronic cerebrectomy
samuraifrog
the evil petting zoo
justin cognito
final girl
stacie ponder
go fug yourself
heather & jessica
good evening
john hodgman
hooray for captain spaulding
daniel frank
lefty brown's corner
chris "lefty" brown
news from me
mark evanier
pop culture gadabout
bill sherman
ramblin' with roger
roger owen green
rex parker does the nyt crossword puzzle
rex parker
rob's blog o' stuff
robb
slowly going bald
dan carlson
the society for the advancement of dave
dave campbell
the sock drawer
woody
spatula forum
nik dirga
stuff running 'round my head
jeff
tosy and cosh
john c.
trusty plinko stick
bill doughty
various and sundry
augie de blieck, jr.
warren peace sings the blues
matt brady
the word on the street!
dr. sordid
x-ray spex
will pfeifer



tv blogs and such

the bastard machine
tim goodman
tim goodman's column
at the san francisco chronicle
by ken levine
ken levine
i like to watch
heather havrilesky at salon (subscription or free day pass required)
nat's tv
nat gertler
should've asked me
michael markowitz
slate magazine
teevee
the vidiots
television without pity

televisionary
jace
tifaux
a bunch of people
tv barn
aaron barnhart
tv club
the av club's tv blog
tv gal: column blog
amy amatangelo at zap2it
tv picks
laurel
tv squad
lots of damn people



movie blogs and so forth

roger ebert

the editing room
rod hilton
the internet movie database

ken lowery
ken lowery
monty on movies
monty ashley
netflix fan

scanners
jim emerson
screengrab
the nerve movie blog



fiction blogs (most of which appear to be abandoned now)

hulk's diary that is on the internet
the hulk
latigo flint, quickest quickdraw in the world
latigo flint
the outbreak
sean t. collins
the red skull's livejournal
the red skull
the velvet marauder
velvet marauder


various other blogs

damn hell ass kings
a whole slew of bloggers
groovy decay
robin smith



webcomics

8-bit theater
achewood
the adventures of dr. mcninja
alien loves predator
american elf
basic instructions
bob the angry flower
the book of biff
casey & andy
checkerboard nightmare
daisy owl
diesel sweeties
dinosaur comics
freefall
if you see something
irregular webcomic
jeffrey rowland:
overcompensating
wigu
when i grow up
least i could do
men in hats (no longer updating)
my stupid life
the order of the stick
penny arcade news comic
the perry bible fellowship
pictures for sad children
pvp
questionable content
registered weapon
scary go round
shortpacked!
sinfest
sluggy freelance
something positive
wondermark
xkcd



archives

june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
june 2009









 















