




welcome - hawthorn's antique audio































































homerecord salesrecord suppliesfaqretail locationcontact




















 












for sale and auction




advertising and paper items
blues
books and periodicals
books, classical
books, jazz and pop
books, reference
classical 78 rpm records
classical instrumental
classical orchestral
classical vocal
comedy & humor
country and hillbilly records
cylinder records
dance and concert band records
edison diamond disc records
foreign and ethnic records
gospel & sermons
historical and unique records
jazz 78 rpm records
jazz and rock lps
jazz, big band & swing
jazz, classic
jazz, combo
jazz, modern
jazz, piano
jazz, trad
lps and 45s
odds and ends
parts and accessories
personality & radio/tv/movie
piano rolls and literature
popular 78 rpm records
popular instrumental
popular piano
popular vocal
ragtime and novelty records
sheet music and folios
spoken word
vaudeville & minstrel
other















welcome to our web site!
we are dealers in vintage 78 rpm records, sheet music and antique phonographs.
our goal is to offer a wide selection of quality phonographs, records, sheet music and related accessories to collectors worldwide
we auction early 78's, cylinders, and other collectable records. in addition, we have a retail location in the sacramento, california area.
professional appraisals
written appraisals are available for tax, insurance or estate purposes on collections of 78 rpm records, phonographs, and related items. over 30 years of appraisal experience, references upon request.
record supplies
new heavy duty jackets and poly sleeves for 10" and 12" records, used record storage albums, sheet music covers, strobe discs and needles for wind-up phonographs.
records, phonographs & sheet music at our retail location
we have a booth stocked with records, phonographs and sheet music in the antique trove in roseville, ca, one of the largest antique malls in the sacramento, california area. you'll find a variety of 78s, 45s and lps in our retail location, with many at bargain prices. inventory is continually changing as new records are frequently added. sorry, no lists available. we are located in the antique trove, in roseville ca. the mall is open daily and features an excellent selection of general antiques. visit their website at antique trove for more information.
latest auctions
(please make sure blockers are off for this site to see items)

 
 
 view our ebay store 
 






© hawthorn's antique audio



homerecord salesrecord suppliesfaqretail locationcontact










