










specialty dental delivery systems and dental carts


















































































































































instagramfacebooklinkedinpinterestservice and parts
sales 844.880.3636 | service 800.566.9953 


about asi

about
careers with asi
asi difference
support


reviews

customer reviews


products

asi products


design center

architectural office plan
architects and designers
office planning guide
gallery
asi color selection guide


education

residency programs
asi dental articles
equipment tips
faq


purchase

how to buy
financing
government purchasing
order terms & conditions
warranty
showroom specials


contact

sales
support
feedback
careers


search




menu


menu

 






advanced endodontic systems®click here for more informationportable dental delivery systemsclick here for more informationadvanced dental systems®click here for more informationimplant & surgical dental deliveryclick here for more informationorthodontic & pediatric dental deliveryclick here for more informationpreviousnext12345

a complete line of specialized dental operatory equipment for the modern dental treatment roomexperience an open room design, patient comfort and operator efficiency for specialty dental treatment



advanced dental systems® &
advanced endodontic systems®


implant & surgical
dental delivery system


orthodontic & pediatric
dental delivery carts


portable dental
delivery systems

previousnext123


a new erapractice with asi dental operatory equipment to achieve state-of-the-art specialty dental offices with spacious modern dental treatment rooms. our modular panel design allows the dental delivery system to be custom configured with the instrument types you desire. not only do the modular panels allows you to stay on track with advancing techniques and evolving instrumentation, but they also permit on site replacement and upgradeability of each instrument. invest in technology that is customizable with flexible designs to meet different treatment room requirements, delivery styles and ambidextrous needs.

boundless practice locations with spacious treatment roomsasi’s advanced dental equipment is designed for dental projects of any scale, specialty, and physical location. our total solution opens up new doors for startup opportunities in extraordinary areas. create different ways to setup your dental treatment room with our space-saving designs that you won’t find with traditional side and rear dental cabinetry.

do more with less effortat asi, we focus on adapting our dental operatory equipment to you and your ability to perform advanced specialty dental procedures the way you want – with ease and with quick, convenient access to the dental equipment you need. we also care about your comfort. our momentum brand dental seating solutions and modular dental delivery systems are custom configured for the dental team, so you can practice dentistry ergonomically and conveniently.

simplify connections and installation for dental equipmentsimplified methods of utility connections can make construction of a dental office contractor-friendly and landlord-friendly. it can reduce build out costs while opening up the possibilities of site selection. asi’s cart based dental delivery equipment, coupled with our utility connection dental j-box housings, make installation of equipment simple and easy – even for non-dental technicians. simply roll carts into position and connect the umbilical to one of asi’s unique dental equipment utility connection boxes that house your plumbing, electrical and data cabling. furthermore, asi’s plumb free portable dental equipment does not require installation and only needs to be plugged into an electrical outlet.

match your budget to your practice phasewith asi’s simplified installation you can easily start your setup with as little as one room. as your practice grows, simply add the additional operatories as you need them. in today’s competitive environment, it makes sense to be able to financially scale the expansion of your practice to match patient receipts.  for further planning information see “how to plan your dental room setups and office build-out” or contact us today.








a complete line of mobile dental carts and dental delivery systems for the modern dental treatment room

advanced dental delivery systemasi’s advanced dental system® and advanced endodontic system® series of dental delivery systems feature instrument integration custom configured to the specialty treatment requirements for our customers. instruments can include electric high speed, endodontic and implant motors along with ultrasonic systems, obturation and curing lights. computer equipment can be optionally mounted to the dental cart. these specialized dental instruments are consolidated and integrated into our dental mobile carts with a single foot pedal to control them, removing clutter and confusion from your workspace.

rear wall dental delivery system solutionsasi dental’s various models of rear dental delivery systems serve both dentists and assistants in the dental clinic. full functioning mobile dental treatment cabinets or dental assistant carts can meet either single operator or ambidextrous requirements. asi’s cart-based delivery systems provide a modern and flexible dental operatory layout that can more readily adjust to patients, treatment procedures, and your dental team versus outdated bulky fixed dental cabinets. the modular design of our dental delivery carts can be more cost-effective than traditional dental cabinets and provide more time-efficient procedures.

enhanced patient experienceachieve a minimalist dental office design by not only removing clutter but keeping the delivery arms and computer monitors off and away from the dental chair to alleviate patient anxiety and feelings of being trapped. utility management of a mobile dental delivery unit can be accomplished with in wall junction boxes to the side of the room or in floor junction boxes beneath the front of the dental chair. this allows the carts to be moved away into the corner of the room and then brought in for treatment after the patient is fully reclined.

plumb free mobile/portable dental delivery cartsasi dental specialties has been a leader in the design of self-contained dental delivery carts. these revolutionary carts provide unique advantages for dentists and their practices. the asi triton series is an advancement in self-contained dental delivery that features very quiet operation and powerful suction within an aesthetically pleasing system. these units feature an internal air compressor, vacuum system, and clean water supply and only require a standard electrical outlet for operation. easily locate in ideal locations without having to trench concrete or worry about specialized plumbing and landlord approvals.
should you decide to relocate your practice, asi advanced dental systems® can be easily disconnected from any utility connections and reconnected in your new space.

standard features and optional product linesall asi dental delivery carts come with a self-contained water supply, which includes a full year of water line treatment disinfection. see our other accessory products including asi’s ergonomic momentum dental stools and endodontic procedure carts.

made in the usaasi manufactured dental equipment and components are produced locally in the u.s. to allow better design and quality control of materials and fabrication.

photo gallery of dental treatment roomsview our main dental office gallery of specialist dental offices using asi dental delivery systems to create a modern minimalist look for their dental suite. for plumb free dental office designs, see our sub gallery.





contact us today!see the asi difference



contact
phone: 303.407.6073
toll free: 844.880.3636
8811 american way, suite 130
englewood, co 80112
hours of operation
monday – thursday
7:30 am – 4:30 pm
(mountain time)
friday
7:30 am – 12:00 pm
(mountain time)
quick links
advanced dental systems® & advanced endodontic systems®
triton portable dental delivery systems
orthodontic & pediatric dental delivery systems
implant & surgical dental delivery systems
asi support & parts
asisupport.com
phone: 303.407.6072
toll free: 800.566.9953

  


copyright © 2025 asi dental. all rights reserved.  |  visa    mastercard    amex    discover - powered by enfold wordpress theme
instagramfacebooklinkedinpinterestcontact
privacy policy
order terms
website terms
faq







scroll to top




































































