


tatiana.info -- a fan site about the latina singer and tv star




























news/info


music


tv & video


pictures


neat stuff!




conjugate a spanish verb:
 









a
dan tobias
production

















tatiana.info
a fan site about tatiana,
the latina singer and tv star



english   |   español


since the 1980s, tatiana has been a singing star in latin america.
now she is a highly popular entertainer and tv host.  this site
has lots of information about her.





tatiana greets her fans in an exclusive video!

see video


"tatiana es con o sin estrellas, porque las estrellas las llevo 
en el corazón... tatiana no es un objeto, ni un producto, ni un 
logotipo... porque la voz la traigo puesta... y tatiana soy yo."
"tatiana is tatiana with or without stars, because the stars are 
in my heart... tatiana is not an object, nor a product, nor a 
logo... because i am the voice... and i am tatiana."
(from a summer 2001 tv interview)


note from tatiana!





(click on note for bigger version)








welcome! this is a fan site about the talented
latina singer and children's tv host, tatiana.  it started out in
english because that's the language the site founder knows, but a
spanish translation has been completed
now for most pages.  if you're new to this site, check out
the introduction first. (note: 
pictures of the people responsible for this site are on that page!)


if you're a windows user, get the tatiana themes and
screensaver!  and be sure to check out our subsite,
fans.tatiana.info, with
pictures submitted by fans!








tatiana news & info
news and facts about tatiana.
news | links
newsletter









tatiana's music
information on all of her albums.
now with mp3 samples!
concert review (pdf)









tv & video
information about her television and movie appearances and videotapes.
online videos









pictures
most of these are supplied by tatiana herself!
last updated 25 oct 2011: see newest pictures!









neat stuff!
free tatiana desktop themes and screensaver for windows!
also: 3-d rotating cubes!








tatiana oficial on facebook






 


this page was first created 23 aug 2000, and last modified 14 mar 2018.
this page is not an official site of tatiana or her management, producers,
tv networks, or record companies; it is an independent fan site.
tatiana's official site is at www.tatiana.tv.
all contents copyrighted by their respective creators or contributors or © 2000-2018 daniel r. tobias.
the "tatiana" logo and other trademarks used in this site are property of their respective owners.




feedback@tatiana.info

 









