





  










around antigua – travel guide to antigua guatemala
































 







×



home
hotels
privacy policy
 











english
español





skip to main content



 


 
 







home
hotels
tours
antigua guatemala blog
contact us
 



nav 







 

















 





 










antigua guatemala travel guide 



welcome to antigua guatemala. ‘around antigua’ is the tourist guide antigua guatemala’s most visited online, including listings of some of the best hotels in antigua guatemala, spanish schools to help the tourists durig the visit in this beautiful colonial city, also have a list of restaurants, stores, travel agencies and tour operators, cultural and activities in antigua guatemala information.




  





















































hotels
tours
hot springs
lake atitlán
our blog


hotels
view the listing of the best hotels in antigua guatemala. search by preferences, see the pictures and information of each hotel in antigua guatemala and don’t miss the opportunity to reserve today.find your best lodging option in guatemala and be sure tu enjoy you stay while you visit this beatiful country.
tours
view the listing of the best things to do in antigua guatemala. search by preferences, see the pictures and information for each activity in antigua guatemala and don’t miss the opportunity to reserve today.find the best tours in antigua guatemala. discover the beautiful places guatemala has to offer 
hot springs
if you want to have a relax and you are visiting antigua guatemala, santa teresita hotel and thermal spa is definitely for you. enjoy the great benefits of the thermal waters.at santa teresita hotel and thermal spa you can also enjoy our services such as pools, thermal circuit, steam baths, massages and treatments. this spa also features arestaurant with national and international food, called restaurant st. 
lake atitlán
if you are looking to visit lake atitlán only for a day, our boat ride tour in lake atitlán is a good choice for you. you will have plenty of time to enjoy one of the most beautiful lakes in the world, besides visiting the 3 villages: san juan la laguna, san pedro la laguna and santiago atitlán. the meaning of the word atitlán derives etymologically from the náhuatl language that menas “between the waters”, you will love this tour!.
our blog
find important information about antigua guatemala and the city of guatemala. find great articles where you can learn more about this beautiful country and i’ts people. learn about the culture, the traditions and all the information about the places you can visit while you are staying here. there are many things to do in guatemala you can enjoy. 






























top 3: best selling tours in antigua guatemala   





















pacaya volcano and thermal waters spa tour 





 





pacaya volcano tour is a great choice for you. if you are looking for great things to do in antigua guatemala. after an exciting volcano hike, have a relaxing time at santa teresita thermal waters and kawilal spa near antigua guatemala.







click here













boat ride tour visiting three towns in lake atitlán 





 





if you are looking to visit lake atitlán only for a day, our boat ride tour in lake atitlán is a good choice for you. you will have plenty of time to enjoy one of the most beautiful lakes in the world, besides visiting the 3 villages. book this tour now with us.







click here













coffee tour in a coffee plantation in antigua 





 





in this coffee tour in antigua guatemala you will learn all about coffee grooves, coffee plantation and all the interesting facts of your favorite beverage. how coffee is grown, the plantation and the history of coffee in guatemala. 







click here
































about antigua guatemala "find the best information about antigua guatemala for  your travel" 















churches and convents 




 




churches, ruins and convents of antigua guatemala 



everywhere you go you can find historical churches and monuments. remembering the past and the people that built those places of beautiful architecture.​







click here













local costumes 




 




colorful local costumes of guatemala and antigua guatemala 



if you visit antigua guatemala you will see people wearing amazing clothes with so many details, that you can spend lots of time admiring those colors and figures.​







click here













guatemalan handicrafts 




 




guatemalan handicrafts and souvenirs in antigua guatemala 



guatemala has an overwhelming variety of handicrafts—most especially weavings and fabrics from the highlands in a rainbow of colors.​







click here






































travel galleries guatemala 





 











our tours 





 

















 
 

 







search





 










hotels
things to do
restaurants
schools
rentals
stores
services




travel
about antigua
antigua today!
antigua guatemala map
classified ads
photo gallery
virtual tours




terms of use
privacy policy
faq




about us
advertise with us












 av. puente la gloria, riveras del río michatoya,
                                interior santa teresita								
                                pbx: (502) 6644-0999
								us phone number
								407-371-3039
								info@aroundantigua.com







proudly powered by wordpress  
 
 
 



















