







home - molly brown house museum











































 




skip to content
















  


search for:








homeabout usabout molly brownexplore the collectionjobs & opportunitiesvisit ushours & pricesschool toursaccessibilityeventsexhibitsonline storelearn with usschool programshomeschool daysgirl scout programsadult programsaccess programsat home resourcesbetween the lionssupport usvolunteersbook online now! 


search for:








homeabout usabout molly brownexplore the collectionjobs & opportunitiesvisit ushours & pricesschool toursaccessibilityeventsexhibitsonline storelearn with usschool programshomeschool daysgirl scout programsadult programsaccess programsat home resourcesbetween the lionssupport usvolunteersbook online now!











homekim popetz2025-02-11t11:12:17-07:00 
welcome to the molly brown house museum
book museum tickets now!book denver walking tour tickets now!faq pageupcoming eventstea eventsgroup experiences (10 or more)general hours
tuesday – sunday, 10am – 5pm*
thursdays, the museum is open until 7pm*
*last entry into the museum is 1 hour prior to museum closing
margaret brown may be best known as a survivor of the titanic, but she was so much more. hear her incredible story as you tour her home with one of our knowledgeable guides. learn about her family and the integral roles they played in her life, most especially that of husband j.j. brown. mother, wife, philanthropist, suffragist, actress–margaret brown’s story is so much bigger than anything you’ve seen in the movies.
exhibit lecture with dustin keirnsthe molly brown house museum is featuring a selection of the brown family’s collection of colorado landscape photos next to awe-inspiring works by colorado photographer, dustin keirns, this winter and spring. join dustin for a chance to learn about his exhibit and photography on march 7 for this free lecture. exhibit lecturebehind the scenes with the curator: truth about brown family goldjoin the curator at the molly brown house museum for a special behind-the-scenes experience looking into the truth and myth about the brown family wealth. through source documents, we can get a truthful look into the family’s money.ticketstitanic tea at the molly brown house museumour next tea event is on april 12 at the molly brown house museum. explore the historic home of titanic survivor margaret “molly” brown then enjoy a high tea with fruit, scones, tea sandwiches, desserts, and margaret’s favorite blend of tea.titanic teanew titanic exhibit at the molly brown house museum!
historic denver invites you to explore a new titanic exhibit at the molly brown house museum! on display through december 31, 2024, “american dreams” features a look at the massive emigration to america taking place in 1912 and the way titanic’s protocol affected the fate of immigrant families. you’ll also learn about margaret brown’s feelings toward the “aristocrats” who refused to help her raise money for the immigrant survivors, and how she was dubbed “heroine of the titanic” for these activities.
just in time for the unsinkable heroine of the titanic – margaret “molly” brown’s birthday – discover new titanic stories at the molly brown house museum. “american dreams” is free with your museum admission ticket!
restoration of the
molly brown house museum
on december 11, 1970, historic denver, inc. was formed in a grass roots effort to save the house of lions from demolition. through several phases of restoration the house has been restored to its original splendor. we encourage you to visit the museum to lend your support, see the restoration work first-hand, and learn about denver’s own unsinkable margaret brown.
read more



 
 





molly brown quick links 
historic denver

discover denver

denver story trek

walking tours

 

contact us 1340 pennsylvania street
denver, colorado 80203
(303) 832-4092  send a message








 

our sponsors     
    
 

 
 
 





		© copyright  -  molly brown house museum   |   website by  neon web studio   |   all rights reserved	



 
 
 
 


 
 
























































































go to top




