

  



 - american heroes air show






















































menu


 home page
 event locations
 submit photos
 trading cards
 youtube videos
 volunteer
 

follow us!


contact us 

jd paules / heroes air show
(818) 631-8132
info@heroes-airshow.com



 






























































upcoming events

detailslos angeles, california
november 16, 2024cancelled
saturday, october 19, 2024
late friday, october 11th, we received a call from the los angeles recreation & parks team whom we’ve been working with on plans/permits for the american heroes air show scheduled for november 16, 2024 at the hansen dam sports complex. 
over the course of the brief call,  i was informed by rec & parks that the u.s. army corps. of engineers was demanding for the first time that a formal environmental assessment be completed for our event.  at 4 pm, rec & parks emailed us a list of environmental assessment firms they suggested we contact.  
upon communicating with several of the recommended environmental assessment firms provided by rec. & parks, we were informed that none of them could schedule and complete the ea in time for our nov 16 event date.  quotes on pricing for an initial ea ranged from $18,000 to $68,000. 
over the course of the last week, goldy and i have had several extended conversations but, given the late notice for this request, feel our forward options are extreme limited since we do not have the time or money from sponsors to have the requested ea done.   
we have concluded at this time to cancel the amercan heroes air show which was scheduled at the hansen dam sports complex for saturday, november 16th.
we extend our relentless appreciation to our many passionate volunteers, public safety organizations and military teams who have supported this admission-free community event at the hansen dam sports complex since 1996.  
jim paules
volunteer, event producer
818-631-8132
jim.paules@heroes-airshow.com 
steve goldsworthy
volunteer, event director
https://www.heroes-airshow.com  





annual event profile

still holding out for a hero, los angeles?
well, that’s not surprising given the many recent challenges and turmoil … but now the wait is over for the nation’s favorite admission-free,  helicopter-only aviation event. #caheroes
since 1996 when the american heroes air show first deployed to hansen dam sports complex in los angeles, this unique aviation experience has grown … both in scope and mission.  over the years rotary-wing enthusiasts who journeyed to los angeles to see what our event was all about returned home and worked to land the heroes air show concept in their own cities across the nation.
additionally, our mission to educate – communicate – demonstrate the dynamic capabilities of rotary-wing aviation to the public, media and community officials has widened. the heroes air show now introduces our guests to a significantly diverse group of recruiting teams from law enforcement, fire/community safety, the military and homeland security.  it is also a unique privilege at many of our events to co-host with the u.s. citizenship and immigration services a special naturalization ceremony where members of our communities spend their first day as american citizens at the american heroes air show.
we invite you to tune into our heroes air show channel on youtube for our just released countdown-ca.2022 video which profiles the upcoming date for this unique aviation experience now scheduled to return to the hansen dam sports complex. we invite you to join us and introduce your family to the heroes they can really look up to.
steve goldsworthy
volunteer – ca event director
818 652 1145 (cell)
stevegoldsworthy@gmail.com
jim paules
volunteer – executive producer
818 631 8132 (cell)
jim.paules@heroes-airshow.com
go to our los angeles event page for more updates on this event.






our history
first presented in 1993 at the santa monica airport, the american heroes air show has grown to become the nation’s premier, helicopter–only, admission-free aviation event designed to educate the public, media and community officials about rotary-wing aviation’s diverse capabilities in law enforcement, public safety, communications, search & rescue as well as homeland security and national defense.
additional event elements include the code3 career expo featuring recruiting teams from law enforcement, public service and the military. private vendors, public service organizations, the media and local elected officials team up to highlight the finest public safety resources in the community!




we have a youtube channel!

https://www.youtube.com/@americanheroesairshow9772




citizenship ceremonies
take a look at this video and learn about how the american heroes air show plays a role in welcoming some of our newest citizens!













© 2015 american heroes air show.  all rights reserved.












