








national council of 56 clubs



























button hover effect by web-buttons.com v3.0.0














































































web button by web-buttons.com v3.0.0

















			here is the link to the new village video done by rick jackson and the artists crew at department 56 to give a behind the making of buildings and accessories at department 56.  this is an outstanding video. the stories continue with them creating and carrying them into your home to continue to tell your stories as collectors.

hope you enjoy. https://youtu.be/i1h0jmz-y7w

















the ncc has added a new position to help groups of people establish collectors clubs. click here for more information  ........  




































 
click on the image above to see more information about this associate member.
            
 













 



the ncc club connection is available to all club representatives and club members by clicking
on the club connection
			link on the left.
contact your ncc club representative for the password if you need
			it.







			this is a display the oklahoma village collectors club does every
			year at a local retirement facility.

the first display was about the size of a card table, sitting on the floor. that was 2003. we have now progressed to this 8' x 16' village on a
			raised platform with a hands-on control box that the residents can operate. by pushing one button the train will begin to travel around & thru the village. pushing the 2nd
			button sounds the train whistle. not many can walk by without stopping to make the train go a couple of times. there are 16 separate sections of 24" x 48" styrofoam.
			each year we allow any member (currently 40 members) to volunteer to make a small display on a section, not knowing how the adjoining piece will be decorated.
			the sections are numbered 1thru 16, and are placed on the platform to a matching set of numbers. the train track is then secured, houses wired, snow sprinkled, switch
			flipped, and.....we have a christmas village for the residents & families to enjoy til after the first of the year. we all agree that we get more enjoyment out of watching
			their smiles & reactions to the village than they do watching it.





 








                 if you would like to be notified of updates to this web page, please enter your email address below and click on enter








it's private



                 powered bychangedetection








visit the ncc on facebook  





index to additional articles


scrapbook


archives


 


this website has been viewed by
			 fellow collectors since 1/1/2016














 





