






strasbourg astronomical data center










































services










others


sesame name resolver
dictionary of nomenclature


contact us





help











about

the cds
coretrustseal
partners
projects
staff
contact



data publication


data access

services
tools



news

news
blog
events



help

acknowledgement
service documentation
tutorials
faq
communication
wiki (internal)






english

français




            strasbourg astronomical data center
        
the strasbourg astronomical data center (cds) is a data center dedicated to the collection and worldwide distribution of astronomical data and related information. it is located at the strasbourg astronomical observatory, france.
read more about the cds







sorry! no page matches the terms 









key numbers



20,200,343
simbad objects



                                            simbad is a database of identifications and bibliography of astronomical objects.
                                            here is the total number of objects it contains.
more about simbad




25,950
vizier catalogs



                                            vizier is a library of astronomical catalogues.
                                            here is the total number of catalogues it contains.
more about vizier




1,301
hips



                                            hips stands for hierarchical progressive survey.
                                            it is a hierarchical scheme for the description, storage and access of sky survey data.
                                            it uses the healpix tessellation of the sky.
                                            the cds uses hips to show available surveys in aladin and aladinlite.
more about aladin
more about hips




37,614
mocs



                                            moc stands for multi-order coverage map.
                                            it is a method aiming to specify arbitrary coverages for sky regions and/or
                                            time coverages and potentially other dimensions.
                                            at cds, mocs are mostly used in aladin and aladinlite to visualize a given coverage
                                            but also to discover matching surveys or data sets.
                                            the cds also provides a catalogue of mocs. this service is called moc server.
more about moc
more about moc server




445,056
biblio. references



                                            simbad is a catalogue of astronomical objects referenced in astronomical articles.
                                            here is the number of all bibliographic references used to update simbad.
more about simbad




25,791
acronyms



                                            astronomical objects are designated by object identifiers (often called object names).
                                            an acronym is used to build and describe an object identifier.
                                            the cds publishes a catalogue of acronyms called the dictionary of nomenclature. this dictionary
                                            is mostly used by simbad, vizier and sesame but can also be used by anyone to get the description
                                            of the acronym used for a given object identifier.
more about the dictionary of nomenclature











vizier 3d photometry viewer
                                



a new version of the photometry viewer,
which displays indexed photometry for a set of 




catalogs at a given position or object name (sed-like but around a position),
is now available. the 3d version adds a temporal aspect to the fluxes. all
feedback is welcome.[...]
                                

read more



20 million objects in simbad
                                



in november 2024, the number of distinct astronomical objects in simbad passed the 20 million milestone.
                                

read more



vphas dr4 h-alpha
                                



explore this eso survey with aladin.
                                

read more



new hips for planet earth
                                



explore the earth elevation with this new planetary hips.
                                

read more



a new access to simbad tap in astroquery
                                



the latest version of the python library astroquery (v0.4.7)
ships a new access to simbad tap.
the detailed documentation is on astroquery's page,
but here is a quick preview of some of the new functionalities:[...]
                                

read more



hips tutorial
                                



tutorial presented during the ov france semi-hackathon 2024, on hips creation, usage in various applications and libraries (aladin desktop, aladin lite, mocpy, ipyaladin), and cutout generation.
                                

read more



space telescope live
                                



explore what nasa’s hubble and webb space telescopes are observing.
                                

read more



a new look for the cds website
                                



the cds website has a new look and some new contents. here's a detailed description.
                                

read more



simwatch
                                



get notifications on latest references for your preferred objects.
                                

read more



cds login
                                



creating a personnal account at cds gives you access to additional resources.
                                

read more



astrobetter posts on cds and python
                                



links to katharina lutz 2020 astrobetter posts.
                                

read more






vizier 3d photometry viewer



20 million objects in simbad



vphas dr4 h-alpha



new hips for planet earth



a new access to simbad tap in astroquery



hips tutorial



space telescope live



a new look for the cds website



simwatch



cds login




news

vizier patch
catalogs recently added in vizier
new vizier version
specfind 3.0 ingested into simbad
service outage
more news







publishing data at cds the cds strongly relies on data published in various astronomical
and astrophysical journals to update databases like simbad and
vizier.
authors of these articles can help the cds team to get and publish
their data.
see the data publication page
to get some best practices and tools to help you.
accessing cds data the cds gives access to many astronomical data such as objects,
catalogues, images and spectra.
several services are available to search for and to get these data.
here are the main services:

















need more information? you can find information about the cds and its activities
in the about section.
various help material is available in the
help section of this website.
specifically about how to access data,
tutorials,
services documentations and
tools and api documentation are
available. you can also find more precise help on a specific service
on its own website, or on a specific tool in its github repository
(if any).
you might also find answers in the
frequently asked questions page.
if you still need help, do not hesitate
to send us an email.



cds on the web

































contact - legals






