







tom ahern communications










































  






























































            newsletter
          

              about
            

        work
      

              speaking
            

              books
            

            contact
          


















































































newsletteraboutworkspeakingbookscontact


















scroll






  

“tom ahern … is one of the country’s most sought-after creators of fund-raising messages.”~ the new york timesyour donor communications can make more money (promise)

 

i’ll show you how.






      
        subscribe to my instructive newsletter. it's free! 
      
    


subscribe today to my how-to fundraising newsletter. free. frank. irreverent. and yours for the asking.





              name
              
                *

as you prefer to be addressed.



first name





last name





              email
              
                *







thank you!




 







 

did you miss crucial back issues of my how-to newsletter? immediately available!  just go here.

 




 

might i help you?fundraising copywritingcases, audits, direct mail, email, newsletters, training, coaching













here’s my promise to most nonprofits, big and small: your fundraising appeals (and your other donor communications, digital and print) could quickly raise lots more money ... if you make a few simple changes.experts estimate that every year nonprofits fail to raise at least half what they could. why? basic fundraising mistakes infest their donor communications. and those comms reap predictably paltry rewards.



there are a number of common problems: confusing offers, poor readability, jargon self-indulgence, busted approval loops.the good news? it’s all easily fixable. i can fix your stuff. or you can learn to fix your stuff in-house, with some help.know this. you don’t have to be great to double your donations. you just have to be better.and you can be better. starting now. sign up for my fundraising newsletter. it’s free.

 




 









  

“tom, thank you for being a thought leader. i have been in the non-profit world for 26 years and keep threatening to retire. every time i am ready to throw in the towel, i hold back because i discover i still have more to contribute. your newsletter helps with that decision.” 

 

— mary s., director of development









  

 got a minute? learn from tom…

julie asks tom a question: “a while back you wrote about how donors can make small gifts matter in unexpected ways. small gifts do matter a lot… some day. why should smaller gifts matter to charities?”  




  

recent fundraising copywriting projects






featured

























connecticut humane society
































bow valley community college
































anchorage museum
































national parks conservation association
































training in best practices
































planned parenthood of southern new england

















  







 

clients in the past 5 years, a sampler



fundraising copywriting training in donor-centric communicationsadra (international)boys & girls clubs of americachabad on campus (us)institute for sustainable philanthropy (uk)junior achievement (us)mid-shore (md) community foundation (nonprofit capacity building locally)moceanic (global)nonprofit marketing guide (north america)rhode island foundation (nonprofit capacity building locally)the salvation army central territorysave the children globalteach for america (national)volunteers of america (national)case statementsallina health (mn)anchorage museum (ak)connecticut humane society (ct)international charter school (ri)lucile packard foundation for children’s health (stanford u.)planned parenthood of southern new england (ct, ri)waypoint adventure (ma)

 

fundraising direct mail and donor newsletterscarti cancer center (ar)friends of the mississippi riverthe marine mammal center (ca)planned parenthood of minnesotasharp healthcare (san diego)usa for unhcr (dc)donor communications auditsharlem rbi (ny)literacy volunteers of greater hartford (ct)lollypop farm (ny)native plant trust (ma)swedish medical center foundationusa for unhcr (dc)






 


let’s talk.call me in the us at 401-397-8104. 











hero banner



newsletter archive



dashboard



testimonial



win it in a minute



work



clients



secondary banner










home  /  newsletter  /  about  /  work  /  speaking  /  books  /  contact









subscribe today to tom’s how-to fundraising newsletter. free. frank. irreverent. and yours for the asking.
join thousands of other savvy fundraisers who already depend on tom’s fundraising copywriting tips and insights to boost revenue and retention. (btw, tom would love to have your first name as you prefer to be addressed—not your credit card name.)





first name



last name




email address






yes. sign me up!






thank you!



































ahern donor communicationsfundraising copywriting services | donor communications training © 2025. all rights reserved.10 johnson road • foster, ri 02825 • 401-397-8104 












