



the unexplained world














the unexplained worldwelcome to all 


this 
              site is for those who have experienced or believe in 
              "the unexplained world" of the paranormal. to share 
              your experiences and to learn what others have learned. 
 covering 
                ghosts, spirits, haunting's, psychic abilities
                and more in the chicago land area and has expanded 
                to a world wide audience, as now the web site has
                been talked about in four published paranormal books. 

plus 
                view edward shanahan's free video cyber tours 
                of historic bachelor's grove 
              cemetery, archer wood's 
              cemetery and more. a photo collection of haunted 
              locations in the chicago land area and  descriptions of the 
              haunted locations.

chicago paranormal nights to explore and experience 
haunted historic locations and every night ends with a 
seance to allow you to experience the spirits at the 
locations. you can also book your own private 
paranormal night for you and you friends at a haunted 
location
you can also experience the paranormal locations and 
                the paranormal activities at  haunted locations. wander 
                the grounds and inside buildings with the group outings 
                to haunted locations with edward shanahan and the 
                unexplained world. 

edward shanahan has also teamed up with historical
societies to bring you haunted historic locations. 

                also we run psychic readings in the chicago land area. 
                edward shanahan also does personal readings for 
                individuals and more information on the type of 
                readings and conscious channeling of your loved ones 
                who have passed away, can be found inside this site on 
                the web page for edward shanahan.
                

also listen to our radio internet broadcast of - the 
                unexplained world - and linked to on our web site here, 
              both live broadcasts and archived.
free app with gps tour of haunted archer avenue 
                tour and is yours free and can be found here. 

sending out a 
                  warm welcome to those who follow a 
                spiritual path be it christian, 
                catholic, wicca, pagan, 
                magick or other spiritual paths.
this is the creation since 2003 of  paranormal spiritual 
                observer and psychic reader: edward l. shanahan 


you will 
                find links to a whole unexplained world, where 
                the border between the natural and the supernatural will 
                be nothing any more but fuzzy. 
paranromal tv from the unexplained world is now up
			    and running 24 / 7. the links is below.
              
click on the door to enter 







edward shanahan - psychic reader web site

chicago paranormal nights
haunted historic locations - tours and experiences
paranormal tv 24/7 - from the unexplained world.
the unexplained world - internet radio show broadcast

paranormal / psychic / dates and events in chicago land area
* free app with gps tour to download - chicago haunted archer avenue tour *
m


edward is an author, article writer & online newspaper publisher for:



 
chicago paranormal and spiritual
. 
chicago now 
 chicago tribune online information site 
chicago paranormal and spiritual  
.
. haunted america tours
large web site - the name says it all 
. 
the ebooks by edward shanahan 
        published in 2011

 
taking the 
          paranormal and spiritual world seriously. 
          theories - thoughts - experiences
amazon - itunes -barnes & noble - sony
smashwords ........................................... 
my letter to god
amazon kindle (exclusive)


edward & annette's internet
radio show broadcast
newspaper online 
        the paranormal & spirit world 










 

paranormal casebook
  a free daily paranormal e-mail newsletter 
  on everything paranormal - click here to view


  the unexplained world of the paranormal, ghost and haunted locations in haunted chicago, il and spiritual beliefs
  
  to open individuals minds to the spiritual world that awaits us. from an internet radio broadcast and pod cast of 
  the unexplained world internet radio show, to haunted historic locations and ghost tours in the chicago land area 
  and beyond. this web site has many paranormal photos from the chicago land area and many are a one of kind unique 
  photos of spirits, ghosts and haunted locations taken during the day. also video / cyber tours of haunted locations 
  and some of the history behind  the paranormal locations.this is created by edward shanahan a spiritual observer, 
  psychic and channeling reader in the chicago land area and this web site and edward shanahan has been written about 
  in 3 paranormal books
. edward shanahan is also the creator of the 'circle of energy' and does demonstrations of it
at the haunted paranormal locations in the chicago area that he is involved with in the tours at the locations.


© 2003 
  - 2012 edward l. shanahan

