


home | university of exeter




























































skip to main content




for students

current students website
ele
email web access
make a payment
myexeter (student app)
library
sid
timetable
programme and module information



for staff

current staff website
ps connect portal
sid
email web access
room bookings
trent
finance helpdesk
it service desk
staff profile support and guidance
ele
srs
mi hub
rime



popular links

accommodation
alumni
contacts
graduation
job vacancies
sport
temporary workers
term dates
future leaders & innovators graduate scheme



new and returning students

new students website
returning students guide

wellbeing, inclusion and culture

wellbeing services for students
wellbeing services for staff
equality, diversity and inclusion













search all
 













quick links 

global links 



 study 



study 

choose exeter
our campuses
student life
careers
international students
ask a current student




undergraduate 

courses
open days
prospectus




masters 

courses
online study
open days
prospectus




phd 

research topics
fees and funding
how to apply
open days




teacher training 

primary pgce
secondary pgce
open days




degree apprenticeships 

programmes
employers
aspiring apprentices







 research 




our world-leading research 

our research is changing the world - making it greener, healthier and fairer.





phds and research degrees  

we are committed to nurturing talent and encouraging new ideas, making exeter a great place to pursue postgraduate research.





exeter innovation 


exeter innovation is a partner for transformative innovation. we harness the world leading research and education of the university of exeter to create real and lasting impact, by working with organisations of all types and sizes on their innovation journey.
 





for business
 global 



global exeter 

global partnerships
international students
study abroad
international summer school
pre-university summer school
international alumni
international news









the university of british columbia
activities between the university of british columbia and exeter include a joint research symposium focused on community, culture, creativity, and wellbeing held at exeter in may 2018 and a faculty-led, co-funded initiatives in sport, exercise and health sciences, climate change and digital humanities.


iit delhi
exeter and iit delhi combine expertise to work on issues of major importance to the uk and india; this includes enhancing sport capacity, working towards a greener future via clean energy and environment projects, and developing operations research.


tsinghua university
the university of exeter and tsinghua university have launched a jointly-awarded phd degree programme in climate and environmental sciences which supports six students to be co-supervised between tsinghua's department of earth system science and colleges at exeter that conduct research on earth systems and environmental sciences. read more.


chinese university of hong kong (cuhk)
our strategic partnership with the chinese university of hong kong (cuhk) has established the environmental sustainability and resilience (ensure) joint centre, supporting impactful research collaborations that address key sdgs and global climate challenges.


paris saclay
exeter & paris-saclay collaboratively deliver a series of double phd degree projects. the universities offer joint funding to provide tuition, living, travel and research costs, and the opportunity to obtain two phd awards from both exeter and paris-saclay.


university of geneva
to celebrate, and further extend, the strong relationship of staff within the university of exeter and the university of geneva, the two universities have launched a new seed fund to support developing research links.


university of queensland
the university of exeter and the university of queensland have partnered to establish the quex institute, a new multi-million pound partnership designed to bolster their joint global research impact. read more.


duke university
the university of exeter has extended its partnership with duke university through a new collaborative agreement to work together to tackle some of the most pressing global challenges. these are investing in health; sustainability and the environment; public policy and global security; digital worlds – approaches to data, artificial intelligence, and computational social sciences.






 the university of british columbia 
 iit delhi 
 tsinghua university 
 chinese university of hong kong (cuhk) 
 paris saclay 
 university of geneva 
 university of queensland 
 duke university 










 our departments 
 about us 



about the university 

organisation
strategies
local community
term dates
alumni and supporters
fundraising campaign
prospective staff




contact us 

general enquiries
social media
press and media

business and partnerships

exeter innovation
regional engagement
executive education
degree apprenticeships




campuses and visitors 

campuses, maps and directions
virtual tours
arts and culture
sports facilities
events and conferences
holiday accommodation
eat and shop

university of exeter, cornwall

discover the university of exeter, cornwall: world-class education in a unique coastal setting.




news 


view all news
view all events







quick links 













transform your future with postgraduate study
unlock new opportunities, advance your career, and become a part of our vibrant postgraduate community.
take your first step today and explore our courses



































search for a course






            undergraduate
        


            postgraduate taught
        


            postgraduate research
        


            degree apprenticeship
        


            online
        










find out more about studying here
postgraduate open days
undergraduate open days
request a prospectus









a new era of collaboration: establishing a pioneering branch campus in egypt.
we are breaking new ground with the announcement of a transformative partnership with ain shams university in cairo. this collaboration will establish a branch campus in egypt designed to enhance academic collaboration, expand access to world-class education, and address critical global challenges. find out more








combating antimicrobial resistance: a one health approach.
amr is a pressing global health and socioeconomic crisis that poses a significant threat to human and animal health, food production and the environment. our 'one health' approach to tackling amr is key and unites disciplines to combat amr worldwide.find out more









find a university of exeter expert
explore how our research and partnerships tackle pressing global challenges. find your next collaborator among our experts.

















evidence-based justice.
we’re combining legal expertise with insight and methods from social sciences to identify and understand sources of injustice and inform evidence-based practice and policy. find out more














top 200 in the world1


top 15 in the times and sunday times good university guide 2025 and the complete university guide 2025


exeter graduates in the uk’s top 10 for most targeted by leading employers2


we're leading the world in clean water and amongst the very best globally for climate action, life below water and responsible consumption and production3

1169th in the qs world university rankings 2025 and 172nd in the the world rankings 2025, 2 the graduate market in 2024 report by high fliers research, 3times higher education (the) impact rankings 2024







exeter’s ‘solid gold’ standard for teaching excellence amongst best in the uk 




the university is amongst an elite group of higher education institutions to be recognised as consistently providing outstanding teaching, learning and student outcomes to secure the ‘gold overall’ standard in the tef assessment.
 find out more 







news all news





























"i'm a member of the asian society, african caribbean society, and muay thai, as well as part of the committee of bipoc society and the law society. i've had jobs on and off campus, as a barista and as a student ambassador; these have helped me become familiar with exeter and make new connections in a place that feels like a home away from home."

nicole, studying llb law at our streatham campus.













"sport at exeter has been an integral part of my university experience. it is the reason why i met the majority of my friends, and the reason why i have enjoyed my time here so much. the university support for all sports clubs means that you are given the opportunity to excel, regardless of whether you are a beginner or have been playing for 10 years."


will, studying politics, philosophy and economics at our streatham campus.













"being older, you do wonder how much you'll grow as a person compared to younger students, but i'm completely different to who i was in first year, and that's thanks to the friends i've made, of all ages and from all backgrounds. also, the staff, the societies, the community. i think i'm a better person for it."


zac, studying zoology at our penryn campus.













"i had great mentors in the department who shared resources and good practice with me. i had full freedom to experiment with activities, i built professional relationships with colleagues and students alike. i thoroughly enjoyed my placement and it was truly saddening to leave. i was so grateful to have met amazing teachers who supported me in so many different ways."


yasmin, studying pgce secondary spanish at our st luke's campus.













  






connect with us
         中文网




information for:

current students
new students
staff
alumni and supporters

quick links

contact us
email
myexeter
job vacancies
library
ps connect portal
sid



campuses
streatham campus
 find us  contact 
st luke's campus
 find us  contact 
penryn campus
 find us  contact 
truro campus
 find us  contact 
















footer links 



using our site
accessibility
freedom of information
modern slavery act statement
data protection
copyright & disclaimer
privacy
site map
cookie settings



















