
renaissance costumes, medieval clothing, madrigal costumes by the tudor shoppe 

   







a company of sofis stitches by gmack designs llc





the complete costume shop for
stage, reenactment, and renaissance faire costumes!
mercy! what masquing stuff is here?!



please note  please view your shopping cart before continuing to checkout !!! !!! 










                 sign in  search wish lists  accessoriesarms & armoreconomy arms & armorbuttons & notionschains of officecloaks & capesclothing for childrenclothing for menclothing for womencoinscrowns & circletsembroidered emblemsflags & bannersfoodshats & headwearjewelrymasksmusicpatternspuppetsshoes & bootsstationerytablewaretapestriestents & pavilionstoys & gameswax sealsgift certificatesthemed collections:a tudor christmas - new!pirates of the high seas! articles & references:
renaissance costumes guide
nautical renaissance costumes
renaissance costume glossary
creating faire characters
renaissance studies
  basket contentsquantity in basket: none

we accept:











we ship directly to:







































 renaissance costumes - medieval clothing - madrigal costumes




welcome to the tudor shoppe - your premier source for renaissance clothing!
founded in 2001, the tudor shoppe provides reproduction tudor era (1485-1603) renaissance and medieval clothing and elizabethan costumes to individuals, stage productions, television shows, museums, historic sites, educational institutions, and re-enactment societies. our goal remains clear: to offer quality goods at the best price possible price.  





our most popular complete renaissance costumes:










tavern wench
innkeeper
celtic dress
steersman
kitchen wench
deluxe monk's robe












learn about renaissance costumes!
visit our articles and resources!
renaissance clothing glossary











what's new?


 tudor ornaments!
 new clothing styles!








royal tudors
tudor emblems
new men's costumes!
new women's costumes!

 

new badges!
new drinking vessels!








tudor rosebadge
order of thegarter mantlebadge
captain raleigh'stankard
glastonburygoblet






the  clothing of the renaissance era was often distinctive and elaborate. the  various european cultures were very fashion-conscious, so the costume and  attire were appropriately stylized and remarkable. in fact, the purpose of  clothing in renaissance times was to make a statement or establish one’s social  status.
the  standard image most people conjure when imagining renaissance costume is clothing  worn by the upper class. style was a function of status, so both men and women  chose attire that stood out, particularly for formal affairs. the purpose of  renaissance formalwear was much the same as today: to celebrate a special  occasion or dress appropriately for an official function. a modern wedding, for  example, causes attendees to wear clothing that they don’t wear on a daily  basis.
in  the same way, renaissance men and women wore their most visually striking  outfits when the need arose. most of the examples of this type of clothing come  from paintings and the descriptions of writers, but those sources aren’t  necessarily comprehensive. after all, artists and historians don’t typically go  into great detail when describing the lives and particulars of the lower  classes. the restrictive and uncomfortable clothing of our imaginations, then,  likely were only used as formal costumes for the nobility.
would you wear an evening gown or tuxedo every day? of  course not. when they were not 'in the spotlight', the people of the  renaissance wore clothing that was just as comfortable as jeans and a t-shirt  are to modern folk. then, as today, those in the renaissance that set the style  of costume were those at the top of the social scale, and those styles, to some  extent, filtered down to the ordinary people like shopkeepers, merchants and  even to a lesser extent, peasants.
the  day-to-day clothing of renaissance men and women were dictated by socioeconomic  status; the lower in class a person was, the less likely he was to wear a  “costume”. corsets, for instance, were almost  always worn by women in the aristocracy, but a merchant’s wife might only wear  a heavily boned bodice that allowed her to move more  freely. a peasant woman, in contrast, would only have worn a plain boned bodice, forgoing a corset completely. 
during  the renaissance, clothing choices were often a clear mark of social strata. the  types of fabric used and even the amount of clothing were indicative of class  and wealth. a peasant woman might have a bodice, multiple blouses, 3-4 skirts, smallclothes (underthings) and a cap. when she ventured outside, she  would probably wear 2 skirts; in addition to keeping her warm, wearing multiple  skirts could ensure that they wouldn’t be stolen.
a  noblewoman, by contrast, would likely have smallclothes, a hoop or farthingale, a chemise, a corset, a bum roll, an underskirt, an overskirt or gown, a snood, or a hat or a hood. the clothing was designed to project  an image of wealth and sophistication, and even the basic underskirt would have  been made with more expensive fabric in the visible parts. additionally, these  noblewomen would have carried a variety of accessories like jewelry,  miniatures, pomanders, belts, purses, or pouches. the nature of the garments is  that they were lavish, decorative, and sometimes even interchangeable. the  gowns and bodices, for instance, occasionally had substitutable front pieces or  busks; the variations allowed for more looks and wardrobe possibilities. with  so many components, the complex outfits could weigh up to 40 pounds. 
the tudor shoppe carries renaissance costume for  all levels of society and walks of life, from the basic wench  skirts and bodice,  to pirate  gear, armor, accessories,  and renaissance clothing for both men and women.  browse our shop, and we're sure you'll find something to fit your every need!
 


about ssl certificates





 



featuredrenaissanceproducts:






costumes






chains of office






crowns &circlets






jewelry













pinterest













ordering information | returns | site map | privacy policy | contact us | vendors wanted










website design ©2022 by sofis stitches by gmack designs llc 
	all rights reserved.





 