


chiropractor springfield ma | langlitz chiropractic & massage

















2415




skip to content
request appointmentoffice hoursoffice hours   morning afternoon  m 8:00  - 12:00  1:00  - 5:00   t 8:30  - 12:00  1:00  - 6:00   w -------  t 8:00  - 12:00  1:00  - 5:00   f 8:00  - 12:00  1:00  - 5:00   s 9:00  - 12:45  -------  call (413) 732-4800  email usgoogle social buttonfacebook social buttonyelp social button


menuhomeabout us

blog


meet the team

dr. george langlitz
janine langlitz kalin, lmt
patricia langlitz, lmt


our services

chiropractic care
massage therapy

massage services
massage packages


auto accident chiropractic
whiplash
sports therapy
custom orthotics
laser therapy


new patients
reviews
contact us


langlitz chiropractic & massage
call us today (413) 732-4800
schedule an appointment



meet the team
our services
new patients
contact us



get expert chiropractic care at langlitz chiropractic & massage

at langlitz chiropractic & massage, we want to help you optimize your well-being. contact us today to book an appointment!





springfield chiropractor carries on family
tradition



since 1978, langlitz chiropractic & massage has provided patients with the best in chiropractic care and massage therapy. springfield chiropractor dr. george langlitz iii and his sister, licensed massage therapist patricia langlitz, are honored to provide the same type of hands-on care their father pioneered. we’ve been a fixture in the community for decades, and dr. george and patricia care for the children and grandchildren of some of their father’s first patients.
our unique approach is to combine chiropractic adjustments with hands-on massage therapy as an integral component of care. we strive to help patients live longer, healthier lives with the mobility to do all the things they enjoy.






chiropractic care
massage therapy
sports therapy 
auto accident chiropractic 
laser therapy 




meet the team

siblings dr. george langlitz, janine langlitz (lmt), and patricia langlitz (lmt) carry on their father's tradition of treating you like family when you visit their office. since 1978, their family practice has helped thousands of patients achieve peak well-being.
their combined expertise in chiropractic care and massage therapy allows them to determine the best approach to care for their patients and craft a holistic plan to help them be the best version of themselves.
meet the team





testimonials

my first experience with your team was exceedingly positive. think you...thank you!!!- michael d.absolutely amazing experience. i felt welcomed. i felt at ease/comfortable.
everything was thoroughly explained. i will most definitely return. highly
recommend.- christopher d.i am looking forward to this being a team effort to help me overcome the accident injuries. i feel comfortable there and everything was very nicely done.- donna m.it was very professional and made me feel very comfortable. thank you.- roberto j.very nice experience. i would recommend this practice.- dawn v.love the doctor, everyone in the office is so hospitable. actually the environment and facilities are exceptional, keep up the great work!- natalia s. both my aunt and my wife were very pleased with you, so my expectations were high. yet they were exceeded.- ken p.highly professional and was able to relieve my neck issues. - bert p.it was a great experience and we will be back! - michael b.paddy or patty gave one of the best deep tissue massages of all time :)- max g.i greatly appreciated a wonderful massage by sara.- anonymousthe personal care is what i rave about and that's why i've been coming for over a decade.- andrea b.it was my first massage and i wasn't sure what to expect. sara was most helpful and put me at ease. great job!- steve s.sports massage therapist was phenomenal!!! - bruce r.i came for a deep tissue massage and i will certainly be returning. i've been struggling with aches and pains for many years and after just my first session i can already start feeling a difference. serrina was excellent and very skilled, incredible pressure and really attentive to my concerns. i will be coming back and referring others.
- beata o.fantastic group of care giver. very nice and take the time to listen and explain treatments. - healy r.sara is wonderful!- rose c.very friendly and helpful staff, will continue to use them.- douglas p.sara was amazing! she was so friendly and made me feel welcomed. she listened to my concerns and helped my jaw feel so much better.
- francesca d.they made me feel very comfortable. everyone answered my questions and i felt like i was heard. this was my first visit so it's off to an excellent start. - susie m.great people!!!- robin p.great experience with friendly and professional staff! highly recommended!- jeff l.everything was better than i imagined. the waiting area, office space and treatment room were beautifully renovated. - patricia g.it was my first massage and i wasn't sure what to expect. sara was most helpful and put me at ease. great job!- steve s.my first visit really helped to lower the pain that i was experiencing. - jeanne f.patty, is great! she is very skilled and a pleasure to talk with.
- chris c.





we go the extra mile
from the moment you walk through the door to our victorian-era office space, you can feel our friendliness and energy. every member of our team is committed to helping you achieve your goals by proactively answering questions and solving problems with insurance or anything else. we also love to laugh, and we bring that sense of fun to our patients—after all, laughter is the best medicine (or at least one of them)!
we are proud to offer the latest cutting-edge technology, and dr. george is passionate about staying current on fitness, nutrition, and chiropractic research and developments so that he can offer our patients the best possible outcomes.
new patients

get started today
contact us today to book an appointment. we are in-network with most insurance plans.



phone: (413) 732-4800
80 sumner ave 
springfield, ma 01108
contact us >
office hours   morning afternoon  monday 8:00  - 12:00  1:00  - 5:00   tuesday 8:30  - 12:00  1:00  - 6:00   wednesday -------  thursday 8:00  - 12:00  1:00  - 5:00   friday 8:00  - 12:00  1:00  - 5:00   saturday 9:00  - 12:45  -------  call (413) 732-4800  


chiropractor springfield ma | langlitz chiropractic & massage


google icon link


facebook icon link


yelp icon link







email langlitz chiropractic & massage




comments, requests, questions, or suggestions



first name
last name




respond to me via:



email





phone





no response





email address
phone number




i agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. for more info, read disclaimer.
please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.





i consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. for more info, read our privacy policy.


leave this empty:
send message







request appointment (pending confirmation)





patient type



new patient





current patient





returning patient






first name
last name



email address
phone number



respond to me via:



email





phone





preferred day/time:


date


appointment hour

h
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12



appointment minute

m
00
15
30
45




am or pm



am





pm







comments or questions




i agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. for more info, read disclaimer.
please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.





i consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. for more info, read our privacy policy.


leave this empty:

send message








email uslanglitz chiropractic & massage
80 sumner avespringfield, ma 01108
		phone: (413) 732-4800copyrightlegalprivacyaccessibilitysitemap


chiropractic websites by perfect patients


