


maps and directions - online maps and driving directions















 
maps and directions

 



 
 


      maps and directions >
      history of maps •
      map projections















 













     maps are guides or drawings that help people locate something, find travel
     directions, or understand an area.  there are many kinds of maps
     — road maps help us find our way; topographical maps show land
     elevations; geological maps show the locations of natural resources;
     relief maps show landforms; thematic maps show patterns such as population
     density, climate, or vegetation.  topological maps show information
     without regard to correct distances or geographic attributes.
     
     maps are generally presented with the north facing upwards, the south
     facing downwards, the west facing toward the left, and the east facing
     toward the right.
     
     maps use a system of longitude and latitude.  lines of latitude run
     across the map and are called parallels.  lines of longitude, on the
     other hand, run from the north pole to the south pole and are called
     meridians.  while each latitude line is parallel to every other
     latitude line, no two lines of longitude are parallel to each other. 
     instead, lines of longitude are about 70 miles apart at the equator. 
     from there they converge progressively until they come together at the two
     poles.
     

     the equator, whose latitude is zero degrees, divides the world into the
     northern hemisphere and southern hemisphere.  in contrast, the prime
     meridian, which is at longitude zero degrees, divides the world into the
     western hemisphere and the eastern hemisphere.  the prime meridian
     is an internationally established reference line that passes from north
     to south through the royal greenwich observatory in london, england.
     
     how are lines of latitude and longitude numbered?  well, starting
     from the equator, each degree of latitude, which is represented by a line,
     is numbered to the north and to the south.  these lines go as far as
     the north pole, at 90 degrees north latitude, and the south pole, at 90
     degrees south latitude.  lines of longitude are similarly numbered,
     but eastward and westward to the 180th meridian — located on the
     opposite side of the globe from the prime meridian.
     
     when you combine latitude and longitude, you get a grid that geographers
     call a graticule.  the locations on a map are indicated by correctly
     identifying the grid coordinates on the graticule.  when naming the
     coordinates, the latitude is given first, followed by the longitude. 
     when the latitude is referenced, it must be specified whether the location
     is north or south of the equator.  similarly, when the longitude is
     referenced, it must be specified whether the location is east or west of
     the prime meridian.
     
     in recent years, several mapping algorithms have been developed to chart
     and describe the best routes to travel between geographic locations. 
     taking into account such factors as distance, speed limits, and traffic
     congestion, these sophisticated programs produce remarkably accurate
     results for popular driving directions sites such as mapquest, google
     maps, yahoo maps, and windows live local.
     
     this site, mapsanddirections.us, features a convenient directory of
     online map and driving direction resources as well as united states and
     world atlases.  the scrollable state maps show cities and towns
     as well as interstate, federal, and state highways; they can be printed
     in sections and used as travel maps.  the website also features an
     overview of map projections, including four world map examples that
     illustrate cylindrical and azimuthal projections.
     
shop for maps

maps.com
map and travel store offers wall maps, travel maps, atlases, travel guides, globes, and more!www.maps.com

rand mcnally > maps and guidebooks
this well-known map publisher offers maps, driving directions, travel store, and trip planning resources.www.randmcnally.com


online maps and driving directions

mapquest
this popular site provides online maps and driving directions, plus a road trip planning, mobile navigator, and gps solutions.www.mapquest.com

google maps
features zoomable satellite and political maps plus a location finder and a business finder. get directions from one place to another.www.google.com

bing maps
microsoft's bing maps site features maps and trip planning solutions plus quickest or shortest driving directions.www.bing.com/maps/

viamichelin
find michelin maps and itinerary planner, as well as the green travel guide, red hotel/restaurant guide, and traffic information.www.viamichelin.com


world atlas and map resources

mapmachine
online dynamic atlas and street maps from national geographic.maps.nationalgeographic.com/map-machine

kappa map group
road maps and road atlases of us states and foreign countries as well as world atlases, wall maps, travel maps, and educational atlases.www.kappamapgroup.com

east view map link
this distributor for the map publishing industry is a comprehensive source for maps and geographic information.www.evmaplink.com

reference maps
features an extensive collection of regional and national maps from the cia world factbook.www.cia.gov

usa.gov maps
this map portal features links to a wide range of world maps and united states map resources,
      including community and political maps as well as environmental, health, and historical maps.
      learn where to purchase printed u.s. government maps.www.usa.gov

world atlas
read about the continents of the world, view continental maps, and access country maps, demographic facts, and statistical data.www.world-atlas.us


united states maps

united states map
printable outline maps, topographical maps and terrain maps of the usa plus road maps and topo maps of united states regions.www.united-states-map.com

state maps
state map directory features convenient access to political, topographical, and relief maps of each state in the united states of america.www.state-maps.org

united states atlas
features an interstate highway map of the united states plus descriptions,
       information resources, printable outline maps, and photographs of each state in the usa.www.onlineatlas.us


related north american maps

north america map
continental map and travel information about north america.
      learn about the physical features and demographics of the north american
      continent, as well as its popular travel destinations.www.north-america-map.com

maps of canada
browse the maps and pictures of canada and its provinces.
      view the detailed road maps of each canadian province and learn about
      tourist destinations such as niagara falls and the canadian rockies.www.canada-maps.org





      copyright 2003-2025 zeducorp.
      all rights reserved.
about us. 
      contact us. 
      search.
      for your convenience, certain links will open in new windows.

maps and directions guide






map news


mysterious ufo-like disc seen in new mexico on google maps sparks investigation

daily mail.  february, 2025. 

google maps blocks gulf of america reviews after rename criticism

bbc news.  february, 2025. 

google maps updates gulf of mexico name for us users

bbc news.  february, 2025. 














