










property claim estimating software | simsol software

























































facebook




twitter




linkedin




youtube


1-800-447-4676
mysimsol login
  
 
 










pricing
solutions

property estimating
claims processing
claims analytics


get help
blog
contact us
free trial
 


select page


  
 



 



 










simplifying the property estimating process
 

discover why thousands of insurance adjusters and contractors chose our affordable, easiest-to-use estimating software for property repair and claims processing solutions.
 
 
 

 

try it for free!

 

schedule a demo

 
 
 


simplifying the property estimating process
 

discover why thousands of insurance adjusters and contractors choose our affordable, easiest-to-use estimating software for property repair and claims processing solutions.
 
try it for free!

schedule a demo

 
 
 




features and benefits
 

just a few reasons to choose simsol
 
 
 





easy to use

generate estimates, sketches, digital images, reports, and insurance forms with minimal training.

 
 
 




tech support included

never pay for a technical support call again. our friendly and knowledgeable support reps are ready to assist you.

 
 
 




intuitive scoping tool

no codes to remember or search for. create detailed, accurate estimates in a fraction of the time.

 
 
 
 





defendable unit cost pricing

core pricing data is provided by the national construction estimator by craftsmen publishing.

 
 
 




competitive pricing

simsol provides the most competitive rates in the industry, especially when you sign up for a year

 
 
 




logical claim workflow

created by an adjuster for adjusters – simsol simply “thinks like an adjuster”

 
 
 
 
 



user-friendly property estimating software
 

our estimating software was founded over 25 years ago by a veteran adjuster and talented developer. together they created a construction estimating program that created repair estimates and performed other adjuster’s tasks without having to memorize complicated codes of abbreviations. this is why simsol has a simple interface that will help you focus on what’s important – getting the job done accurately and quickly.
 
learn more

 





 
 
 








"i have used other estimating programs and find simsol’s estimating input is exceptional - thereby leading to a clean, readable and transparent estimate. updated photo labeling has reduced the time needed for our clients labeling requirements. for transparency and claim file reviews, there is nothing better. would highly recommend simsol to everyone."-michael carli, president of all seasons adjusting, inc.
 

 
 




"simsol works hand in hand with my line of work. i'm able to go out, scope the loss, come back and on most claims i can literally generate an estimate in a matter of 15 to 20 minutes. especially after i had set up macros. the point-and-click technology for the different scopes is something that i've never seen in any of the other estimating programs."-mark vandergraft, property claims analyst
 

 
 




"simsol provides me with the tools i need to deliver great results to my clients. their tech support is one of the best i've encountered in my 15 years as a property adjuster. they're always there with a solution to my tech questions when i need them."-robert fisher, property claims adjuster 
 

 
 




"we have used simsol over the years and have found the program to be the perfect software for adjusting needs. the program is easy to use and very intuitive. the database is especially helpful to a catastrophe adjuster. we find the format easy to work through and the help section is also easy to access and very detailed."-woody britton, independent adjuster 
 

 
 




"simsol has a wonderful tech support if there is ever any questions on how to use the software program. they are always willing to help you with any questions and is always professional, and very knowledgeable about the program."-tricia day, independent adjuster 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 


insurance claim processing solutions
 


claims processing system

claimswire is a web-based solution for the electronic assignment, tracking, and exchange of property claim data designed for insurance companies. it integrates seamlessly with simsol, and supports all property estimating platforms. it offers powerful management and review tools, built-in accounting, and much more!

 
 
learn more

 
 




claims analytics system

discovery is simsol’s cloud-based solution to claims analysis and data recovery. it provides powerful estimate auditing tools enabling managers to examine one or thousands of estimates for accuracy and adherence to best practices.

 
 
learn more

 



 
 
 




& we do more than just estimating
 


claims processing

claimswire is a web-based solution for the electronic assignment, tracking, and exchange of property claim data designed for the insurance companies. it integrates seamlessly with simsol, plus supports all property estimating platforms. it offers powerful management and review tools, built-in accounting, and much more! learn more about claimswire > 
 
claims analytics

discovery is simsol’s cloud-based solution to claim analysis and data recovery. it provides powerful estimate auditing tools enabling managers to examine one or thousands of estimates for accuracy and adherence to best practices. learn more about discovery > 
 
 
 
 



ready to experience the simsol difference?
let us help you with all your professional estimating needs.
 
try simsol free for 30 days

no credit card required. 100% risk-free. free tech support
 
 
 
  

 
 
 






subscribe to our updates




thank you for subscribing! check your inbox to confirm.



email





subscribe










followfollowfollowfollow
 
 

solutions
 
property estimating  claims processing  claims analytics  integrations  simdrive
 
 

resources
 
support faqs training webinarscertifications mysimsol login 
 
 

about us
 
our storycareersprivacy policy term and conditions contact us
 
 
 
 



copyrights © 2021 & all rights reserved by simultaneous solutions inc. | 11315 corporate blvd. suite 219 orlando, fl 32817
 
 
 
  

 

 

















