


home | davenport public library | davenport, ia






















 

















the davenport public library




 search



            website
        




            catalog
        



toggle navigation










homeabout ushours & locationslibrary board & policiescontactemploymentsupport the libraryenhanced children's areasmain library renovationservicescommunity outreachlibrary cardslibrary business assistancemakerspacemeeting and study spacesreading recommendationsseed librarysimply heldsocial workerweb printing servicesmobius interlibrary loansprograms & eventscalendar of eventsbook clubsnewslettersreading challenges1000 books before kindergartendigital contentresearch toolsonline resourceslibguidesbook a librarianiowa patent & inventors searchupcoming releasesgenealogy & historyresourcesarchive and manuscript collectionsresearch guidesask a special collections questionspecial collections blogspecial collections indexes 


 contact us
 hours & locations
 my account


  icon
  icon
  icon
  icon


                                    text size:  












library closing monday february 17th all three davenport public library branches will be closed on monday february 17th in observance of presidents' day. visit us digitally!



2025 online reading challenge spend the year reading a different genre each month.read the suggested title for the month, or choose one on your own. this reading challenge is low-pressure and ideal for someone who wants to read more.  sign up!







  

                            digital content            



  

                            get a library card            



  

                            hours & locations            



  

                            beanstack!            



  

                            reserve a meeting space            



  

                            support the library!            










upcoming programs & events view all events



feb 17 | 12:00 am
library closed


virtual





feb 18 | 12:00 am
take and make tuesday


eastern
arts & crafts





feb 18 | 12:00 am
take and make tuesday


fairmount
arts & crafts





explore library materialsview more





  ebooks

  audiobooks

  cds

  dvds









from the blog
the nightmare before kissmas by sara raasch
february 14, 2025 - stephanie
the nightmare before kissmas is book 1 in the royals and romance series by sara raasch. this book is a mix between the nightmare before christmas, red, white, & royal blue, and the santa clause and i absolutely loved it. 5/5 stars. it was delightful and raunchy and messy and
read more






1000 books before kindergarten
the 1000 books before kindergarten program is a free, self-paced, program designed to support babies, toddlers, and young children in developing essential early literacy skills. this initiative aims to prepare them for school readiness and foster a foundation for lifelong success!
sign up for 1000 books


library shirts!
t-shirts, sweatshirts, stickers, bags, and more designed by library lovers, for library lovers! each purchase helps davenport public library fulfill its mission to connect a diverse community to resources that educate, enrich, and entertain.
buy library shirts


the library's foundation
the friends is a 501(c)3 nonprofit dedicated to raising funds and managing an endowment portfolio to support the library's initiatives. the friends operate used bookstores at each davenport public library location.
support the library!








homeabout usservicesprograms & eventsdigital contentresearch toolsgenealogy & history 



(563) 326-7832


main library
321 main street
davenport, ia 52801


fairmount branch
3000 n. fairmount street
davenport, ia 52804


eastern branch
6000 eastern avenue
davenport, ia 52807



  icon
  icon
  icon
  icon




copyright © 2025 davenport public library. all rights reserved. web application by informatics, inc 192.168.100.20












 