riddles - puzzles - brain teasers - logic riddles - kids riddles
hard riddles logic riddleshard riddlesmath riddlesmath problemseinstein's riddlethe troop riddleweighing riddlesbrain teasersholiday riddles christmas riddlesthanksgiving riddleshalloween riddlesst. patrick's dayfourth of july riddleseaster riddlesfather's day riddlesvalentine riddlesmother's day riddleseasy riddles kids riddlesfunny riddlesridiculous riddlesmore kids riddlesrandom riddlesbest riddlesgood riddlestheme riddles animal riddlesletter riddlesmedical riddlesnature riddlesnumber riddlesparadox riddlessports riddlesmovie equationsmusic riddlesword riddleswork riddlestricky riddles tricky riddlesi gotcha riddlesfamous gry riddlemissing dollar riddlemore i gotcha riddlesapril fools riddlesarchives riddle archiveriddle archive 2riddle archive 3readers riddlesretired riddlessolved riddlesriddle fun what's your riddle iqequation riddlesweird riddlesvocal riddleswhat am i riddleswho am i riddlesschool riddlesmore puzzle pagesjokesoptical illusionsquizzesfunny cartoonsirritating funfunny cat picturesmagic tricksjust riddles and morejust riddles and more offers an enormous variety of riddles for all occasions and all of our over 5000 riddles include the answers. browse through our huge collection of riddles, puzzles, jokes, illusions, quizzes, kids pages and more and you'll quickly see that we have something for everyone, thousands of riddles and much more!  have fun and be sure to check out our 1260 brain teasers and our logic riddles if you really want to test your solving abilities!now featuring our 
	christmas pages and riddles and our
what am i riddlestry some just riddles and more favorites as a sample of the variety of enigmas we offer.
	ccccc1. think of words ending in -gry.  angry and hungry are two of them. there are three words in the english language. what is the third word?  the word is something that everyone uses every day.  if you have listened carefully, i have already told you what it is.language. an in depth explanation of this riddle can be found here.2. voices without mouths, throats or lungs; they know no language, but answers all tongues. what are we?echoes.3. each son in the smith family has just as many brothers as sisters, but each daughter has twice as many brothers as sisters. how many boys and girls are there in the family?there are 4 boys and 3 girls in the family: each boy has 3 brothers and 3 sisters, but each girl has 4 brothers and 2 sisters.4. i am the beginning of the end, and the end of time and space. i am essential to creation, and i surround every place. what am i?the letter e. end, time, space, every place.5. which is the odd word out:dive   suspect   taste   race   drive   borrowborrow. all of the other words can be used as nouns as well as verbs.6. continue the series: o t t f f s s _ _ _e, n, and t. they are the first letters of the numbers one through ten.7. what goes with a car, comes with a car, is of no use to a car, and yet the car cannot go without it?noise.8. a man and a dog were going down the street. the man rode, yet walked. what was the dog's name?yet.9. what part of a car is the laziest?the wheels. they are always tired.10. if a papa bull eats three bales of hay and a baby bull eats one bale, how much hay will a mama bull eat?none. there is no such thing as a mama bull, it's called a cow.11. when they take out an appendix, it's an appendectomy; when they remove your tonsils, it's a tonsillectomy.  what is it when they remove a growth from your head?a haircut.12. if you reverse the digits of my age, you have the age of my daughter.  a year ago, i was twice her age.  how old are we both now?my daughter is 37 and i am 73.13. if there are four sheep, two dogs and one shepherd, how many feet are there?only two, sheep have hooves; dogs have paws; only people have feet.14. who takes longer to get ready for a trip, an elephant or a rooster?the elephant. he has to pack a trunk while the rooster only takes his comb.15. you can find me in darkness but never in light.  i am present in daytime but absent in night.  in the deepest of shadows, i hide in plain sight.what am i? the letter "d".16. a man shaves several times a day and yet he still has a beard.who is he? a barber.17. what is the difference between a blind man and a retired sailor?the blind man cannot see to go, the retired sailor cannot go to sea.18. make just one word from these letters: d, e, j, n, o, o, r, s, t ,u, w.just one word.19. what bird never has to go to the barber?a bald eagle.20. the average distance from the earth to the sun has a specific name.  do you know what it is?an astronomical unit.


tweet
 more fungetting tired of all of the riddles? here are some really good, fun things to do for a little break. take a few of the short tests. see if you can follow directions. can you solve rebus puzzles? some of these are sure to bring a smile or two.color test - funny puns - how well can you follow directions?can you read this? - idiots test - funny anagrams - word playyou know you're old when - you know you're....?little kids pages - educational kids games - just for fun (kids)mother's day - rebus puzzles - just for laughsgo to the riddles directory page©1999-2022 just riddles and more...! all rights reservedprivacy policy -- site mapweb resourcessite powered by w3.css




