






hank williams, jr. and friends
















 




















hank williams, jr. and friends





















home


nashville star contest


links


biography


news


hank on tour


awards


albums


photos


photos 2


hank jr.  wallpaper























 www
                            http://wild_streak.tripod.com 






by now, everyone has heard of holly and hillary's devastating car accident. 
                           from my post here at hank willams, jr. and friends, i can identify with what they and hank are going through. 
                           i was in an accident similar in nature 17 years ago that left me paralyzed and in a wheelchair.  my family's thoughts
                           and prayers go out to hank's family as they go through this ordeal.  i guess the only thing to say is hang in there,
                           put all your efforts into healing, and get through this as quickly as you can.  you've got the lord and all us fans pulling
                           for you, so get well soon.
 
jason joslin, webmaster







new stuff:
updated on 4/22/2006
*updated news page
*new tour dates added
*date set for new album!  see news!









 












welcome to 'hank williams, jr. and friends.'  here, you'll find everything you need to know about
                           the greatest entertainer in all music genres.  hank has covered most all music styles, from country to rock to blues,
                           and everything in between.
just a quick word-i've recieved two guestbook entries that requested hank's appearance.  i have
                           no control over booking.  for that information, contact hank's manager.  the address is on hank's official site. 
                           so, please no more guestbook entries directed at hank. 




 
                           

















hank jr. mailing list
enter
                           your name and email address:
name: 
email:  
subscribe      unsubscribe














email me here if you have any questions, suggestions or comments.


























































































