




spence petros – fishing with spence petros fishing articles, tips and seminars.

































skip to content 




						spence petros
					


					fishing with spence petros fishing articles, tips and seminars.
				
 




menu 
home
about spence
early season smallmouth
guide services
articles
seminar schedule
contact
 








welcome to fishing with spence petros! 






fishing rods lakeside evening fishing sunset fish


dcf 1.0






welcome to fishing with spence petros!
spence petros is one of north america’s most versatile and well-respected anglers. author, fishing educator, tournament angler, tackle designer and veteran of over 125 television shows, including three years on espn’s national show “the outdoor writers”.
in 1989 petros was inducted into the national fresh water fishing hall of fame, and is listed among the “living legends of american sportfishing”, a book authored by larry colombo profiling 100 of the top people in the sportfishing industry.
spence was editor of fishing facts magazine for 22-years and now writes regularly for some of the top fishing magazines in north america which include north american fisherman, midwest outdoors, fishing facts, bassin’, crappie magazine and musky hunter. he also appears regularly on tv with babe winkelman and joe bucher, along with being a regular on midwest outdoors tv shows.
spence’s career has been dedicated to “teaching fishermen to catch more fish”. on this web site spence shares some of his “fish catching” knowledge, with you, through his articles and tips. we hope you enjoy the site and come back often as we add new fishing information.









search for:





recent posts


guide results 2020-2021


guiding results 2018


how to trigger more strikes


end of year round-up 2017


muskies on the fringe


categories

fishing tips

guiding results

muskie fishing

uncategorized



design and hosting
 


grandt industries, inc. – great fishing rods!

great fishing & lodging sites

 








contact spencedo you have questions or need information on fishing guiding.
please feel free to contact spence anytime at:
spence petros
cell: (815) 451-8594
 







guide results 2020-2021
guiding on delavan and geneva this year was a little...
read more




guiding results 2018
another great year on delavan and geneva! on delavan we...
read more





 

archives

november 2021
september 2018
november 2017
september 2017

 






© 2025 spence petros • built with generatepress 














