
















modular & portable buildings - hire & buy | ausco modular











      skip to main content
    




 







search








0












 13 62 11






secondary menu
 


pay now




faqs




news & blog




who we are




general enquiry











 











toggle navigation








main navigation



buildings

+—


project offices


commercial offices


eco building options


modular classrooms


modular lunchrooms


remote workforce


sports & recreational facilities


ablutions, toilets & amenities


progress for hire


progress-ed





360° solutions

+—


all our add on products & services


furnished first aid room


furnished lunchroom


furnished office buildings


furniture options





industry

+—


education


mining & resources


building & construction


local & regional councils


seasonal workers accommodation


healthcare


sports facilities





what we do

+—


permanent buildings with ausco


remote workforce accommodation


modular building hire


relocate & refurbish modular


360° solutions for modular buildings 


delivery & installation


case studies





careers




service centres/locations































national hire company of the year
read our latest news





360° solutions products & services
see our range 





balaklava high school permanent modular classrooms





hire, buy or stay with ausco





hire, buy or stay with ausco





amrun village, 40km south of weipa on the cape york peninsula





hire, buy or stay with ausco
learn more





hire, buy or stay with ausco





hire, buy or stay with ausco





hire, buy or stay with ausco





previous



next












 


fast. flexible. reliable.













modular & transportable buildings to hire or buy

anytime or anywhere, ausco modular has the experience and service excellence to deliver everything you need on time.

in an ever-changing world, we know how challenging it can be to scale your working infrastructure up or down to match fluctuations. it doesn't matter if you are managing a mine site, a school or training centre, an urban building site, community and sports buildings, or developing regional infrastructure, ausco modular has a temporary, permanent or portable building solution for you and the expertise to guide you through the entire process.we are the modular building specialists allowing you to focus on your core business!whether you need permanent or temporary building solutions, our experienced staff will work closely with you from site set-up to completion. our industry knowledge means we can guide you to select one of our durable, quality, and compliant building solutions from an extensive range developed over 60 years in modular construction. whether you’re searching for portable accommodation for hire that is easily transportable to the site or standardised demountable buildings for sale, ausco modular has you covered.  

 
 browse our buildingswith a large mobile building fleet of modular buildings, including project offices, site sheds and eco options, at service centres across australia, we have a temporary portable building solution to suit your needs. need something more permanent? no worries.  select from our large library of modular building designs.  



    welcome to ausco












portable buildings, site offices, sheds & eco options


						
			
            with a large mobile building fleet, including project offices, site sheds and eco options, at our service centres located across australia, we have a portable building solution to suit your needs.
      
							

													read more
											














eco upgrade


						
			
            reduce costs and improve efficiency with ausco's eco upgrade
      
							

													read more
											













modular classrooms & learning spaces

						
			
            pioneering sustainable building practices, more schools are turning to modular solutions.
      
							

													read more
											














modular commercial offices


						
			
            with one of the largest ranges of modular buildings in australia, ausco has you covered. ausco modular offers one of australia's largest ranges of modular office buildings, providing 


													read more
											














portable toilets, amenities & ablution blocks


we offer fully self-contained toilets equipped with amenities to suit your requirements. standalone portable toilets, shower blocks and bundled male/female ablution blocks are also available.


													read more
											













workforce camps

						
			
            continuously pushing the boundaries to offer the best possible products, ausco modular is the market leader in transportable infrastructure for remote workforce camps in australia.
      
							

													read more
											














stayover


the stayover by ausco network of fully serviced, managed accommodation villages provides a comfortable and welcoming experience for australia’s remote and regionally based workforce.


													visit stayover.com.au
											













modular sports facilities

						
			
            ausco has partnered with the afl and other sporting codes to deliver modular sporting facilities that meet the needs of the community.
      
							

													read more
											
















what we deliver



end to end management: to deliver a full turnkey solution, we provide a complete end-to-end management service, including building permits, furniture, power generation, service and more. minimise time on site: as ausco buildings are typically installed in a matter of days, our portable building solutions streamline the set-up of your project infrastructure, saving you time and money. durability: ausco infrastructure is renowned for durability, quality and compliance. our modular and portable buildings are built to withstand the pressure of the often harsh australian climate.adaptability: our modular buildings are adaptable to all worksites, meet the requirements and challenges of all industries and can be configured to suit the exact needs of your project. hassle-free project infrastructure: with our proven‘plug-and-play’ portable modular building model, you can simply arrive and occupy. then upscale, downscale or move whenever required.flexibility: to suit the requirements of your project and the needs of your workforce, we have  temporary, permanent or portable building solutions and can match the product to your needs.sustainability: we’re committed to using sustainable materials, improving environmental performance and working with our clients to meet your project's sustainability requirements.experience: from our establishment in adelaide, south australia, in 1961, ausco modular has proudly serviced australia and the communities we work in for over 60 years. national footprint: with modular building hire and manufacturing centres located across australia, our experienced staff deliver outstanding customer experiences and ensure all projects go to plan. 


learn more
















 









national network



we have a true national footprint, with service centres conveniently located across australia.  our manufacturing sites are also located nationwide, giving us the capacity to meet the demands and timeline of your project, through strategically allocating additional resources in the right place as needed.
when you choose to work with ausco modular, you can be assured that you'll have access to our large range of permanent and portable modular buildings to hire or buy, regardless of where you need them.



our locations










experience you can rely on



we work on projects large and small, all the way from a simple, single office on your site through to multi-storey office and accommodation complexes
and it’s not just the buildings that we can provide.  with a large range of optional add-on products and services, including office and lunchroom packs, waste pump out services and more, when you hire or buy a building from ausco you’ll be up and running in no time.  



our buildings










modular construction



at ausco modular, we deliver the permanent or portable space you need to get on with your business quickly, efficiently and to a high standard. 
our controlled manufacturing environment means less loss of construction time due to variable weather conditions, less disruption on site and most importantly faster handover to our customers.



modular solutions














hire a building with ausco



hiring a portable building with ausco modular allows you to scale up and scale down your on-site infrastructure as required. whether you need more offices, lunchrooms, classrooms, toilet blocks and change rooms, a lunchroom or first aid facilities, then ausco has the solution for you including the interior furnishes. to meet the diverse needs of multiple industries, we have three types of hire buildings – standard, commercial and education. the standard range offers the best in quality, durability and cost. while the commercial range has the same qualities of the standard range, there’s an extra focus on aesthetics and comfort, especially designed for a commercial office environment. 



download our hire brochure










smart places to stay, work and learn



for 60 years, ausco modular has led the way with innovative, modular buildings which have supported australia's leading infrastructure initiatives, education facilities and building projects. we hire and sell a wide range of high-quality portable buildings and products, delivered and installed directly to your site — wherever you’re located in australia. through our portable building solutions that include everything from commercial offices and training facilities to remote worker accommodation,  we save our customers time, hassle and the expense of managing multiple suppliers. we focus on what we do best, so you can focus on what you do best. join us for another 60. 



our corporate brochure














about us
ausco modular is one of australia's largest construction companies using modular technology.


service centres & locations




canberra modular buildings
sydney modular buildings
newcastle modular buildings



view all locations ›




links


get a quote


customer support


request maintenance


return a building


privacy policy


website terms of use




contact info



 13 62 11head office
63 river road
redbank qld 4301
australia































2025 © ausco modular. all rights reserved.


home


privacy


t&c's


website terms of use
















						0
					


			request a quote
			

					0
				













