












michael j hammel






















































































 



















skip to content



michael j. hammel
 
building a better today…because tomorrow is in question… 



building a better today…because tomorrow is in question…documentation
issue tracker
pibox
source code 

git


tech news
resume
writings
rpawd
  




 


 



  
thread management with mutexes and semaphores one of the most common patterns i’ve run into while working on pibox has been ... read more » 


  
where's michael? i’m not dead yet.  i’m feeling much better.
 read more » 


  
migrating from http to https with certbot you are in a maze of twisty little configurations….
 read more » 


  
getting started with the robo3d printer and octoprint we’ve been thinking about getting into 3d printing here at the hammel household.  ... read more » 


  
first pibox meetup the first official pibox meetup has been scheduled for wednesday, january 18, 2017 ... read more » 

‹›





about the author my name is michael j. hammel and i’m an embedded linux developer. i write for various magazines, mostly about linux-related topics, and i have written multiple books. currently i’m spending ...read more »



pibox pibox provides a build system based on crosstool-ng, buildroot/busybox, the linux kernel, rasperry pi firmware and installation tools to create a base system that can be installed to an sd card to boot ...read more »



contact information need to get in touch with me fast?  use the online form to send me email.  i respond to all reasonable requests!
read more »







 
 

one of the most common patterns i’ve run into while working on pibox has been threads that process inbound data via a queue.  the pattern is simple enough. initialize a thread to acquire data when data arrives, put it into a data structure place the data structure on a queue […] 
 
 
thread management with mutexes and semaphores 
 


 

i'm not dead yet.  i'm feeling much better. 
 
 
where’s michael? 
 


 

you are in a maze of twisty little configurations.... 
 
 
migrating from http to https with certbot 
 

 
 

we’ve been thinking about getting into 3d printing here at the hammel household.  i’m looking at building small enclosures for the various embedded boards i work on.  my wife is looking at creating components for the designs she works on for vindicated vinyl, her small business.  after doing a bit […] 
 
 
getting started with the robo3d printer and octoprint 
 


 

the first official pibox meetup has been scheduled for wednesday, january 18, 2017 in room b2 at library 21c.  i’ll be doing a demo of the pibox media center and going over the same slides i presented at the colorado springs open source software meetup.  then we’ll open it to […] 
 
 
first pibox meetup 
 


 

i’ve been porting a number of utilities in pibox to provide library support for common functions.  this includes a network configuration library – known as libpiboxnet – and a higher level library for pibox specific functions.  the code for the networking library was originally duplicated in two different apps with […] 
 
 
unit testing server protocols in c 
 

 
 

the value of an over-exuberant penchant for experimentation and fiddling should never be underestimated, if only because it helps measure the onset of age-associated mental debilitation.  in other words, everyone needs a hobby.  or two.  or ten. 
 
 
what to do in 2017 
 


 

i’ll be covering the pibox development system and pibox media center in overview, explaining what these are, how to use them and where they are going.  i’ve got a set of slides and will demo the media center along with all the new features i added late this year.  basically […] 
 
 
pibox @ colorado springs open source meetup 
 


 

themes with cairo were always a goal, but never implemented.  now, with piclock, they are a reality. 
 
 
pibox: piclock themes using cairo 
 

 
 

back in october i started work on a new app for pibox: an xm radio player.  the hardware is an xmpcr, a device sold in the early 2000’s that connected over usb to a pc.  the device didn’t last long.  i think there was some concern that people would steal […] 
 
 
pibox: xm radio app (pixm) and wifi scanning in pnc 
 


 

i don’t enter many contests.  i see little value in getting something for free. it’s far more interesting to earn them.  but every now and then something catches my eye that seems worth the minor effort of a big reward. so a while back, perhaps back in september or so, […] 
 
 
halloween haul from arrow 
 


 

i just found out that i’ll be demo’ing pibox at the mini maker faire at barnes and noble, on briargate blvd just south of chapel hills mall on saturday november 5th from 3-5pm.  it’s the same demo i did for the larger cs maker faire but with less signage. i […] 
 
 
pibox @ mini maker faire @ barnes and noble 
 



              post navigation            



← older posts 














search 






























gallery









tags 





linux
fedora
graphics
mythtv
gimp
video
beaglebox
gnome
open source
rpm
writing
intel
yum
wordpress
java
beagleboard
pibox
gtk+
bui
kernel
acer
wifi
buildroot
holiday
x11
aspire
ubuntu
linux format
lost
f10






recent posts: piboxpibox 2.0.0 – the harkonnen release
it’s been another long road – 3 years this time.  but it’s time for a new release:  v2.0.0 – the harkonnen release. harkonnen are bad guys but that’s no reflection on this release.  it’s just an interesting name.  like muad’dib. this release is focused on expanding the available pibox systems and devices along with stability […]
pibox 1.1.0 – the atreides plus release
it’s been a long time coming – nearly four years, if you’re counting – but a new major release of pibox is now available.  this release adds not just features and apps galore, but completes systems: media, kiosk and auto-kiosk.  and there are releases for manual installation along with ready made sd card images.  so […]
the pibox software stack
software is like legos.  you can stack and snap ’em together to build spaceships and giant buildings.  as long as those things are virtual.  but the important thing is stacking software.  without stacks. software is just a bunch of potential without any substance.







· © 2025 michael j. hammel · powered by  · designed with the customizr theme  · 






 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website




































































%d
 
