


buckeye travel hockey league





































 log in
 sign up

























                              
                               
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              

                            















registration
log in
sign up

about

about us
our board
bylaws and rules
meeting minutes



resources

gamesheet training



events

regular season
end of season tournament



divisions




clubs






                                athens bobcats
                            




                                bloomington blades
                            




                                central kentucky
                            




                                cincinnati jr cyclones
                            




                                cincinnati swords
                            




                                columbus flames
                            




                                columbus mavericks
                            




                                dayton icehounds
                            




                                dayton stealth
                            




                                findlay jr trojans
                            




                                indian hill winter club
                            




                                indianapolis
                            




                                kentucky amateur iha
                            




                                miami youth hockey
                            




                                newark generals
                            




                                northern kentucky norse
                            




                                owensboro puckhogs
                            




                                south indy sharks
                            




                                thunderbirds
                            




                                troy bruins
                            




                                west virginia wild
                            





 registration














about the buckeye travel hockey league









the buckeye travel hockey league is the premier youth travel ice hockey league for "aa," "a," and "b" 10u, 12u, and 14u teams in ohio, indiana, kentucky, and west virginia. the bthl’s 8u division includes teams from the region which play in jamborees with league associations every weekend starting in november. the bthl is a part of usa hockey's midam district. league teams will play in various skill level divisions within each age group based on results from seeding games played in september each year. bthl awards both regular-season and post-season tournament championships in each division.














        contact us
        
    














        
          regular season scores / schedule / standings
        
    












        
          end of season tournament
        
    












        
          exhibition team request form
        
    













×
oops!


you have unsaved elements

                        please save or cancel the pending changes to the elements within your page and then try saving again.
                    


okay










15
feb







end of season tournament

believe it or not, the end of the season is quickly approaching.  the end of season tournament is scheduled for feb 28-mar 2 for all teams and the schedule can be found by using the end of season tournament link above. we tried to make the schedule so that teams will not play all three days, so will either play friday/saturday or saturday/sunday.  games are scheduled at goggin, indian hill winter club, queen city sportsplex (formerly known as sportsplus), columbus in, louisville and northland.  as with last year, we used the rating from my hockey rankings (mhr) as of february 12 to determine divisions for the end of season tournament.  this means that teams may be playing in different divisions than they did in the regular season.  for the most part, all divisions have a range of 3 or less mhr "points" between the top and bottom team.  our hope is that this will lead to a competitive tournament.







23
sep







final divisions posted

final divisions are below - your division commissioner will be in contact regarding the process for scheduling games and contact information for teams in your division.  divisions of 5 or more teams will play 16 league games. most divisions of 4 teams will play 12 league games.  all league games should be played by february 16, 2025.a team representative - the coach or manager should enter all home games into gamesheet as they are scheduled.  to do so, log into gamesheet, click on view schedule, then on the +new scheduled game button.  if you do not see +new scheduled game, you probably need to add the regular season scheduling code that was sent separately to your account.  see this video for details.  league games must have game type set to regular seasonyou can use gamesheet for non-league games.  however, the team must be setup in our regular season to do so.  if it's another bthl team, they will already be setup.  if it's a non-bthl team, look in the exhibition division for your age level to see if they are already there.  if they are not, fill out this form.  non-league games must have game type set to exhibition, or they will affect the league standings.when entering games, game number can be anything that makes sense to you.  we would suggest including at least the coach name and date of the game, something like jones-1017-1 (first game on october 17 for team jones).  the home team is responsible for scoring the game in gamesheet and ensuring it is uploaded immediately after the game.please let us know if you have any questions or issues with gamesheet.final division assignments







25
jan







2024 annual meeting

our 2024 annual meeting is tentatively scheduled for sunday, may 19 at 7pm.  this will be an online (zoom or google meet) meeting.  per the league by-laws, each member association is to select an association rep who is the one to attend this meeting.  association presidents are welcome as well.  if your rep has changed since the 23-24 season, please email info@buckeyetravelhockey.com with both the old rep name and the new rep name and email address so we can update our lists.meeting presentationmeeting minutes are on the meeting minutes page under about us.









 upcoming events
feb 28, 2025
tentative eos tournament


                                            all divisions, pending ice availability
 multiple - tbd 

                                                12:00 pm -
                                                6:00 pm
                                            




partners






















about us
the buckeye travel hockey league is the premier youth travel ice hockey league for "aa," "a," and "b" 10u, 12u, and 14u teams in ohio, indiana, kentucky, and west virginia. the bthl’s 8u division includes teams from the region which play in jamborees with league associations every weekend starting in november.


contact
to contact the appropriate person, please visit the board of directors page under about.

        3601 towne boulevard #1020
        
        franklin, oh 45005
        
    


powered by








©
                        
                        buckeye travel hockey league. all rights reserved.















refund policies
privacy policy
terms & conditions





confirm delete
        click the delete icon again to confirm. click escape to cancel.
    












