










home - nwbc













































skip to content









              an official website of the united states government
            
here’s how you know


here’s how you know









official websites use .gova
                .gov website belongs to an official government
                organization in the united states.
              






secure .gov websites use httpsa
                lock (
                
lock
locked padlock icon

 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to
                the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official,
                secure websites.
              
















menu

















aboutabout us
council members
staff

policypolicy recommendations
notable legislation

events
research & data
news
resources
annual reports
faq
subscribe
 




enter search term(s):




















advancing women’s 
entrepreneurship since 1988 



 












advancing women entrepreneurs 















 







policymakers and influencers 



we are dedicated to uplifting the success and struggles of america’s women business owners to members of congress, the white house, and the administrator of the u.s. small business administration. in support of this work, our council members develop policy recommendations through engaging in informational meetings, research, internal meetings, and public events to determine what changes would make the most impact. to learn more about how our council advances its policy agenda, check out our policy recommendations and annual reports pages. 











 







women business owners 



advancing women’s business enterprise is at the heart of our work. we are committed to raising our voice and elevating the voices of women in business for all to hear. this starts by attending events in the business ecosystem and inviting women in business to attend our own so that we can listen, learn, and then leap into action. to learn more about how our council serves as an advocate for women in business, check out our resources and events pages. 











 







researchers and thought leaders 



we cannot do this work alone. only by forging alliances and leveraging reliable and representative data can we echo the voice of america’s women entrepreneurs across the entrepreneurial ecosystem. through collaboration and connection, we work to sing from the same song sheet and through conducting research, we can ensure that this message effectively touches hearts and minds. to learn more about how our council aligns its efforts with those of experts and stakeholders, check out our research and news pages. 























about us 



the national women’s business council is a non-partisan federal advisory committee serving as an independent source of advice and policy recommendations to the president, the u.s. congress, and to the administrator of the u.s. small business administration on issues of importance to women business owners and entrepreneurs. 








 




















about us 



the national women’s business council is a non-partisan federal advisory committee serving as an independent source of advice and policy recommendations to the president, the u.s. congress, and to the administrator of the u.s. small business administration on issues of importance to women business owners and entrepreneurs. 







 















nwbc policy priorities 







 







access to capital 



nwbc recognizes that access to capital remains the largest barrier to market entry and success for female founders and women-owned firms. the council strives to propose solutions pertaining to credit access, federal procurement, and venture capital funding for women entrepreneurs. 











access to opportunity 



nwbc recognizes, and believes in leveraging, the enormous potential influence of the federal government’s programs and purchasing to boost women-owned small businesses and influence the private sector.  







 











 







inclusive entrepreneurial ecosystems 



nwbc remains committed to gaining further insight on the unique challenges faced by women entrepreneurs from rural, tribal, and other underserved communities, and identifying untapped opportunities for growth. 















return to top






contact usprivacy policy 



follow us on


















































