braided wedding rings home - handwovenbands.com                      

  



skip to content

 



 

 
 
the rings						 

 close the rings


 open the rings



cord of three™ wedding ringsshop all braided ringswedding ringsengagement ringsspecialty ringsall specialty ringsunique swirl ringsmothers ringsurn ringwoven art ringsbest sellers  
set a stone						 

 close set a stone


 open set a stone


add a diamond to a ringadd a gemstone to a ring 
 
about						 

 close about


 open about


artist todd alanabout handmade ringsour guaranteevisit our storecontact ussymbolism in ringstestimonials and storiesphoto galleryfaqjewelry to match your ring 

 
videos						

 
shop						



 
941-217-4969


 



 



 



braided wedding rings handmade by artist todd alanunique and personal wedding rings in a world of mass production
todd alan has designed an elegant style of braided wedding rings that represent the weaving of your lives together. we are a small, family run business in sarasota, florida. todd has made over 18,000 rings by hand over his 35 years of artistry and has been an online retailer since 1998. todd and his daughter lyra are here to help you along every step of your journey as you design your perfect rings. 


shop all the braids





























making rings by hand for over 37 years


photo  gallery




customer testimonials 




what we dojewelry artist todd alan™ started making jewelry in 1986. 


 read more



jewelry artist todd alan™ started making jewelry in 1986. inspired by the patterns of nature, his unique and unusual art form has evolved into his signature style and each piece of jewelry is a miniature work of art. online since 1998 when todd started his web based store “hand woven bands” todd has handmade and shipped over 18,000 wedding rings to unique couples all over the world. his daughter, lyra has been learning the family craft, she often is the one answering the phone and email correspondence. she also assists at the bench working one-on-one with her dad.



about todd




more videos






cord of three™					



mother's rings					



swirl rings					



engagement rings					



wedding bands					



tri-tone rings					



two-tone rings					



all braided rings					



come see our rings in personwe are located in sunny sarasota, florida! during your visit, you can see todd’s braided rings in person and even schedule an appointment to meet the artist himself.todd alan gallery 506 s pineapple avesarasota, fl 34236please call or email us ahead of time to book your appointment. 


contact us!



the todd alan promise


 lifetime guarantee



lifetime guarantee – todd has been creating rings since 1986 and has been selling online since 1998. in all that time he has never charged for a repair on any of his rings.



 personal touch



personal touch – we’re a small, family run business with real live humans. you’ll never get stuck talking in a loop with a robot. todd or his daughter lyra will answer the phone and help you with your purchase.



 30-day risk free return policy



30-day risk free return policy – todd stays with you until you love your ring and it fits perfectly and if it doesn’t, return your ring for a full refund.



 resizing



resizing – todd resizes his rings for free within the first 30 days of purchase. if you need to resize it years down the line it is only a $50 fee.



 secure online ordering



secure online ordering – we have been in business over 37 years online. we protect our customers privacy and back up our work. you can confidently place orders online or call lyra to place your order over the phone. 




my guarantee



todd alan gallery5.0based on 27 reviewspowered by googlereview us onrose wenzel00:16 19 may 23all we can say is "wow."  thank you so much, todd.  we really love our rings!  if you are planning a wedding do yourself a favor and consider todd allen studios!danielle klein20:02 09 apr 23my fiancé and i had a fantastic experience with todd alan gallery! todd was able to create for him a custom ring and was extremely detailed and helpful when we went into the studio. they were able to ship it to us, since we do not live in florida. the entire process was seamless and we could not recommend todd and his team more! thank you todd alan gallery!savanna23:21 07 dec 22for all of you wondering if this is the right route for you, after nearly 5 years i am coming back to leave a google review.our rings are still beautiful. they still feel amazing. and they are still top notch. we are so pleased with them and i am so glad we stumbled across todd alan.lyra is over the top with customer service and amazing communication- and todd really is a master at his craft. much gratitude and appreciation here for something so meaningful. i would do it again 100x. no review can give them the praise they deserve.but they can give you the ring you deserve.edit: now i have the standard diamond outer bands. omgoodness. i didn't think these rings could be more amazing. we get compliments on them all the time. absolutely love love love them. this is a 0 regret purchase!cameron mills03:19 28 nov 22working with todd and his daughter, lyra, to design our wedding ring and susan’s engagement ring was not only fun  & enjoyable but it seemed like todd and lyra were getting as much enjoyment as we were. they made us feel like we were their only customers. i cannot remember how i found this amazing “jewelry store” (it’s so much more than that) 2 1/2 years ago but am so glad i did. their work and obvious love for their craft shows in every phone call, email exchange and final product we now wear on fingers.jennipher lenoir13:21 14 may 22we absolutely loved our purchase and design experience with todd and his daughter lyra. we had custom designed the cord of three rings with the important details that made our rings unique. we have received so many compliments on the rings amd we are extremely happy with our wedding rings. thank you todd for making the rings so special for us and thank you lyra for all your help.rebecca wilson16:38 06 nov 21years ago, my husband and i looked all over for wedding rings but none of them seemed right. there was always one issue or another. then one night, i sat across from him and said, “when i was a kid, my brother made a braided copper wire ring for me and i loved it. i wish we could find something similar to that and in silver.” so, without telling me, my husband went out on a mission to find a ring for me. he found todd alan's studio just a few weeks before we were getting married. he called and talked with mr. alan and asked if was possible to get the rings done in time. mr. alan said he would work it out for us, and he did. his work made something truly elegant for our wedding day, and we cherish our rings everyday. sixteen years later and they are still beautiful, unique, and loved.kurt blythe22:37 09 feb 21todd,we would like to thank you for the beautiful rings that you designed for us.  i was excited to find that you made custom rings that were an ideal symbol of our marriage covenant, white gold strands representing each of us, wrapped by the 18k rope "god strand".  your custom design of ingrid's ring incorporating the diamonds from two very special women in our lives made them perfect.ingrid's tears of joy as she saw it for the first time when i placed it on her finger was priceless.thank you for all that you and lyra did to make our day even more special.


read more stories and reviews



confused? if you have any questions please email us at:todd@handwovenbands.comor call us at:941.217.4969


youtube
 



facebook
 



pinterest
 



instagram
 



facebook-f
 



youtube
 



pinterest
 



instagram
 
follow us on youtube!

 
todd@handwovenbands.com


 
941-217-4969



join our mailinglist

© 2023 all rights reserved​quick links
about todd

about the rings

contact us

faq

ordering online

reviews and testimonials 

all our braids

wedding rings

engagement rings

cord of three™ rings

specialty rings

photo gallery
                                                      
