





preossia for old-style siamese kittens, thai kittens




old-style siamese breeders list
preossia's history
old-style siamese breed history
our breed standard
photos
links 
home page




"there is no cat more beautiful than a healthy cat."








preossiaprestwick-beresford old-style siamese association preossia is the international breed club for the old-style siamese. preossia was the first club in
the world to coin the term old-style siamese as a formal name for the
old type of siamese that originated in thailand. (note: the old-style siamese
club in the united kingdom adopted the name old-style siamese in 2000,
a year after
preossia, because their members had a great deal in common with ours
and wanted to show solidarity with preossia. the cat fanciers'
federation recognized their version of the old-style siamese in 2008
after two members of preossia brought the idea to them.)so, yes, preossia originated the concept of the old-style siamese and named it the old-style siamese. we were the first.from
1999 to 2013, we were the champions of the old-style siamese on the
international stage. our over-riding goal was to ensure the survival of
our breed, which by the 1990s was facing either extinction by numbers
and extinction by adulteration. (the latter is what we call the mixing
of non-siamese cats with true old-style siamese, coupled with selective
breeding for a look that is not correct or authentic.)we
sought breed recognition from the world's third largest cat
association, tica, because, of the top three, it is the most truly
international and is currently growing. we also chose tica because of
its genetics based registry and understanding of natural breeds.
through tica, our european and american members could support the breed
together, and we could use the remaining western old-style siamese as
well as cats imported from thailand to create a healthy gene pool and a
promising future.in 2010, tica granted championship status to
the thai breed. in tica, our old-style siamese are called thais. this
is because the name thai was adopted by many european registries circa
1990 for the old type of siamese. (see our sections on the history of
our breed.) however, the tica breed standard clearly states that the
thai is the same as the old-style siamese, and many of our cats
transferred directly from the siamese breed to the thai breed in tica
when the thai became a registration option. the remainder were direct
imports from thailand, which had to qualify as thais in tica via their
import documents.many people refer to the thai as the thai
siamese. that makes perfect sense. the old-style siamese is the siamese
that came from thailand, which is the thai siamese. by 2013,
the thai breed in tica had passed through probationary championship to
earn permanent championship status. at this time, it seemed as though
all efforts on behalf of the breed could and should be done through
tica channels. all of our active members were also members of tica and
of the thai breed section in tica. the members had elected a breed
committee in tica.as time has passed, however, it is apparent
that there is a need, more than ever, for an old-style siamese breed
club independent of all the cat associations. this is a lesson that has
been learned in other breeds. the cat registries and the cat show system are vital for
the survival of breeds. but when it comes to breed education on a
larger scale, only an independent breed club can maintain a membership
that works together on behalf of the breed. more than ever, we need to
provide clear and reliable information about our breed if it is to
survive in this rapidly changing world. that's
the purpose of this website. here we tell the history of the old type
of siamese. we explain how the breed is defined in tica, what the
breeding rules are (and why), and we soon will display many photos of
authentic thais -- genuine old-style siamese. the photos will
illustrate the correct features of the breed.last but not
least, we will provide links to locations where breeders of authentic
thais may be found. but, given the foibles of human nature, we also
will provide a guide to evaluating breeders. breeding authentic cats of
the breed in an ethical manner, preserving the health of the cats,
requires a great deal of knowledge and experience. some breeders take
the time to work with others in the community and to learn before they
leap. others plunge right in and may make mistakes. we hope the
guidance on this website will help the public determine which breeders
they want to work with. and we hope that fostering a better
understanding of our breed will ensure its preservation for posterity.







we are currently updating the educational and
other resources to be available on this website. for now, we highly
recommend the following book. more than any other, it will help you
understand the origin of the thai siamese in thailand, as well as its
subsequent development in western countries. the book is published in
thailand. it can take some effort to obtain copies, but it's well worth
that effort.


siamese
    cats: legends and reality, by martin clutterbuck
        
        
        
        
        
        this 2004
book, a considerably expanded version of an earlier book
by mr. clutterbuck, contains the first complete english translation of
the 14th century siamese cat poems. it    also contains the first published, factual, detailed account  of
the evolution    of siamese cats in their ancient homeland and their place
 in ancient and    modern thai culture. western myths about
the  cats are debunked,    and the reader hears, for the first time, the
thai side  of the story. a charming, enlightening, unique
book by a university-trained    expert in asian cultures.
                















            for more about the old-style siamese and preossia:






preossia's old-style
     siamese (thai)    breeders list [sorry, this is currently being updated]




  tica's thai breeders 
  list (scroll down to the thai breed)
note
that this is tica's list, which is open to all tica members. the
breeders on the tica website do not have to be preossia members and some may
not breed authentic old-style siamese.  it is a place to start,
but be careful in evaluating breeders.









click the links below to find out if preossia 
           is  the   right club for you and about preossia services and activities:




the international cat
   association's thai breed standard
this is the breed standard used internationally (both north america and
europe) when showing old-style siamese at cat shows. to understand
exactly what this means, keep watching this site. we will be doing a
2020 update and explanation of the international history and politics
of the old-style siamese (aka thai) breed.
 



click the links below to learn more about old-style
  siamese, their genetic traits, behavior, and care:
siamese     eye   colors   from whitish blue to navy
      blue (see photos showing the    full  spectrum  of siamese blue
eyes) 

 






  



 






                             for questions about preossia, email the webmaster.
(c) text and photos copyright 1999-2020 a.d. by preossia. some photos
and materials on or linked to this site are copyrighted by individual preossia
               members and their friends and are found here with their permission.
         you    may link to this page, but may not copy or reproduce any
portion        of  it or   anything linked to it without written consent
from the copyright        holders.

