








home - smart outdoor lighting alliance





















































































smart outdoor lighting alliance

search


primary menu
skip to content
lighting 101

community friendly lighting

community friendly lighting equipment
community friendly lighting training


understanding lighting
obtrusive light
smart lighting
energy efficiency
sustainability
statistics
why we light
glossary


environment

ecologically responsible led lighting options


resources

sola articles

why glare matters
designing streetlighting for the real client
smart urban lighting trends
cautiously optimistic: live from lightfair 2017
public lighting trends for 2020
ama lighting guidelines
the future of outdoor lighting
will the smart lighting train ever leave the station?


lessons learned
video
images

obtrusive lighting
quality outdoor lighting
fixtures


research
links/information
press/media coverage
smart lighting blog


partners
about us

consulting services
sola advisory board
support sola


home
 





search for:



 









what’s new at sola?
sign up for the next  community friendly lighting certification and exam!
community friendly lighting program info
the new sola website preview
coming soon
 support the smart outdoor lighting alliance
hot topics
public lighting trends for 2020
articles from sola
“the future of outdoor lighting” apa pas memo
lessons learned
san jose, ca led streetlight retrofit project
gloucester, uk led streetlight retrofit project 
davis, ca  led streetlight retrofit project 
cambridge, ma led streetlight retrofit project 
best practices
why glare matters and real energy efficiency
designing streetlighting for the real client
get the latest and greatest and give us your thoughts: smart urban lighting blog
 the smart outdoor lighting alliance (sola) promotes smart, sustainable and ecologically responsible outdoor lighting using new technologies and best practices in lighting design. sola provides the most current independent research and information to cities on smart lighting solutions based on their performance, interoperability and their real-world effectiveness. we promote visibility and safety research to support the goal of reducing total global lumens . 
sola is a 501c3 non-profit formed in 2001 to help communities transition to energy efficient public lighting and promote the use of smart controls. we are currently developing workshops and webinars and are available for on-site training and design consultation. 
as a non-profit organization, we are always seeking funding and actively recruiting partners to support this effort. if you are able to support the mission of providing guidance to communities in their quest to adopt smart outdoor lighting, please make a contribution using the donate button above.

tweet






reducing global lumens

newsletter
subscribe here for important updates 

email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human: 

search for:



 





					proudly powered by wordpress				



best wordpress popup plugin








