



d'lynn waldron 




scroll down for photos and bio links



<www.holyspiritfellowship.net/contents.html>
click here to dscover how the holy spirit  is at work in your life


i found this ballet not long ago in google. that is supposed to be me in the congo with cowboy boots and a braid like rodeo!.

the things below all happened because of choices i made among opportunities i was given.
							scroll down for links
 



photos at the bottom of the page- and in the individual topic folders

dr. d'lynn waldron, ba summa cum laude, ma, phd, fellow of the royal geographical society
royal romance and foreign intrigue in the hottest spots in the cold war.
visionary developer of computer technology for the arts and media.
the association of california symphony orchestras most valuable player award
for using the new technologies in the traditional and new media
to popularize classical music in all ages and segments of the community.
fellow of the royal geographical society for photo-ethnographic studies of traditional ways of life.
ford foundation fellow, all university fellow, haynes multi-disclipinary fellow, oxford post-doctoral scholar.









								
								.click for a brief summary with links to work in the media.
.
click for a list with links to r&d in digital technology and scientific research.

click on links in the index below to see historic documents & photos
all contents of this site are copyright by d'lynn waldron 2017
d'lynn waldron

journey alone around the world
starting a journey alone around the world in 1957
further than at home first book published in 1959








royal romance
nepal contents page
cold war intrigue for a marriage to a prince of nepal
royal family photos
a few of the letters from royal family to d'lynn waldron
maoist war in the himalayas 1958- ongoing
myth of the mark of genghis khan
piloting dc3 in the himalayas 1958
nepal photos 
paintings and photos of the himalayas
massacre of nepal's royal family june 2001

war correspondent in africa
africa contents page
hitchhiking alone through africa 1960
escape from security police in apartheid south africa 1960
war of terror in the interior of the belgian cong 1960
stanleyville 1960
patrice lumumba 1960
expedition up the congo river 1960
bonobos and other endangered species rescued 1960

ballet in france about d'lynn waldron
heroes ballet about d'lynn waldron in the congo
bio-pic suggestion

international intrigue in hong kong
red china frame-up on hanging charge 1960
red china's use of the myth of the mark of genghis khan

top honors at university
student body leader 1954 - 1957
ba summa cum laude, ma, phd 1964-68
dissertation on traditional societies in economic transition 1967
biochemistry of moods and emotions 1948 - ongoing
genetic imperative to multiply to the maxium explains war 1949 - ongoing 
advice on how to be a top student
post-doctoral study oxford

fellow of the royal geographical society
fellow of the royal geographical society 1981 
fellow of the explorers club 1981
article for british geographical magazine on irish way of life 1982
traditional irish way of life in connemara
photo-ethnographic study of a year in the life of priego de cordoba, andalucia, spain
article for british geographical magazine on galicia, spain 1983
bonobos: our little-known nearest primate relative

photo-ethnographer
two years field research in the west of ireland 1977-79
two years post-doctoral research in oxford in celtic / ironage studies 1979-81
article for british geographical magazine on irish way of life 1981
photo sampler from book on the traditional irish way of life in connemara
chapter 1 from book on the traditional irish way of life in connemara
photo-ethnographic study of galicia, spain 1981-82
photo-ethnographic study of a year in the life of priego de cordoba, andalucia, spain 1981-82
sixteen months field researchgreek island of crete 1982-84
culture articles
photographs
drawings
photographs of paradises lost
zanzibar photos

food and travel articles in major magazines
touring english farmhouse cheese country
british cheeses
travel and food articles in major magazines






piloting planes in dangerous places
learning to fly 1954
piloting dc3 in the himalayas 1958
keynote speaker and mc at 50th anniversary of the dc3 1986







cold war intrigue in greece
greek island of crete 1982-84 
cold war intrigue in eastern mediterranean 1982-84
minoan men and women doing acrobatics with bulls
terrorist group n17 / 17n 1982- ongoing

hired by the fbi as a consultant in its search for whitey bulger, america's most wanted, and forensic analysis of crime scene photos
working on the search for whitey bulger, captured june 2011. 
developing an on-line fugitive search in the form of a treasure hunt for the reward with visual clues, independent of language. 
analyzing the photos of the bruno magli shoes in the o.j. simpson civil case which won the case for petrocelli. 






photographs for j. paul getty
photographing the getty museum in malibu for j. paul getty





research and development for governments
systems designs for economic development 1967-71
economic development for western ireland 1978
consultant to businesses: cola wars on crete 1982 - 84
investigation of the exploitation by the trading posts of navajos 1973
 





developer of computer technology for artists and movies 
computer technology for the graphic arts 1984 - ongoing
movie cgi 1990 - ongoing
computer fine artist 1984 - onging
magazine articles on computer related subjects 1986 - ongoing
first articles on data security dangers of the internet - 1996






portrait painter
of the royal family and celebrities for the media
of the most wanted for the us government.
 
age progressed and regressed portraits
in movies, on tv, and in print publications





entertainment industry 
association of california symphony orchestras' most valuable player award 2004
							
							
							
							
							(given in 2004 to a non-instrumentalist for using the media to popularize classical music in all segments and ages of the community.)
artwork, animation and scores for tv specials
musical theatre 1949 - ongoing
20th century fox 1956 and 1959
computer technology for the entertainment industry 1984 - ongoing
cd covers and advertising portraits 1989 ongoing
patriotic paintings of eagles
bafta, the british academy of film and television arts 
composers of music for the movies
classical music management
how to photography your maestro, his symphony and his soloists
los angeles county museum of art- photo-digital imaging of the sundays live concerts.

music for the movies
interviews, photos, biographies, discographies of composers

preservation of historic sites
saving the santa monica pier
saving the santa monica civic auditorium

santa monica-malibu school district
photography, recording and video of music events, etc.

e-publishing vs. vanishing book royalties
torn up book contract due to royalties only on net

books in progress:
the traditional way of life in connemara, ireland, a second edition as an interactive, multi-media e-book of this photo-ethnographic study through the seasons of the year.
the traditional  way of life in the mountains of andalucia  a photo-ethnographic study through the seasons of the year.

awards & degrees (all linked to above www.dlwaldron.com):
elected fellow of the royal geographical society. 
							
							elected fellow of the new york explorers club 
							
							ba summa cum laude (first in class) phi beta kappa, washington university.
							ma, all university fellow
multi-disclipinary phd three years after ba as ford foundation fellow (experiment in accelerated study), and haynes multi-disciplinary fellow
							
							post-doctoral study in oxford, 2 years
							for many years a voting member of bafta, the british academy of film and television arts
							
							most valuable player - association of california symphony orchestras 2004
							for the development and use of digital technology to popularize classical music in all ages and segments of community, which helped the santa monica symphony win five successive grants from the national endowment for the arts.


click for a brief summary of work in the media, with links. 
 
i am a pilgrim on a journey to an unknown land, seeking for something i cannot define.
.
now in my 8th decade, i am beginning to find in the wisdom and scholarship of the ages, in modern science, and in my own experiences in life, all with the help of the holy spirit, some of the understanding i am seeking including a concept that we are all players in god's great game of life. with the bible as our playbook.

in my search for understanding. i have been a participnt-observer in the lives of scholars, research scientists, and the famous, rich, and royal. but most important in the livesof the people in isolated communities in andalucia, spain and connemara, ireland, where they had entirely different versions of the best life possible in the modern world.
.
after i had learned from each of my lives, i moved on to the next life. i could not go back to any of those lives now, because they no longer exist. all that remains is what i have learned and the archival kodacromes i took as a photo-ethnographer for british geographical and other publications.
.
the greatest joy and blessing in my life was in the unexpected chance to work with symphony orchestras to bring classical music into young lives and to popularize free symphony concerts among all ages and segments of the community. the grants for the concerts included from the national endowment for the arts.

this work was done using the latest digital technology for the arts and media, of which i was a developer and technical writer. i chose to donate my time and the skills i was gven to classical music organizations in los angeles and to our santa monica school district. .link.








 




