



summer program registration now open | orchard hill equestrian center














































































home
events

upcoming events
past events


riding instruction

lessons & leases
instructors
horse training
south for the winter
lesson schedule


boarding

for you & your horse
the details
visit the farm
resources


xc schooling

the course
logistics
availability
location


summer camp

for horse loving kids
riding videos
summer camp sign up


about us
contact orchard hill
 








welcome to orchard hill
the premier equestrian center for pleasure and competitive riders.
take the video tour »






welcome to orchard hill
our summer horseback riding camp combines professional riding instruction and horse education with lots of fun activities.
learn more »






welcome to orchard hill
orchard hill horse trials, schooling days & clinics are focused on learning and fun for you and your horse.
orchard hill events »






welcome to orchard hill
learn to ride or polish your skills with a choice of trainers, facilities & horses specialized for your goals.
learn more »






welcome to orchard hill
boarders have a sense of community at orchard hill and we share a love of horses.
board at orchard hill »






welcome to orchard hill
an enormous cross-country course that boasts the only spring-fed water complex in new england .
more about schooling »






welcome to orchard hill
orchard hill equestrian center is a premier equine facility that caters to the modern horse enthusiast.
come visit us »











“we warmly welcome serious competitors and recreational riders.”

orchard hill equestrian center is a luxury equestrian facility that caters to the modern horse enthusiast.
our family-owned and operated facility includes three barns, 1 heated indoor and 3 outdoor riding arenas, 70+ acres of pastures and trails, and an enormous cross-country course that boasts the only spring-fed water complex in new england.
only 45 minutes from downtown boston, our farm is the perfect place for both serious competitors and recreational riders.





riding instruction



general instruction






eventing






dressage






jumping






upcoming events




may
25

2025 spring schooling event







jun
22

2025 summer horse trials i







jul
13

2025 summer horse trials ii







aug
3

2025 summer horse trials iii







past events







boarding at orchard hill equestrian center



you & your horse






the details






visit the farm






resources






follow orchard hill






this message is only visible to admins:unable to display facebook postserror: invalid oauth 2.0 access tokentype: oauthexceptioncode: 190subcode: 2069032click here to troubleshoot.





cross-country schooling


the course
orchard hill’s cross-country course covers fifty acres and features many different jumps.
learn more




logistics
cross-country course rates begin at $45 per horse/rider combination.
learn more




availability
for more information about course availability, contact us by phone at (781) 915-7533.
learn more




location
located just off route 495, orchard hill fields are easily accessible.
learn more






summer program

our summer program combines professional riding instruction and horse education with lots of fun activities. we offer the best instructors, ponies, counselors and facilities so that you will learn, make friends and have a great time!
girls and boys from age 7 to 13 are teamed with one of our terrific horses or ponies for the week. students care for their mount and tack.
daily riding lessons are tailored to each student’s riding ability, and move from walk/trot to cantering and jumping. students show off their new skills in a riding demonstration on friday for parents.


learn more







video tour














2023 show sponsors






















































location 224 sawyer hill rd
berlin ma 01503




contact information & reservations:
(781) 915-7533
messages:
(978) 838-0202




follow us 





subscribe for updates





* indicates required
email address *



















© 2025 orchard hill equestrian center | site design by laidlaw group














