







fidelco guide dog foundation inc.

































































 








skip to content











search



				search			







close



 




a-
a
a+








apply for a guide dograise a puppydonate now







































our guide dogs great partnerships & great businesses client stories guide dog application process pet dog adoption pet resourcesvolunteer raise a puppy breed caregivers volunteer on campusways to give the shepherd club memorial & dedications vision society shop more ways to giveevents and news media & press newsletters podcastsabout us our history speaker & event requests leadership financial information careers contact us




 




×
our guide dogs great partnerships & great businesses client stories guide dog application process pet dog adoption pet resourcesvolunteer raise a puppy breed caregivers volunteer on campusways to give the shepherd club memorial & dedications vision society shop more ways to giveevents and news media & press newsletters podcastsabout us our history speaker & event requests leadership financial information careers contact us










 























confidence and independence



esther and “zion” move as a confident team through esther’s active life – from her career and advocacy work to outdoor adventures. “he only has eyes for me and that makes me feel very loved.” 









learn more


 




























how you help fidelco



you help fidelco to place expertly bred and trained german shepherd guide dogs with people who are blind, providing all clients with increased independence to improve their lives and the world around them. 









your impact


 



















together, unstoppable



meet the people, pups, and guide dog partners leading the way and helping fidelco to make a difference. 





















vision: a memoir of blindness and justice
the honorable david s. tatel, retired judge of the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit court…











donor spotlight: suburban suburu
fidelco is honored to have been selected as suburban suburu’s hometown charity for the 12th year in a row, receiving…











volunteer story: chris norwood
chris norwood was inspired to become involved with fidelco while at a work event where paralympic athlete and retired u.s….











lions club partnership continues to flourish
the special partnership between fidelco and lions clubs throughout connecticut and new england in service to individuals who are blind…











fidelco’s veterinary medical department welcomes dr. arnold goldman
as part of an ongoing commitment to provide the highest quality veterinary care to our german shepherd dog colony, fidelco…











client story: janet gerster and “trooper”
“i thought about getting a guide dog for a long time,” says first-time fidelco guide dog user janet gerster. “for…


































more stories


 
















join our pack & help us fund a litter























as a shepherd club member, you receive:


exclusive access to live footage of puppies in fidelco’s pup house via the “puppy cam.”quarterly updates detailing how your donations are making a difference.recognition in fidelconews, our widely distributed newsletter. 






















your monthly support provides year-round impact to clients and guide dogs:


ensuring puppies receive loving care, socialization, and early training.helping dogs learn advanced guide dog skills through expert formal training.giving years of life-changing guide dog partnerships to people who are blind. 



										learn more									



























































the latest from fidelco










 
great partnerships & great businessesfidelco guide dog partnerships provide the confidence and independence our clients need to pursue their dreams.


read their stories


 



















































more news





sign up for email





more podcasts


 



















our partners
















 












 












 












 












 














 














fidelco guide dog foundation, inc.
103 vision way, bloomfield, ct 06002 • 860.243.5200








sitemapprivacy policycontact usaccessibility statementcareersdonor rightsstate disclosures







© 2025 fidelco guide dog foundation, inc. all rights reserved.











sign up for email









log in











visit our facebook page





visit our instagram page





visit our twitter page





visit our youtube page





visit our linkedin page





 







 

 


























