




















 




 







    
 







 


sheet music archive
visit the archive arts vintage sheet music collection. with over 1000 of the most popular tunes of the 1900's thru the 70's in our collection. 
hits like "i've got a lovely bunch of coconuts", "i'm forever blowing bubbles", "swanee", "the woodpecker song", "god bless america", "cheek to cheek" and "dixie." these tunes shaped our musical heritage from the early 20th century thru to today. many sheets are "store quality".
 

american civil war ebooks*  
archive arts proudly offers our american civil war ebooks. these accounts of american civil war events are written by those men actually involved; general grant, general beauregard, executive officer greene, etc. these are primary source documents written by those actually involved.

     
each ebook presents differing views of the same event. for example, the "clash of the ironclads" includes a lengthly narrative by the commanding officer (woods) of the "virginia" (merrimac) about the two days of this history-changing event, followed by a report by the executive officer (greene) of the monitor. a third part is written by a confederate officer who watched the events from shore. in all, this ebook is equivalent to a printed book over 100 pages long...
...and, you kindle users, you can download each to read on your kindle®.as ebooks you can easily download each one and enjoy reading about major events in american history.

antique clip art on cd
the entire archive arts clip art collection is on cd at the incredible summer special low price of only $9.95 plus $5.00 p/h. the cd includes 3,700 images from all 63 subject editions in .jpg format. 
 
these high resolution bit-mapped images from a publishing archive of rare 18th, 19th, and early 20th century publications, are scanned at 300 dots/inch and enhanced to assure a broad scaling range. 







archive artspo box 2455fallbrook, ca 92088(619) 701 7974 phoneemail
 
© copyright 2021 archive arts. all rights reserved.


archive arts images and ebooks are copyright protected. commercial, for profit use, in print or electronically, of any image or part requires a nominal licensing fee. please contact us for details. 

