 

geonius





























software
writing
george eliot
music
musings
reading
 
general links
computing links







genealogy
measdays
ocd
personal
résumé
 
rowland emett's whimsy
 
e-mail





 



welcome to geonius.com

alex measday's home on the web
(since 1995)

 
the name

my first choice was www.deronda.com, the name of my favorite
george eliot novel, daniel
deronda.  however, someone had already registered that domain.
a second choice was www.idap.com, the
initials of my favorite beatles song,
"i dig a pony".  again, no luck.  (and, after listening to the song for
decades, i finally noticed that the real song title is "dig a pony"—no
"i"!)  so i scoured the dictionary
(merriam-webster's
collegiate dictionary in hard-copy form) for other possibilities:



nescience, nescient
"lack of knowledge or awareness; ignorance"
meliorism,
    meliorist
"the belief that the world tends to become better and that humans can
    aid its betterment"
entelechy
"the actualization of form-giving cause as contrasted with potential
    existence"
methinks
short and sweet



while ruminating over www.aide-toi.com, french for "help
yourself", intended by me in the sense of "help yourself to whatever you
find here", i was reading
the
lopsided ape: evolution of the generative mind by
michael
c. corballis:


irving biederman
    [wikipedia]
    ... has proposed a set of 36 generalized cones that he calls
    geons
    [wikipedia],
    which is short for "geometric ions".  he suggests that this basic
    vocabulary is sufficient to generate virtually all of the shapes we know,
    at least to the point at which they can be recognized.  the geons are
    chosen, moreover, so that they are as discriminable from one another as
    possible, even when rotated into different orientations.


i liked the name and geonetics.com
was already taken, so geonius it is!


i didn't actually come up with the name myself.  the
pair domains (originally pairnic)
domain name registration service reported that geon.com was
already taken and it suggested alternative, available domain names composed
of geon with various suffixes.  geonius.com
seemed clever and cute, although a little bit too cute in hindsight; to make
matters worse, i now tend to misspell "genius"!  i was surprised that
geonius hadn't already been grabbed by a geographic
information systems (gis) company, as was the case with
geonetics.com.

 
the logo

our plaster ceilings at home have a repeating flower pattern made by rotating
a circular brush back and forth while the plaster is wet.  when the sun is at
the right angle, one of the petals on one of the flowers looks like a big-beaked
penguin in a nehru jacket - or maybe that's just my linuxishness
tweaking my perception!  (i added the buttons and the eyes!)

 
the websites

my original website, http://vlsi19.gsfc.nasa.gov:8224/,
created in 1995, ran on a webserver i wrote myself: the
[incr tcl]-based
gentle program running
a variation of the hope.tcl
script.  (one of few feathers in my cap is that
gentle is listed on the
[incr tcl]
applications page!)  computer programmers of sufficient age will
recognize the port number, 8224, as the decimal representation of two
ascii space characters (0x2020 in hexadecimal).


several years later, i got a paid web account at interlog.
the wayback machine has an archived 1998 copy of my website,
http://www.interlog.com/~calex/.
i believe interlog's web server supported server-side includes
(.shtml files).


the canadian-based interlog provided extremely fast web access despite its
distance from me; unfortunately, they had something like a 1mb limit on
file storage.  so i upgraded to my own domain name and a web account from
pair.  the first copy archived by the wayback machine dates back to 2001:
http://www.geonius.com/.
with the new site, i began using a slightly modified copy of
gihan perera's/bruno beaufils' gtml
preprocessor, written in perl, to generate my website's static web pages.
(andrew e. schulman took over the project in 2004, but i'm still using bruno
beaufils' older script.)




gtml-generated html(gihan perera / bruno beaufils / andrew e. schulman)





