









journey of hearts: a healing place for those dealing with grief













 

 
     
 

about this site


loss, change & grief


a healing place


condolence & sympathy


emergency pick-me-ups 


resources


transitional medicine


butterflies & blazes

contact us


site map


navigating suggestions
the violet heart
recipient
of the 1999 ama community service award

 

this
website follows the hon
code of conduct
,
the ama's guidelines
for medical & health information sites on the internet
and the ehealth
code of ethics 
.

.

..
~ 
 ~
you are invited to join the
journey of recovering from losses and significant life changes. this is
a process that does not occur over night, it may take weeks, months, years,
or even a life time-- depending on the person and the type of loss. one
doesn't just "get over" loss. there is no "perfect" or "right" or "correct"
way to process a loss. each person's experience, like each grief experience,
will be unique. journey of hearts 
(tm) was designed to be a healing place
with resources and support to help those in the grief process following
a loss or a significant life change. 


grief is a tidal wave
that over takes you,
smashes down upon you
with unimaginable force,
sweeps you up into its
darkness,
where you tumble and
crash against unidentifiable surfaces,
only to be thrown out
on an unknown beach, bruised, reshaped...
grief will make a new
person out of you,
if it doesn't kill you
in the making.

stephanie
ericsson
loss is a common experience that can be encountered
many times during a lifetime; it does not discriminate for age, race, sex,
education, economic status, religion, or nationality. unrecognized, unprocessed,
and untreated acute depression or the grief response following a significant
loss can result in personal anguish, multiple somatic complaints, functional
impairment, strained relationships, clinical depression, and a risk
of suicide.[1] the losses referred
to on this site can be acute or long- standing and can result in feelings
of grief, stress, depression, loneliness or helplessness.
at journey of hearts 
(tm)
a person is educated about the "normal" grief response, including what
to anticipate in the transformational process that occurs following a loss.
in addition, the grieving person is encouraged to draw upon or discover
their internal source of strength in the midst of crisis, to help them get through the shock and the grief reaction
as well as being taught healthy ways of coping with the loss.

this website is designed to be a place for resources
and support to help those in the grief process following a loss or a significant
life change. this website contains a variety of different grief aides including information, techniques for
coping, resources, and links to other websites. more than just a bandaid that covers and protects a
wound as it heals, griefaides help in the healing process. grief aides help people understand and
work through the grief process to get through the shock, the loss and the grief reaction and
ultimately emerge transformed. they are also provided to serve as online aides in times of life crisis
or life savers on the internet, helping visitors keep afloat until help arrives or they are able to
paddle into shore.



journey of hearts
is a life saver on the internet, providing a way to keep afloat on troubled
waters, 
until help arrives, or you paddle to shore.
dr. ololade
reis

journey of hearts 
(tm) is resource to use, available
at any time 24/7, even in the middle of the night. it is always available
as a "virtual shoulder to cry on" or a "virtual hand holding." this site
has already helping thousands of people around the world to survive rough,
lonely nights. it is a place to discover more about the grief process,
part of the normal responses to loss and hopefully come to understand that:







grief is a powerful, universal feeling,
but it is survivable.
kirsti a. dyer, md, ms,
faaets
each of person travels on his or her own unique
journey in experiencing of the loss. each person's experience of loss will
have subtle nuances that will make it unlike any other loss, but the commonality--the
grief response--with the intense feelings of loss, anger, depression, loneliness,
fear, frustration, desperation, these are emotions that others will have
also felt, endured and survived. what we have in common is that the
grief response is felt most intensely by the heart. there is a common "language"
those who have experienced grief speak, one that can often be understood
without words. many times all that is required to let someome know you
have been there, that you understand their grief is just a understanding
look, a gentle touch on the arm, a reassuring hug or a heart-felt note. 
it is in the sharing of the losses of many hearts
that our own heart begins to heal. this site is here to remind visitors
that we are not alone in our losses or our feelings of grief, that someone
else will have experienced similar losses (or worse) and survived. as the
grieving person recognizes that others have lived through loss and survived
he or she will begin to realize that he/she can survive their own loss. 
sharing the losses, telling the grief story or
expressing the feeling in writing or other creative endeavors, no matter
how painful, is important in the healing process. healing will be recognized
when the grieving person is at a point of being able to share with those
earlier in the process. with this knowledge the heart grows stronger, more sensitive and more understanding
of the suffering of others. the quotation by dr. robert schuller sums this
up:



our grief always brings
a gift.
it's the gift of greater
sensitivity and compassion for others.
we learn to rise above
our own grief by reaching out
and lessening the grief
of others.
may this site be a haven of hope and a place of
peace for the grieving internet community. 
join us on the journey as often as needed, in
bad times and also in good.

kirsti a. dyer, md, ms, ft, faaets, ncbf
physician - internal medicine, health educator, professor
fellow, thanatology - death, dying and bereavement, adec 
adec - association for death education and counseling
fellow, american
academy of experts in traumatic stress
board certified expert in bereavement trauma, aaets
board certified expert in traumatic stress, aaets
nationally certified bereavement facilitator, aab
professional sequence in the study of loss and grief, uc berkeley extension
domain creator - journey of hearts 
(tm) website
1. dyer, ka. thompson
cd. journey of hearts: from idea to reality a website for web-education
on grief and loss. itch
2000 (information technology in community health)conference preceedings.
university of victoria, school of information health sciences originally at:http://itch.uvic.ca/itch2000/dyer/dyer.htm
now located at: http://www.journeyofhearts.org/jofh/dyer_itch.htm
 

never
bear more than one kind of trouble at a time.
some people bear all
three--all that they have had, all they have now,
and all they expect to
have.
edward everett
hale

see the emergency
911 page for links to immediate resources
if you are feeling helpless,
hopeless, overwhelmingly depressed, or suicidal.


you are the 
 person to find our online healing place.


a healing place | loss & grief | emergency pick-me-ups | condolence & sympathy
what's new? | resources
| transitional medicine
| butterflies & blazes
about this site | terms of use | privacy policy.


  
   information
on this site is designed to support, not replace, an existing physician-patient,
provider-patient relationship. we regret
that we are unable to answer any specific medical, mental or health related
emails. please contact your health care provider if you need specific
questions answered. terms
of use and privacy statement. 
all material, unless
otherwise specified, is © 1997-2010 by kirsti a. dyer, md, ms of journey of hearts a healing
place in cyberspace. information on this site may be shared with others,
but not in for-profit ventures without permission. for more information see our full copyright. 
to contact
the griefdoc regarding the website or to use materials on this website
send email to griefdoc-at-journeyofhearts.org (to send a message remove -at- and replace with @)
site
created with zope.





updated may 12, 2010



