







ananda portland home - ananda portland
















































































































 





		ananda	



				ananda portland			

meditation • community • yoga





 








home
calendar
inspiration
meditation

meditation classes
our meditation teachers
meditation and yoga supplies


ananda yoga

drop-in yoga classes
our ananda yoga teachers


kriya

support for kriyabans
the art and science of raja yoga course


efl outreach
harmoniums
sundays

fire ceremony and purification ceremony
festival of light
healing prayer ministry


about

contact us
our ministry team and staff
be a part of ananda sangha
our logo: joy is within you
ananda portland community
support ananda


donate
 





 















welcome 
 



















what is ananda? 



















 







ananda is a global spiritual movement based on the teachings of paramhansa yogananda, author of the great spiritual classic, autobiography of a yogi, who showed how everyone can realize god in their daily lives as a tangible, loving reality.learn more about ananda and our spiritual lineage. 







coming up... 







inner renewal retreatmonday, feb 17 – feb 20thattend in person at ananda villageattend the retreat online for free!details are here 







shiva kirtan at the communitywednesday, feb 26 @ 7pmjoin janice and mic at the community chapel for our version of maha shivaratri. more details here 











spiritual resilience: strength in communitythursday, feb 20th @ 7 – 8 pma zoom satsang with badri & gita coming together in the face of uncertain and troubling times for our country, government and world.more details here 











rise in freedom: inspiration to share 











 




small things


bygita matlock 

 
					february 13, 2025				




								in michelle obama’s most recent book the light we carry she recalls how she dealt with the early...							




read more 










 




through the storms


bybadri matlock 

 
					january 30, 2025				




								recent years and present times have seen the storms of the pandemic, natural and manmade disasters...							




read more 










 




when we lose


bygita matlock 

 
					january 9, 2025				




								this is day two of a devastating fire event in southern california. as i watch the suffering on the...							




read more 










 




who did god vote for?


byadam trowbridge 

 
					january 3, 2025				




								author’s note: any opinion expressed in this article is solely and entirely the opinion of the...							




read more 










 




the inner door


bybadri matlock 

 
					december 19, 2024				




								it’s now christmas time: the greatest, most holy time of year. we celebrate with so many...							




read more 










 




first things first


bysurendra james conti 

 
					december 10, 2024				




								jesus said, “seek ye first the kingdom of god, and all these things shall be added unto you.” he...							




read more 










 




heavenly fatherhood


byadam trowbridge 

 
					november 15, 2024				




								the clock said 1:41 am, but it might as well have shown alien symbols for all my sleep-deprived...							




read more 










 




learning to count what counts


bysurendra james conti 

 
					november 8, 2024				




								does it count as a “been there, done that” if you don’t remember much of anything about it? if it’s...							




read more 










 




yogananda in california


bybadri matlock 

 
					october 18, 2024				




								last week twenty-five pilgrims from oregon and washington (plus one who snuck in from texas)...							




read more 














 

 

 


















donate today ~ thank you!are you inspired by what ananda offers? ananda exists because of the support of truth seekers around the world. please consider donating to enable us to continue to share the light. enjoy this short inspiring video from asha nayaswami on tithing and money magnetism. 








 
























 






sign up for our newsletter
add your email to get our updates of classes, events, and stay in touch.


  
    




we never share your email.




 leave this field empty if you're human: 








explore ananda



 





copyright © ananda 2025
® the joy symbol is a trademark registered by ananda sangha worldwide

 

 
 







close


worldwide



ananda worldwide



find ananda near you



kriya yoga



online classes, events, and community



retreats in the u.s., italy, and india



books, music, talks, and more



our spiritual lineage



our spiritual directors







 


more from ananda


around the world

find ananda near you


ananda india


ananda sangha europa


virtual community



products

treasures along the path

schools

the education for life philosophy


living wisdom k – 12 schools


 


 
 


 
 
 





























