





so much to soak in! : hot springs chamber of commerce






































this site requires javascript to operate correctly. please enable it to continue.














search hot springs chamber

search:





































member directory



                                    visit
                                

attractions
dining
events
community calendar
shopping
lodging
camping/rv
request a welcome magazine
fall river balloon fest




                                    relocate
                                

live here
services
education
economic development
contact us




                                    about
                                

about the chamber
chamber news
cost of membership
committees
chamber programs
board of directors
chamber staff

become a member
chamber newsletter



become a member


become a member















hot springs chamber of commerce








so much to soak in!

welcome to hot springs













dates

check in 


 

check out 


adults
-

+


 | 


children
-

+


next
book now 













attractions

1 the mammoth site
2  evans plunge mineral springs 
3  moccasin springs natural mineral spa 
4  world fossil finder museum 
5  southern hills golf course 
6  pioneer museum 
show travel itineraries











1 the mammoth site

                    
                      we dig big! the mammoth site boasts the largest concentration of columbian mammoths in the world. tour this ancient sinkhole and stand on the edge of discovery.…
                    
                  
 plan your next trip 









2  evans plunge mineral springs 

                    
                      for thousands of years, the lakota sioux prized the natural warm water springs, the “minnekahta,” in this valley. in 1890, local businessman fred…
                    
                  
 plan your next trip 









3  moccasin springs natural mineral spa 

                    
                      our history the natural mineral springs have been bubbling up out of the ground for over 140+ years, filtered through a natural red rock formation, flowing into…
                    
                  
check availability









4  world fossil finder museum 

                    
                      in 1979, amateur- paleontologist frank garcia worked as chief investigator for the smithsonian institution, collecting: prehistoric sea cows, whales, and…
                    
                  
 plan your next trip 









5  southern hills golf course 

                    
                      “best of the black hills 2019” –rapid city journal. “best course you can play”– golfweek. “4 1/2 stars”…
                    
                  
 plan your next trip 









6  pioneer museum 

                    
                      pioneer historical museum in the sandstone school on the hill in the center of hot springs, sd. opens may 15th to sept 30th! the pioneer museum was originally…
                    
                  
 plan your next trip 













featured businesses



1 attractions


2 dining & drinks


3 lodging


4 services


5 shopping


6 camping/rv


see all businesses












1 hot springs makers market

                    
                    the hot springs makers market is a collaboration of 45 local artists, creators, and curators. you can find a little bit of everything at the hot springs makers…
                    
                  
 learn more 










2 two cows creamery & bistro

                    
                    two cows ice cream is made in the southern black hills of south dakota in the town of hot springs. everything we sell is made in house with milk and cream from…
                    
                  
 learn more 










3 the space

                    
                    designed as an intimate event and pop-up venue, the space is perfect for your next business meeting

venue/event rental

a space for everyone! - the space
                    
                  
 learn more 










4  mornin’ sunshine coffee house & catering 

                    
                    serving breakfast, lunch, pastries, organic coffee, espresso, and tea. we are proud to offer sugar-free & gluten-free options. we offer catering for your…
                    
                  
 learn more 













upcoming events


see all events








aug
22

to aug 24








10th annual fall river hot air balloon festival

when: friday, august 22nd - sunday, august 25th--2025
where: hot springs municipal airport, cenntennial park, downtown hot springs

facebook










faq's about hot springs





                    q: are there springs in hot springs?
                  




                  a: yes! 
called minnekahta (warm waters) by the original white settlers in 1879, the town’s name was changed to hot springs in 1886. earlier, the lakota and the cheyenne indian tribes fought for control of the natural warm waters. legends tell of a hostile encounter waged in the hills high above the gurgling springs on a peak called battle mountain.
                






                    q: i'm visiting the black hills. where is hot springs?
                  




                  a: hot springs is in the southern black hills and offers a unique landscape unlike anywhere else in the hills. surrounded by rugged canyons, rolling grasslands and pine-covered hills. 
                






                    q: what else is there to do in hot springs
                  




                  a: the town of 3,700 boasts the mammoth site, evans plunge (the oldest attraction in the black hills), wind cave national park, moccasin springs natural mineral spa, lake resorts, history museums, the award-winning southern hills golf course and unique accommodations, shops and restaurants.
                



contact us for more answers



















hot springs welcome magazine

            there’s so much to see and do, make sure you don’t miss a thing! get a copy of our free welcome magazine—once you see all we have to offer, you just might stay forever!
          
get it now





southern hills vacation guide

            the southern black hills are a playground for all kinds of adventure, not to mention museums and attractions for the whole family. click here for a free guide to our communities, including hot springs, custer, keystone and hill city.
          
get it now








let's chat



            reach out to us and we'll happily answer any questions you may have!
          


contact us








visit us

            801 s. 6th street
            hot springs, sd 57747
          


speak with us

605-745-4140
605-745-4140
            or reach out 



follow us













© 2020 hot springs chamber of commerce
all rights reserved.



privacy



















southern hills vacation guide

×




leave this field blank


name





email





address





city



state
select a statealabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyoming


zip code





how did you hear about us?





submit






close









×



















