

the usher - just one opinion on the movies (www.the-usher.com)
















thor: the dark world - the avenger returns and this time he has to go to war + new trailer
r.i.p.d. - ryan reynolds and jeff bridges bring the dead to justice + new trailer
man of steal - superman returns with another trailer
the lone ranger - johnny depp and armie hammer are tonto and the masked avenger in this big screen version
    the hangover part iii - the wolfpack return and this time it all ends
now you see me - what happens when magicians become criminals? 
carrie - chloe grace mortez takes on the classic stephen king character 
kick-ass 2 - the masked superheroes return to take on the first super villian
world war z - brad pitt takes on the zombies all over the world
despicable me 2 - a  new hilarious trailer for the animated sequel
after earth - will and jaden smith star in a sci-fi drama from m. night shyamalan
epic - the latest from fox animation about the battle going on in the forests that surround us
pacific rim - guillermo del toro brings us monsters vs. robots 
fast & furious 6 - car chases and action aplenty as vin diesel & paul walker return for more action
star trek into darkness - j.j. abrams sequel takes us back to the final frontier 

 





in-depth movie reviews

for weekly, in-depth movie reviews from the-usher, listen to  bbc radio humberside, every saturday at 10:40am or catch up by listening to the "james hoggarth show" on the bbc iplayer
follow @jamiekelwick









new in-depth 
      dvd/blu-ray reviews

chronicle - jordan taylor reviews the found footage superhero movie that could be one of the best of 2012 
the girl with the dragon tattoo (2011) - new review for the-usher, jordan taylor, gives her take on fincher's version 
the sitter - jonah hill surprises in a comedy of kids, parties and explosion 








at the box office now
the croods - prehistoric dreamworks animated fun for all the family, as the croods try to survive the end of the world - 4 stars
dark skies - a horror alien abduction story that has many a good jumpy moment - 3 stars
evil dead - the re-imagining of the video nasty classic doesn't quite have the same impact but still good fun - 3 stars
gi joe retaliation - the rock & bruce willis join the joes in the over the top action treat - 3 stars
identity thief - jason bateman & melissa mccarthy save an awfully average plot & turn it into a fun romp - 3 stars
iron man three - shane black brings us a superhero buddy movie & robert downey jr. shines again - 4 stars
jack the giant slayer - the much delayed bryan singer fantasy adventure is not the disaster it could have been - 3 stars
oblivion - tom cruise returns to sci-fi and brings us an action packed flick with a bit of a story - 4 stars
olympus has fallen - the film that the last 'die hard' should have been with gerard butler fighting terrorists - 3 stars
oz the great and powerful - return to the emerald city in this magical prequel that is worth watching in 3d - 4 stars
the place beyond the pines - ryan gosling and bradley cooper excel in this hard hitting drama of father's and sons - 5 stars
promised land - matt damon & gus van sant reunite for an interesting story about fracking - 3 stars
scary movie 5 - the worst in the franchise and possibly the worst movie of 2013 - 1 star
wreck-it ralph - disney does 'toy story' with video game characters but produces another animated classic - 4 stars





 


    

for 
            more stories and
reviews, just search...








  










 



 follow @jamiekelwick
 
the 
      usher home | 
      hush, hush... | the 
      big story | the usher speaks
stuck 
      @ home | coming soon | links 
      | contact the usher



























in-depth video game reviews
 injustice: gods among us - the dc universe gets together for a fight 
anarchy reigns - platinum games love a good hack n' slash 
      asura's wrath - capcom bring us a new monster 
bioshock infinite - head into the sky city of columbia for one of the best games of this generation 
darksiders 2 - death comes to consoles and he means business 
      dmc: devil may cry - he may look different but this is the return of dante 
god of war: ascension - kratos is back and more deadlier than ever 
journey - one of the most beautiful games every released 
max payne 3 - rockstar return to and reinvent the slow-mo killer 
metal gear rising: revengeance - raiden gets his own spin-off but will we miss snake? 
metal gear solid: peace walker - metal gear goes portable with style 
playstation allstars battle royale - sony's famous characters fight! 
street fighter x tekken - the ultimate battle of two franchises 
tekken tag tournament 2 - the king of fighting games returns  
tomb raider - lara croft returns in a prequel to restart the franchise 
xcom: enemy unknown - the best selling pc game heads to consoles 








1. the place beyond the pines


2. star trek: into darkness


3. iron man three


4. epic

5. fast & furious 6






