







state of the art teamwork | chaco canyon consulting



































toggle navigation








home (current)

resources 

essays
books etc.
newsletter 

about the newsletter
subscribe to the newsletter
manage your subscription
random issue
archive by date
archive by topic
latest issue
next issue
previous issue
first issue
comment on this issue
suggest a topic
donate


daily tips 

about "a tip a day"
subscribe to "a tip a day"



library of trade secrets 

about
samples
contribute
browse (members only)

workplace conflict awareness month
workplace politics awareness month
useful links
links collection
site map



services

customer support
upcoming public appearances
consulting
workshops 

available offerings
about experiential learning
about workshops
about teleseminars
what people say
past public programs


coaching 

overview
brief coaching for executives
coaching for bullying
spreadsheet coaching



for meeting planners



store 

publications
coaching
deals and offers



about 

about chaco canyon
about rick
contact


chacocanyon.com


















warning: to view this site correctly, you 
must have javascript enabled.
learn how to enable 
javascript.



state-of-the-art teamwork is within your grasp!
i work with people in problem-solving organizations who make
complex products or sophisticated services that need state-of-the-art
teamwork, and with organizations that want to achieve high performance
by building stronger relationships among their people.





dynamic problem-solving organizations face special problems. in
producing products and services for their customers, we must make technology work in new ways,
before any of our competitors do. a dynamic problem-solving organization produces
first-of-a-kind commercial products and services based on technical mastery and
state-of-the-art teamwork.
this web site is way more than a hyperlinked brochure. you'll find hundreds of
articles here, packed with valuable content. keep reading below, or take a quick look right now.
i'm rick brenner, principal of chaco canyon consulting. i
understand what life is like in problem-solving organizations that depend on teamwork for
success. i know what it takes to be successful in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment, and
still hang on to your humanity, your integrity, and your sense of humor.
are your virtual meetings as enjoyable as everyone else's?

virtual teams are now officially the way of things. through email, text,
	telephone, web conference, and if we're lucky, videoconference, we work with people we haven't
	yet met face-to-face, and perhaps we never will. we work across time zones, national boundaries,
	cultural chasms, and language barriers. it's frustrating — even maddening at times. and
	through all of it, we have meetings. virtual teams must have virtual meetings.
leading virtual meetings can be a nightmare squared. people no-show, the wrong people attend,
	connections break, dogs bark, misunderstandings flourish, and confusion can settle in for a good
	long stay. would you like to get better at leading virtual meetings?
if you would, this book is for you.
everything about virtual meetings is more difficult than face-to-face meetings. they're more
	difficult to schedule, more difficult to run, and they take longer to do even the simplest
	things. things conspire to make what's usually easy, difficult — and what's
	usually difficult, impossible.
this item is also available as an ebook at apple's itunes store.
    since all my ebooks are available in acrobat (pdf) format, you've always been able to read them
    on ebook readers, such as ipad, iphone, nook, or kindle. but the itunes version makes use
    of the special capabilities of modern ebook readers. check it out!
leading virtual meetings for real results is filled with the insights you need to make sense of it all. it
    helps you avoid the traps and pitfalls that await you, and it guides you into new
    choices that can make your virtual meetings more productive — and maybe as enjoyable as
    everyone else's. (46,000 words; more
 ·
    how to order)

we accept either paypal or credit cards in our store

if you prefer, you can use your
paypal account for any purchase here. since we're a paypal verified seller,
you can be assured of a secure and professional purchase process. and even though there's talk
of internet sales taxes someday, there is still no sales tax on any purchase
you make at our store.


and more:

sign up for my free newsletter
point lookout is a free weekly email newsletter of tips, insights and perspectives that
help people in dynamic problem-solving organizations find better ways to work with each other. it gives concrete,
nuts-and-bolts methods for dealing with real-life situations. sign up now or
check out some sample issues.
point lookout for february 12: on substituting for a star
newcomers to work groups have three tasks: to meet and get to know incumbent group members; to gain their trust; and to learn about the group's task and how to contribute to accomplishing it. all can be difficult; all are made even more difficult when the newcomer is substituting for a star.
where you can catch me
check out public programs where you can catch me live, or publications where my articles appear.
more
join the library of personal trade secrets
a growing collection of tips, tricks and techniques members use to deal with the hassles of everyday
life at work — to thrive and to succeed. charter membership is free to anyone who contributes a personal trade secret.
view some samples
get personal coaching from rick
get the extra boost you need to address sudden, unexpected challenges or
opportunities
or problems of long standing — rapidly and effectively. more
check out rick's resources
ebooks, tips books,
email tips, essays, and other resources for people in problem-solving organizations.
all designed for people so busy they don't even have time to read the directions on their prescriptions.
make your next workshop or seminar a hit!
check out what people say after they attend rick's events.
download a program catalog, and check out
my resources for meeting planners.
spreadsheet modeling services
since we use spreadsheets to manage our projects and our enterprises,
we should use them as effectively as we can. check out spreadsheet models for managers.
for more about my spreadsheet consulting and training services, visit
spreadsheetace.com.

are you a writer, editor or publisher on deadline?
are you looking for an article that will get people talking and get compliments flying
your way? there are more than 1275 articles and essays at this web
site, ranging from in length from 500 to 3000 words. you could have one in your inbox in an
hour. more info



follow rick









		  subscribe topoint lookout:
		  


subscribe











		  subscribe toa tip a day:
		  


subscribe











		  subscribe tospecial offers:
		  


subscribe










send an email message to a friend
rbrenjtnuayrcbsnnecyfner@chacdcypbkaamjgmalfxocanyon.comsend a message to rick
















  a tip a day feed
  point lookout weekly feed











support point lookoutthe please donatesupport point lookoutmessage 
of point lookout is unique. help get the message out. 
please donate to help keep point 
lookout available for free to everyone.
check out my blog!my blog, technical debt for policymakers, offers
resources, insights, and conversations of interest to policymakers who are concerned with managing
technical debt within their organizations. get the millstone of technical debt off the neck of your
organization!
supportpoint
lookout bystarting your amazon search here






when you start here, a part of every purchase you make
goes to support point lookout, at no cost to you.



search now:











what people say about rick's programs
"rick is a dynamic presenter who thinks on his feet to keep the material relevant to the
group." — tina l. lawson, technical project manager, bankone (now j.p. morgan chase)
"rick truly has his finger on the pulse of teams and their communication." — mark
middleton, team lead, sers

catalog of servicesif your teams don't yet consistently achieve state-of-the-art teamwork, check out this catalog. 
help is just a few clicks/taps away!
full list of my publicationsebooks, booklets and tip books on project management, conflict, writing email, effective meetings and more.
 




contact information


richard brenner
chaco canyon consulting
2295 loyola road
university heights, oh 44118
phone: (650) 787-6475
toll-free: (866) 378-5470 in the continental us
fax: (617) 395-2628
email: rbrenjtnuayrcbsnnecyfner@chacdcypbkaamjgmalfxocanyon.com

copyright © 1998-2025 richard brenner. all rights reserved.site map · terms of use · privacy policy · returns policy · not receiving my email?
date and time limits of special offers on this site are new york time.
this document is https://chacocanyon.com/
last modified: saturday, 15-feb-2025 08:39:28 est


download vcard




















