


	georgia municipal association (gma) | serving georgia's cities since 1933
























































skip to main content



















































georgia municipal association
menu



login





directoriesget involvedjobs & rfpsaboutmanaged organizationscontact




facebooktwitterlinkedinyoutube










what we do

advocacy

service

consultation

training & education

initiatives




events

calendar

annual events

fairs & festivals

gmebs board meetings

talk it up thursdays




news

georgia's cities magazine

gma headlines

press room

viewpoints




resources

the value of georgia's cities

grant resources for cities

gma handbooks & publications

sample documents

data tools

reference articles

toolkits




show search






search for:


clear search





or


quick links

i'm looking for
member cities
gma staff
gma events
forms













home













nine cities honored with visionary city awards
gma and georgia trend magazine recognized the nine 2025 visionary city award winners during the annual cities united summit.





overview of house bill 581: key changes to local government revenue
house bill 581, passed during the 2024 legislative session and signed by governor kemp, introduces key changes that will impact local government revenue.





cities unite at gma's 2025 summit
gma’s 2025 cities united summit featured training classes, awards, speeches and presentations, a trip to the capitol and more. watch this video to see why georgia’s cities truly are… cities united!





2025 municipal government hall of fame nominations open now
gma’s municipal government hall of fame recognizes officials who have made extraordinary contributions to city government. nominations are open until march 7 at 5 p.m.













legislative advocacy

events

handbook for mayors & council members

initiatives

employee benefits info





empowering georgia’s cities


legislative advocacy
advocating for municipalities at the state and federal level are foundational to gma’s mission.








training and education
gma offers an array of relevant and transformative training opportunities for elected city officials and city staff, including the harold f. holtz municipal training institute, operated in partnership with uga’s carl vinson institute of government.








municipal employee benefits
gma provides local governments with the opportunity to offer their employees access to life, health, and vision insurance and post-employment retirement options.








services for cities
gma works with service providers to offer cost-effective solutions designed especially for cities while also providing exceptional customer service. 








consultation
the member services consultants are a resource for technical assistance, consulting, training, services and other support for member cities.








data tools 
through a suite of interactive, up-to-date and accessible data tools, gma puts data at cities’ fingertips and helps them makes sense of it for better decision-making. check out the gma dashboard, peer cities tool, georgia cities like mine or data visualizations today.








what's happening at gma


upcoming events




gma headlines


february 12, 2025
georgia beverage association launches 'made to be remade' initiative


february 11, 2025
community development block grant - disaster recovery townhalls


february 6, 2025
ev 101: a georgia guide for public charger success


january 30, 2025
nine cities honored with visionary city awards 


january 30, 2025
policy committee meetings provide insight into legislative session 


january 28, 2025
georgia municipal association honors commissioner russell mcmurry with state government service award


january 16, 2025
gov. kemp's 2025 state of the state address


january 16, 2025
cities united for a stronger georgia: advancing advocacy in 2025 


january 15, 2025
milton’s legal battle gains support from gma and dozens of cities  


january 14, 2025
a legacy of leadership: insights from al crace’s half-century in local government

displaying results  1-10 (of 957) |<  < 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 - 6 - 7 - 8 - 9 - 10  >  >| 






x

unsupported browser
we have detected that you are using internet explorer. please note that not all of the pages on gma’s website may appear correctly using this browser. 
        to get the full experience of our website, please switch to the chrome or firefox browsers, which are fully supported by gma’s browser testing and standards. 
        follow the hyperlinks for free versions of these browsers.
  



















































georgia municipal association


directoriesget involvedjobs & rfpsaboutmanaged organizationscontact




facebooktwitterlinkedinyoutube









© 2020 -  georgia municipal association | privacy policy | terms of use | site map




 welcome to gma
login



the georgia municipal association recognizes the importance of ensuring our websites are accessible and is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities. we are continually improving the user experience for everyone and currently working to apply the relevant accessibility standards to this website. if you are having any accessibility related issues, such as difficulty reading or viewing this page, please contact the communications team, and we will work directly with you to find a solution.
      









