



	gourmet catalog & buying group























































member sign-in






x
go to checkout




no use



















login
                            






type your username and password.



username




password






forgot password?
sign up





















sign up
                            










store name



first name



last name



email



phone





















x




go to checkout























links
membership
about us
news & events
contact


























grow your business with gc buying group 








think big. stay local.
own or operate a kitchenware store?you're in the right place!
gc buying group members form the original and leading  buying group in the kitchenwares industry. beginning 45 years in 2025,
gc works to ensure the success of independent retailers with a variety of programs and services provided by over 150
vendor members. join our network of over 275 stores nationwide!














































join the community






                        retailers
                    


                            store benefits
                        

                            discounts and dating annual member meetingsover 44 years of credibility and industry cloutdigital & print marketing opportunitiesexclusive productsmarketing programs and support
                        




                            click here to learn more...











                            contact a member of the gc team to learn more about membership
                        




                            contact us









                        vendors
                    


                            vendor benefits
                        

                            networking opportunities marketing programs exposure through events and showcases digital and print catalog opportunities buying guides to 275 store members monthly newsletter with industry updates
                        




                            click here to learn more...















benefits boost profits
connecting and supporting the independentretail community since 1981.
after over 44 years in the industry, gc's rich history paired with the fresh perspectives of our team empowers the group to provide advanced solutions that will accommodate and support our members. with over 275 store members and 150+ vendor members, we tout the largest buying power around


marketing programs 
and support
a network of 275+ 
store members
easy & free virtual
purchase orders
exclusive events 
at major markets












member benefits



networking
connect with over 275 independent retailers and 150  vendors for unmatched educational and networking opportunities at the major markets throughout the year
special savings 
take advantage of significant saving, extended terms, access to money saving program  and lower minimums and reorder fee with absolutely no buying requirements.
consulting
received the latest industry news and updates, assistance with e-mail marketing and other promotional material to connect with your customers and drive sales.











membership
about us
blog
current events
contact
shop wholesale













                            gc buying group
                            2825 oak lawn, ave. #191306
                            dallas tx 75219
                        

phone:
                                (214) 855-0005
fax:
                                






𝕏




© copyright -
                            2025
                            gourmet catalog & buying group. all rights reserved.
privacy policy | terms & conditions




































