





	gem school | gem lab | treatments & origin | aigs
















































 






























															courses
														



															school
														

overview
  courses
  upcoming courses
online courses
register
how to enroll

faq

accommodation in bangkok
 visas to thailand
faq
how to get to aigs


schedule
alumni
store   




															lab
														

overview
our reports
 report verification 
 disclosure comments
 technology
 milestones
 vip membership
 faq




															news
														


news and offers
aigs holidays





															knowledge
														

 articles
 gem dictionary
 gem inclusions
 corundum
 jade
 spinel
 webinar




  report verification
														



															store
                                                            




															contact
														


news and offers
aigs holidays
careers





															about us
														


management
timeline
 advisory board
 appreciation







  ภาษาไทย
  简体中文





































 



 



													
												a comprehansive tool for													
												
  400+  inclusions from

  14  different countries

gemologist, student & enthusiasts

buy now






 


													
												a comprehansive tool for													
												
  400+  inclusions from

  14  different countries

gemologist, student & enthusiasts

buy now













 


													
												accredited gemologist diploma (a.g.)
													
												

3 mar - 25 jun 2025
                                                     
 
register now!



													
												หลักสูตรประกาศนียบัตรนักอัญมณีศาสตร์ (a.g.)
													
												

                                                     7 ม.ค. - 29 เม.ย. 2568  
 
ลงทะเบียน!

 















										celebrating over 46 years of gemological excellence
													
















                                                located in bangkok, thailand
                                                     

"the gemstone capital of the world"












 
join us for a gemological experience of a lifetime
 



























   start your future in gemology today 
learn more

















school
since our founding in 1978, aigs continues to produce some of the world's finest gemologists. our location in the center of bangkok's gem district gives students a unique insight into the inner workings of the industry. our vast gemstone collection provides students with the necessary knowledge to prepare them for an exciting future in gemology.
                                        

















lab
aigs is proud to serve the gems and jewelry industry with a comprehensive range of gemstone and jewelry reports. our lab is equipped with the latest advanced technology to test colored stones and diamonds including melee. with an aigs report, you can buy, sell and trade with confidence.




								 

















we're not the only ones 

excited
happy

 about aigs...

what our students have to say















the experience at aigs was perfect from all points of view. good teachers, good teaching materials, a large collection of gemstones to practice and last but not least, a stimulating and diverse international environment.   all the staff are always helpful and available to assist students in everything they need.    hope i can put into my work all that i have learned during the beautiful months spent at aigs.   what i heard is true, the aigs is the best gemology school especially regarding color stones.


- stefania martiniello, italy









aigs is a wonderful school with great teachers and an amazing stone collection for students to identify, grade and price. i have friends in seven countries in africa, whom i met at aigs, and i'm excited to see the business through their eyes. this is one of the best parts of the experience. students come to aigs from all over the world and their enthusiasm and diverse experiences enrich the student experience.


- brian smith, usa









aigs is a good institute with a long history and a lot of sample color stones. location is also excellent because downstairs in jtc, we can see all kinds of stones and query for price. we can practice the theory we learnt in the morning immediately after lunch. 


- hong pan, china














aigs  lab









reports
our reports include a range of information that can include a gemstone's identity, treatment history, most likely origin and confirmation of its natural status.









 melee testing service
ruby, sapphire, emerald, amethyst, aquamarine, tsavorite, spinel, diamonds
 download price









lab membership
ideal for volume clients, the aigs vip card is a prepaid membership that provides special discounts on all report services.











overseas offices
visit aigs in thailand, japan & china









treatment classification
read about aigs detection methods and grading systems for colored stones, diamonds and jadeite. 










gem alliance
sharing the knowledge of gemstone science
 



















































                               now  available! 


                              verify aigs reports on our app
                            

learn more















inclusions in ruby













inclusions in sapphire













inclusions in emerald













inclusions in diamond













inclusions in spinel














































  launch subscribe







contact us
  thailand:  
    jewelry trade center (48th floor), 919/539
                            silom road, bangrak, bangkok 10500, thailand
  phone:    +66 (0) 2267 4315
  mobile:    +66 (0) 84 439 7577
  email:     registrar@aigsthailand.com

  japan (take-in window):  
                              469-1, shimokajiyamachi, 〒400-0835 kofu, yamanashi, japan
  phone:    +81 (0) 552-888-333
  fax:    +81 (0) 552-888-323
  email:     masarumizumura@gmail.com
  phone:    090-6614-5863


 
  china:  
     unit.1711b, 17th floor, haitong securities building, no.689 guangdong rd., huangpu district, shanghai
                           
                        
                           
                           
  email:     info@aigschina.cn

  china:  
     mansion 4f05 room
shuibei industrial zone luohu district shenzhen city guangdong province
                           
                        
                           
                           
  phone:     (0755) 8224 6094 
      
  沪icp备20001352号-1


social media











 




  
                       
                     

subscribe to newsletter












wj6fk   



















© copyright 2022. all rights reserved.











































