



make an offer on www. shangrila.com.au | domain names australia





























menu



shopping_cart






x


websites





domains


register


transfer


renewal

price list





email





marketplace


hosting


linux


cloud


windows


wordpress





security





ssl












        shopping cart
        close




view cart & checkout






shangrila.com.au is listed for sale






time for you to own shangrila.com.au
premium domain names like this one have become a hot commodity. if you're interested in buying shangrila.com.au, please fill out the form below.





your offer *







your name*





phone number *





email address*





your message


 by
                                submitting this offer, i confirm that neither i, nor my
                                organisation claims any legal right to the domain name
                                listed above. if i am inquiring on behalf of another
                                entity, i confirm that this entity does not claim any
                                legal right to the above domain name and that i am authorised
                                by such entity to make this legally binding offer.
                            










thank you for your interest

your offer has been sent to the owner of shangrila.com.au
                            you will shortly receive an email from sales@domainnames.com.auif it doesn't arrive within an hour, please check your spam folder






a great domain name can change you life
our domain name buying service begins with a submission of an offer for the domain name you are interested in. our acquisition experts will then contact you to discuss the sales process and budget.





make an offer
your offer is automatically forwarded to the actual owner of the domain name.





agree on a price
we handle communication to help both parties agree on a satisfactory price





take ownership
we transfer ownership and you manage your new domain with any registrar







trusted by australia's best












your questions, our answers





                                what are premium domain names?

premium domain names are memorable, marketable and often 
        based on popular search terms. premium domain names have stronger 
        branding potential, are easier to remember, and attract more website 
        traffic than most domains available through standard domain 
        registration. when you purchase a premium domain name to build your 
        website on, you are aligning your business as the leader of your 
        industry or service..


                                what are brandable domain names?

many businesses choose to create an original domain name 
        and use this to brand their business. websites like google & 
        ebay have used this strategy successfully. if you have already 
        incurred considerable costs to build your brand, then a domain 
        name like "yourcompanyname.com.au" would be appropriate. people who 
        already know about your business will usually first try "typing 
        in" your actual business name as a domain name..


                                what are generic domain names?

generic domain names are an extraordinary way to brand 
        an existing business online. for example, if you bake cakes and 
        cookies and your business is called "linda's cakes and cookies" 
        it would be very smart to purchase both lindascakes.com.au and 
        lindascookies.com.au domain names. however, a generic domain name 
        that would be very beneficial to this business would be both 
        cakes.com.au and cookies.com.au.


                                what's'the value of a premium domain?

premium domain names have more marketing potential than 
        regular domains. your business can reap the benefits from the domain's 
        established presence and attract customers. the first step in 
        establishing a successful and profitable website is to own a domain 
        that is memorable, directly related to your business, and 
        attractive to your target audience.


                                why do i need a premium domain name?

give your brand a chance to grow amongst the competition. 
        you need a domain name that will resonate with your clients. the 
        intuitive, memorable nature of a premium domain name makes them 
        ideal. a premium name also differentiates you by signifying your 
        authority and leadership in your category. a memorable name can be 
        easier to brand and helps increase the likelihood of customers 
        finding you, over your competitor.


                                why are premium domains so valuable?

a premium domain instantly attracts your target audience 
        and is a major advantage over your competitors in establishing your 
        online presence. the premium domain name you choose will profoundly 
        affect your perceived reputation and credibility online. users are 
        more likely to place an order with a business using a domain name 
        called printingsupplies.com.au or printing.com.au rather than 
        jackjonesprinting.com.au.


                                do you provide stats for domain names?

we are not at liberty to share this information. the 
        valuation of our domain names is based on various factors including 
        comparable sales of similar domains, length of a domain name and 
        search value. we do not provide traffic statistics and all domain 
        names are sold "as is" without guarantees on either traffic or 
        revenue.


                                how much does a premium domain cost?

most of our domain names sell for somewhere in the range 
        of $10,000 to $100,000 and offer truly unbeatable advantages in terms 
        of driving traffic and building brand equity. however, domain names 
        that contain one or two words and describe a large niche or category 
        can command a price tag that is at least six or in some cases even 
        seven figures.


                                will a premium domain help a business?

yes, it will. the right name can make all the 
        difference in the world and many people have already recognised that 
        purchasing a premium domain name instead of settling for one that isn't 
        quite right can have a very positive effect on their business.


                                are there any ongoing costs?

the cost incurred upon purchasing your premium domain 
        name is a one-time cost. once you have purchased your domain name 
        and have paid the $299 transfer of ownership fee, it will be in your 
        control for as long as you pay the standard renewal fee prior to the 
        biannual expiration date to the registrar of your choice.


                                how does the sales process work?

as an intermediary between buyers and sellers, we will 
        guide you through the entire payment and domain name transfer process 
        until you have the domain name in your possession. during the payment 
        stage, we engage escrow.com, a licensed and regulated escrow 
        company. escrow.com holds and disperses funds according to buyer 
        and seller instructions.


                                who owns these domain names?

people or companies with large portfolios own these 
        premium domain names. they buy high value domain names as investments 
        in a similar fashion to how some buy and sell real estate.


                                can i liaise with the domain owner?

no. whilst the domain name owner sets the asking price, 
        we have been exclusively contracted by the owner to work as an 
        intermediary, presenting offers to the them on behalf of buyers and 
        once the sale has closed the seller pays us a 'success fee'.









get in touch
contact us




domains

domain registration
domain transfers
domain renewal
premium domains
domain pricing



products

email hosting
web hosting
website security
website design
ssl certificates



about us

legals
clients
about us 
testimonials
help centre




domains


registration
transfers
renewal
premium
pricing


products


email
hosting
security
websites
ssl


about us


legals
 clients
about us 
testimonials
help centre








domainnames.com.au


phone: 1300 30 58 68


abn 84 806 406 335







