



durango bill's home page











          durango bill's home page




featuring
          origin & formation of the grand canyon
          evolution of the colorado river (geology)
          3-d grand canyon geologic tour
          ancestral rivers of the world
          probability analysis of popular games
          graph theory enumeration
          global warming / climate change





(3-d image of durango, co
            generated by google
              earth.)


   durango, colorado is located in
            the animas river valley just a few miles southeast of the
            13,000-ft. high la plata mountains. local attractions
            include the durango & silverton narrow gauge railroad,
            purgatory resort (skiing), mesa verde national park, and
            some of the world’s most frightening highways and jeep
            “roads”.

            e.g. black bear road / black bear pass:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_bear_road
            “you don’t have to be crazy to drive this road - but it
            helps”.
            for some grizzly info, check (link)
            or run a google search using: “saw a car that seemed to fall
            out of the sky”. also check “black bear pass” videos at
            youtube. for example, “falling off black bear pass”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2r5clghswgq
            for a “live action” video.

            about the author's previous home where:
sometimes




















              it snows in the mountains    
(i currently live near the center of the above
            picture and about 300 feet below the viewpoint for the photo
            at the top of the page.)


            
 links to topics
 

videos by the author
   the author has
            uploaded several dozen videos to youtube.


 paleogeography / historical geology
               evolution




















            of the colorado river 
a model of the geologic
            history of the colorado river and its tributaries starting
            with the late cretaceous through the present. includes
            origin and formation of the grand canyon.


3-d aerial tour of the grand canyon
               3-d
            end-to-end geologic tour of the grand canyon
an end-to-end aerial geologic
            tour of the grand canyon. sequencing through the pages
            simulates a nearly 300-mile trip starting with glen canyon
            dam at page, az., and continues past the grand wash cliffs
            to lake mead.


recommended grand canyon videos
               norman
            beerger's the grand canyon
in 1982 norman beerger filmed
            and produced what is probably the best video ever made for
            anyone that would like an armchair scenic aerial tour of the
            grand canyon. both the 1-hour and 2-hour versions are
            helicopter tours accompanied by a classical music sound
            track. the included notes can be used as a mile-by-mile
            guide for either the 1-hour or 2-hour versions.

            geology/glaciology
    rio
            chama rockfall - a pictorial study
a large rockfall occurred in a
            remote area of the upper rio chama headwaters sometime
            between sept. 1998 and june 2005.  there appears to be
            no available information about the rockfall, and the author
            happened to find it while browsing with google earth.

              the




















            taku glacier - what it is and what is going to happen to
          it
all of the glaciers that exit
            from the juneau icefield are retreating - except the taku
            glacier. it appears that this anomaly of the taku glacier is
            about to end as the taku appears to be going into retreat.

              alaska's




















            melting glaciers - alaska's glaciers are melting due to
          global warming
a pictorial tour of 3 of
            alaska's tidewater glaciers (harriman, surprise, and barry)
            that are retreating. these glaciers can be easily seen via
            the "26 glacier cruise" 

ancestral rivers of the world
an illustrated world tour with
            examples of river systems that cut through mountain ranges
            instead of taking easier routes around them. the geologic
            processes involved are “antecedence” and “superimposition”.
          


geodes
amethyst geodes and cathedrals
            are fascinating members of the quartz family.


creationism, “intelligent design evangelism”,
            religious cultists
               creationism




















            = willful ignorance
a brief review of the
            fallacies of creationism and “intelligent design
            evangelism”. noah’s flood is physically impossible, but that
            doesn’t stop creationists from perverting reality in an
            attempt to force their religious beliefs on everyone else.
            is the willful ignorance of the creationists a result of
            fear?

              patriot




















            bible “university”
very few people have had a
            chance to see the current location of kent hovind’s alma
            mater - mostly because it’s a long way from any other
            “educational institution”.

              what




















            causes a creationist to be a creationist?
the answer is:  
            fear!
            1) fear of evolution.
            2) fear and hatred toward gays/lesbians.
            3) fear of women.
            4) fear of death.
            5) fear of losing their “all powerful father”.

              militant




















            protests by religious cultists against “planned parenthood”
            in durango, colorado
a small militant group of
            abortion protesters has been active at planned parenthood in
            durango, colorado. the group is run by “michaela dasteel,
            director of lifeguard” - as reported in the march 16, 2007
            durango herald.


            game analysis
               bingo
            probability and statistics
the statistics, probabilities,
            and odds involved with the popular game of bingo. includes
            algorithms for the computations.

               bridge
            combinatorics and probabilities
the statistics, combinatorics,
            and probabilities for the various point counts, suit
            distributions, and suit splits for bridge hands. includes
            “how to” mathematics.
round




















              robin and whist tournament analysis and schedules

               the
            integer brick problem
also know as the euler brick
            problem. no solutions out to odd side <= 3.0 trillion
            (3.0e12).

               monopoly
            probabilities and statistics
end-of-turn and "land on"
            statistics/frequency analysis for parker brothers monopoly
            game. all the "what is the chance of landing on ..."
            statistics. also, there are up to 50,083 ways to "go to
            jail".

               n-queens
            problem
how many queens (and/or
            superqueens) can be placed on an arbitrarily sized
            chessboard without any of them attacking another queen?
            queens to n = 26, superqueens to n = 23.

               peg solitaire (all pages include number of
          solutions)
          15
              hole peg solitaire
                 this version is for a triangular
            pattern with 5 holes (peg positions) per side.
33 hole peg
              solitaire
                 sold commercially as hi-q
                 577,116,156,815,309,849,672
            possible hi-q games
                40,861,647,040,079,968 different ways to
            win hi-q 
37 hole peg
              solitaire
                  this version is popular in france
41 hole peg
              solitaire
                  this lesser known version is extremely
            difficult

               pig (pig-out)
                    optimal
          strategy for two versions of this dice game
               poker
            probabilities
  probabilities for 5 to
            10 card hands (including misc. wild cards), lowball poker,
              and optimal strategy for video poker.

               shut the
            box - optimal strategy
  includes a prototype
            for a casino version.

               solitaire




















            chinese checkers
 the minimum number of
            moves to move a set of ten marbles from one side to the
            other is 27.


graph theory / number theory
(valid for 47 states but not
            in kansas, louisiana, or texas where all math/science
            “theories” are being thrown out as “not biblical”.)

               trochoids
epitrochoids and hypotrochoids
            are curves generated by rolling one circle around another
            stationary circle. examples and graphical illustrations are
            given.    

               partitions
how many ways are there to
            subdivide a set containing "n" items?

               rooted
            (oriented) trees
a rooted tree has a single
            vertex (node) desiginated as a "root" (usually at the top).
            travel along any of the edges is directed toward the "root".
            a table is given showing how many structurally different,
            rooted trees exist given "n" vertices.

               non rooted
            (free) trees
a non-rooted tree has a free
            form where no vertex has priority. a non-rooted tree can be
            twisted, deformed, contorted, etc. into many shapes without
            altering its structure. again, a table is given showing how
            many structurally different, non rooted trees exist given
            "n" vertices.

               ordered
            binary trees
a binary tree is rooted tree
            where each vertex can have a maximum of two edges that
            connect to lower portions of the tree. the "root" is
            normally depicted at the top. edges from any vertex in the
            tree will descend either to the left (left branch) or to the
            right (right branch).

               structurally
            different binary trees
how many structurally
            different binary trees exist given "n" vertices?

               structurally




















            different graphs
an unlabeled graph may have an
            arbitrary number of vertices with none, one, or more edges
            connecting some or all of the vertices. if you have "v"
            vertices and "e" edges, how many structurally different
            graphs can be constructed?

               ramanujan
            numbers
ramanujan numbers and the
            taxicab problem. the simplest of these solution groups is:
            1^3 + 12^3 = 9^3 + 10^3 = 1729. includes graphs showing
            2-way, 3-way, 4-way, and the 193 known 5-way solutions.
            24,153,319,581,254,312,065,344 has been confirmed as
            taxicab(6)

               analysis




















            of sorting algorithms
a common task for computers is
            to sort data as an aid to analyzing it. time trials and
            source code are provided for: bubble sort, insertion sort,
            median-of-three quicksort, multiple link list sort, and
            shell sort.

               the
            search for a counterexample to beal's conjecture
does the equation:
            ax + by = cz
            have any solution where:
            1) a, b, c, are positive integers
            2) x, y, z are positive integers  > 2
            3) and a, b, c have no common factor?
            if you can answer the above question (with either a “yes” or
            a “no”), the american mathematical society has a $1,000,000
            prize waiting for you.
            bad news - there are no counterexamples up through cz
            <= 1.0e28 (and counting).

               magic
            squares
magic squares exist for many
            different sizes and may have various qualifications on the
            numbers they contain. we will look at simple 3x3 magic
            squares and take a brief look at the “3x3 magic square of
            squares” problem.

               minimal




















            spanning trees
a brief look at minimal
            spanning trees and the problems they solve. includes
            computer generated mazes.

               voronoi




















            diagrams
a brief look at voronoi
            diagrams and the problems they solve.

              
            the traveling salesman problem
                 
          (http://www.durangobill.com/travelingsalesman/travelingsalesman.html)
a brief look at the traveling
            salesman problem and solution of a 100 vertex sample.

               dragon





















            curves
what is the result if you
            repeatedly fold a strip of paper from right to left, and
            then partially unfold it? a brief look at dragon curves.

            
           applied mathematics
               guaranteed
            profits in stock market options?
this is a demo model
            illustrating how a linear programming system can be used to
            find an optimal profit for arbitrage positions in stock
            options.

               mega
            millions odds & how to calculate them
updated for the pick 5 from 70
            / pick 1 from 25 version.

               powerball




















            odds and how to calculate them
the standard odds,
            probabilities for multiple winners,  calculations for
            “power play multiplier”, and expected “return on investment”
            are all included as well as the math operations that are
            used to calculate these numbers.

               relativity
            and your gps system
                  you might be
          thinking "what does einstein's special and general theories of
                  relativity have to
          do with a gps system?"

global warming - and those people with closed
            minds that blindly deny it
                “the
            great global warming swindle” is itself a fraud and a
            swindle
 “the great global
            warming swindle” is a pseudo-documentary in which british
            television producer martin durkin has fraudulently
            misrepresented both the data involved and scientists who
            have researched global climate. movie director durkin has
            willfully misrepresented the facts about global warming just
            to advocate his own agenda.

              global




















            warming denial - liars
global warming deniers
            misrepresent the scientific facts of global warming /
            climate change in multiple ways. the misrepresentations can
            take the form of paid political propaganda, ignorance,
            outright lies, etc. the people responsible for these
            misrepresentations can vary from “think tanks” and lobbyists
            that are financed by large corporations down to ignorant
            individuals. in particular: the oregon
institute




















              of science and medicine is in reality - a farm, and christopher




















              monckton - a vociferous global warming denier liar.

              roger
            cohen’s proposed $5,000 bet
a (retired) exxon mobil
            executive’s attempt to use money to promote his personal
            agenda. (which is to deny “global warming”.)

    the
“global




















              warming stopped in 1998” lie

one of the
              false claims that global warming deniers have been making
              in recent years is that “global warming stopped in 1998”.
              as per usual, this claim is another deliberate gwd
              falsehood that can be easily debunked by looking at the
              actual observations.

  the






              fabius maximus website

the fabius
              maximus website is an example of a global warming denier
              website. a look at the evidence that gwds lie, they are
              willfully ignorant, and they are wrong.


  inflation





              - what causes it and where are we going

what causes
              inflation, what kind of a mess are we in, and what can the
              fed do about it.


durango




















              history via topo maps

historical
              snapshots of durango, co via topo maps. the featured areas
              extend northward to include animas city and westward to
              include the rafter j subdivision.


            fight dmca abuse
               how
            to fight back against dmca abuse
the digital millennium
            copyright act has been used abusively to suppress legitimate
            criticism of cultists and other “questionable activities”.
            here’s an outline on how to fight back if you are ever a
            victim of a dmca attack.


fee demo
              fee demo
            complaint
u. s. national forests are a
            national responsibility - illustrated with a beetle bailey
            cartoon.  we now have to pay additional fees to access
            our national forest lands. this is in addition to the
            federal taxes that we all pay. previously this tax money was
            used for maintenance of these publicly owned lands.


animas river flood
the winter of 2004/2005 had a
            much above normal snow-pack over the san juan mountains. a
            heat wave in mid/late may melted large amounts of it all at
            once.


a
              giant sequoia grove near durango, colorado
a log  of the author's
            effort (and a general “how to” guide) to get a giant sequoia
            grove to grow next to the author's home west of durango,
            colorado


          genealogy/ancestry
the inishowen butlers
http://durangobill.com/inishowenbutlers/inishowenbutlers.html


do not stop hesperus solar
recently, primergy has
            proposed to build a 155 mwac solar array project. stopping
            this project would be detrimental to the people who live
            here.



website hits
              over 7.0 million page hits since start-up
          march 13, 2001.
              the pages most frequently visited are (some
            variation with time):

“the great global warming
              swindle” is itself a fraud and a swindle

powerball (visits increase
              sharply when large jackpots exist)
mega
              millions (visits increase sharply when large jackpots
              exist)

poker
home
              page
evolution of the colorado river
              (parker brothers) monopoly
grand canyon tour
bingo
n_queens




















              (a surprisingly popular classic puzzle)
creationism
(&
related




















              pages)
 




donald trump



          and who is responsible for the mess that has resulted from the
          government’s shutdown?
          trump: “i am proud to shut down the government”
          trump: “i will be the one to shut it down”
          video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4elvqrvevmq




          q: and why would trump want to "shut down the government"?
          a: (hint: "temper tantrum")


          for information on why the author of this website can not, and
          will not support mr. "i alone can fix it" ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pnmmxbejdc
          ); please see:

          'malignant narcisissm': donald trump displays classic traits
          of mental illness, claim psychologists
          (link




















            to article)

          and/or

          donald trump's malignant narcissism is toxic: psychologist
          (link




















            to usa today article)

          and/or

          president trump exhibits classic signs of mental illness,
          including 'malignant narcissism,' shrinks say
          (link




















            to daily mews article)

          etc.

https://www.google.com/search?q=donald+trump+%22malignant+narcissism%22


          malignant narcissism
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malignant_narcissism

"malignant narcissism is a psychological syndrome
            comprising an extreme mix of narcissism, antisocial
            personality disorder, aggression, and sadism. often
            grandiose, and always ready to raise hostility levels, the
            malignant narcissist undermines organizations in which they
            are involved, and dehumanizes the people with whom they
            associate."


          "a narcissist is a pathological liar who will lie about
          anything and everything for the sole purpose of gleefully
          watching you sift through the word garbage."
http://www.thenarcissisticpersonality.com/the-pathological-liar/

          and a quote from ted cruz: "i'm going to tell you what i
          really think of donald trump. this man is a pathological liar"
          (link




















            to bbc article)






          “i hate everyone in the white house!”: trump seethes as
          advisers fear the president is “unraveling”
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2017/10/donald-trump-is-unraveling-white-house-advisers

          narcissistic rage: what causes narcissists to rage?
http://narcissisticbehavior.net/what-causes-narcissistic-rage/

“narcissistic rages are not reactions to stress,
            but rather based on the underlying fear of not getting their
            needs meet, a fear so great that it will endure even after
            the threat is gone (vaknin).  because the narcissist is
            hypervigilant to narcissistic injury, he is constantly on
            the lookout for slights, insults, criticisms, or
            disagreements (real or imagined), all of which are
            experienced by him as complete and humiliating rejection, to
            which he will automatically and instantly fly into a
            rage.  the raging narcissists usually perceive their
            reaction to have been triggered by an intentional
            provocation to cause them injury, or prevent them from
            accomplishing their grandiose fantasies.  their
            response to such insult and injury is to detach from the
            person, direct his rage towards the person in a cold and
            aggressive manner, and to devalue the person as they go; to
            other people, the rage is incoherent and unjust.  this
            rage impairs the narcissist’s cognition, therefore impairing
            their judgment. during the rage they are prone to shouting,
            fact distortion and making groundless accusations with
            punitive and hate-filled malice.”


          also, please see:
          "how to recognize a malignant narcissist"
          (link




















            to article)
"i am so smart! my iq is above140."

 
            self-enhancement is a prominent feature of narcissistic
            personality disorder, regardless of the dimension. they view
            themselves in an overly positive light and believe they are
            unique and superior to others.


 
          in regard to "i am so smart", what about?

          1) "trump cheated on his sat by paying someone to take it for
          him"
          (link




















            to article)

          2) trump's name doesn't appear under cum laude, magna




















            cum laude, or sum cum laude in his 1968
          commencement yearbook
          (link




















            to commencement yearbook)

          (trump's name is listed only as a graduate on page 21, but
          does not appear in the graduate school, mba, honors sections -
          or anywhere else in the commencement booklet.)

          3) "he had terrible grades, he was a lackluster student at
          best" also, professor william t. kelley: "donald trump was the
          dumbest goddamn student i ever had!"
          (link




















            to article)

          4) the daily pennsylvanian published the 1967/1968 dean's list
          for wharton school. trump's name isn't listed there either.
          (link




















            to article)












cartoon by tom curry

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcq5ltddnwu



          as of dec. 2019 the "donald's lies" count is up to 15,413 as
          tabulated by the washington post with a physical demonstration
          of the magnitude of 15,413 as measured by "how many gumballs?"
          as shown on cnn.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmhuoqscv5a

          as of july, 2020, the count has passed 20,000. link

          the final count for trump's 4 years as president as per the
          washington post is 30,573. link


donald trump on golf


          quotes from rick reilly - author of “commander in cheat: how
          golf explains trump”

“to say “donald trump cheats” is like saying
            “michael phelps swims.” he cheats at the highest level. he
            cheats when people are watching, and he cheats when they
            aren’t. he cheats whether you like it or not.”

            “i’ve found that to be true with golf. the guy who plays
            slowly on the course is going to be molasses in meetings.
            the guy who’s generous with compliments on the course is
            going to do the same at dinner. and the guy who cheats on
            the course is going to cheat in business, or on his taxes
            or, say, in politics.”

            “why cheat? why lie? why exaggerate his handicap, his
            scores, his club championships? “because he has to,” says
            harvard psychiatrist dr. lance dodes, co-author of the
            dangerous case of donald trump. he needs to be the best at
            everything. he can’t stand not winning, not being the best.”
            

(link




















            to golf.com)
          and/or
          "sportswriter: trump cheats like a mafia accountant at golf"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inxgbthybvc&t=189s






 cartoon by chris britt



          and finally, as to why trump supporters are perfectly willing
          to accept a president who is an insane madman, please see:

          “a neuroscientist explains what could be wrong with trump
          supporters’ brains”
          (link




















            to article)









"rethuglican" ignorance and hatred - this
            is why we have a "rethuglican" terrorist problem
rethuglican: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/rethuglican



trump: “i could stand in the middle of fifth avenue and
            shoot somebody, and i wouldn’t lose any voters, ok? it’s,
            like, incredible.”
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/what-do-trump-supporters-see-in-their-candidate/






          also, please see:
          "just what were donald trump's ties to the mob?"
          (link




















            to article)

          and/or

          "is donald trump the first gangster president?"
http://observer.com/2018/04/donald-trump-gangster-president/

          and/or

          "comey is exactly right about trump being like a mob boss"
          (link




















            to cnn article)

          and/or

 just run a google search using:
          "donald trump" organized crime





          the above cartoon was created by dave whamond in sept. 2019.
          it depicts trump's extortion attempt where he withheld $400
          million that was supposed to go the ukraine unless the
          ukrainians agreed to "3 favors".
          (link




















            to article)




"trump said he'd cut the
              national debt 'very quickly' "


          "candidate donald trump promised his supporters he would
          reduce the national debt from $18 trillion, if elected
          president" link


             thanks to trump's dec. 2017 tax-cut for the very
          rich, the national debt reached 22 trillion in 2019 - and that
          was before his covid-19 fiasco. as of sept. 2020, we've now
          passed $26 trillion and counting. https://www.usdebtclock.org/




















          
          (maybe mexico will pay for it - just like his wall.)



trump/tillerson/“f***ing
              moron”
              coronavirus/covid-19


https://www.cnbc.com/2017/10/04/tillerson-called-trump-a-moron-says-report.html
            and/or
https://www.gq.com/story/rex-tillerson-spot-the-lie


             as for trump's ability to control the coronavirus
          (covid-19) and/or manage the u. s. economy, here is a headline
          from the new york post as of feb. 24, 2020.






          here is trump's feb. 24, 2020 twitter post.





              you can check the recent death count of
          u.s. citizens for the latest “under control” total. as for
          trump's advance “planning” for this pandemic:
          “the trump administration fired the u.s. pandemic response
          team in 2018 to cut costs.”
https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/trump-fire-pandemic-team/
          and/or
          "trump




















            disbanded nsc pandemic unit that experts had praised"


             also, please see https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/experts-officials-pandemic-2018/

“when the next pandemic occurs (and make no
            mistake, it will) and the federal government is unable to
            respond in a coordinated and effective fashion to protect
            the lives of us citizens and others, this decision by john
            bolton and donald trump will be why.”





             the graph above is from wikipedia's "veracity of
          statements by donald trump" web page. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veracity_of_statements_by_donald_trump
          the graph shows some of donald trump's statements about
          controlling the disease vs. the number of cases in the united
          states up through the end of march 2020. it should be noted
          that as of late july, the number of cases is off the right
          edge of the graph - and off the right edge by a factor of 30
          (and rapidly counting).

             as for claims that the trump administration is
          being unfairly blamed for an “unexpected” pandemic, the 29
          january 2019 report from the office of the director of
          national intelligence states:
we assess that the united states and the world
            will remain vulnerable to the next flu pandemic or
            large-scale outbreak of a contagious disease that could lead
            to massive rates of death and disability, severely affect
            the world economy, strain international resources, and
            increase calls on the united states for support.

https://www.dni.gov/files/odni/documents/2019-ata-sfr---ssci.pdf


          on jan. 29, 2020:
https://news.yahoo.com/trade-adviser-warned-white-house-122107510.html
a top white house adviser starkly warned trump
            administration officials in late january that the
            coronavirus crisis could cost the united states trillions of
            dollars and put millions of americans at risk of illness or
            death.

            the warning, written in a memo by peter navarro, president
            donald trump’s trade adviser, is the highest-level alert
            known to have circulated inside the west wing as the
            administration was taking its first substantive steps to
            confront a crisis that had already consumed china’s leaders
            and would go on to upend life in europe and the united
            states.

            “the lack of immune protection or an existing cure or
            vaccine would leave americans defenseless in the case of a
            full-blown coronavirus outbreak on u.s. soil,” navarro’s
            memo said. “this lack of protection elevates the risk of the
            coronavirus evolving into a full-blown pandemic, imperiling
            the lives of millions of americans.”


              for a more complete list that donald trump
          was warned in advance about a possible pandemic, please see:
trump says 'nobody' could've predicted a pandemic
            like coronavirus. here are all the times he was warned about
            it and refused to take action.
            (link




















              to article)


          after the coronavirus (covid-19) was officially




















            declared to be a pandemic by the world health organization,
          when asked about the incident, trump's reply was “i don’t
            know anything about it,”
          (click




















            here for source)

             in 2016 the national safety council prepared a
          “white house playbook” outlining what the president should do
          if a pandemic appeared likely. “playbook for early response to
          high-consequence emerging infectious disease threats and
          biological incidents”
          (link




















            to article)

             did president trump pay any attention to it?
          nope. how many lives would have been saved if donald trump had
          followed what the experts had recommended vs. trump's own
          ignorance and arrogance?

              in october 2019 the center for disease
          control ran a simulation of a pandemic and documented:
“that officials at the departments of homeland
            security and health and human services, and even at the
            white house’s national security council, were aware of the
            potential for a respiratory virus outbreak originating in
            china to spread quickly to the united states and overwhelm
            the nation.”

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/19/us/politics/trump-coronavirus-outbreak.html
          nothing was done.

             and when the covid-19 began to ravage the
          country, donald trump muzzled and sidelined the center for
          disease control.
          "where is the cdc? how trump sidelined the public health
          agency in a pandemic"
          (link




















            to article)





(click on the picture for a large image)


             the picture above is a print screen copy of johns
          hopkins university's covid-19 coronavirus web page as of march
          26, 2020. if you check the above display, it shows that as of
          march 26, 2020, the united states had 83,507 confirmed cases
          of covid-19 with 1,178 deaths. if you check these numbers with
          any subsequent totals, you will get an idea of how fast the
          disease is spreading. for reference purposes, on march 1,
          2020, the u. s. had only 30 confirmed cases.
https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/cases-updates/cases-in-us.html

          a quote from donald trump from a press conference on feb 26,
          2020:
and again, when you have 15 people [in the u.s.
            infected with the virus], and the 15 within a couple of days
            is going to be down to close to zero, that’s a pretty good
            job we’ve done.

          (link




















            to white house press conference)





   note: the above covid-19 chart
            has been updated through oct. 13, 2022 data. covid-19 is
            expected to become a persistent, low-level endemic disease
            in the u. s. the chart will not be updated again unless
            another spike in u. s. cases occurs.

                in june, 2021 florida started reporting
            covid-19 cases on a weekly basis instead of daily. this has
            caused wide fluctuations in the daily numbers, but both the
            7-day averages and the smoothed calculated results are
            capable of smoothing these fluctuations.


             the graph above shows the current status of
          covid-19 cases in the u. s. and for the state of colorado.
          (data sources: johns hopkins university and co dept. of public
          health)

             the dots show the daily number of new cases for
          the disease. the solid black line shows the total number of u.
          s. deaths as of each date. the solid green line shows the
          total number of deaths in the state of colorado.

             for comparative purposes, the number of americans
          killed in combat were:
          1) korean war (1950 - 1953): 33,686
          2) vietnam war (1955 - 1975): 47,424
          3) world war i (1917 - 1918): 53,402
          4) world war ii (1941- 1945: 291,557
          data source:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_military_casualties_of_war

             as of december 17, 2021, the covid-19 virus has
          killed more americans than the combined total of american
          combat deaths in world war ii, plus world war i, plus the
          korean war, plus the vietnam war, plus 10 years of automobile
          related deaths.

            up through jan. 2021, the death rate per capita in the
          united states averaged more than 5 times the death rate in the
          combined rest of the world. (since then, the u. s. death rate
          per capita has improved, - but just for the vaccinated portion
          of the population.) data sources: john hopkins university ( https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html
          ) and world census data. why? how about trump, his trumpsters,
          and other willful ignoramuses that deny scientific advice on
          how to avoid getting sick.  


             the red and yellow solid curved lines are least
          squares, sum of 29 normal distribution ("bell" distribution)
          curves fitted to the daily observations. the dashed lines are
          7-day, centered moving averages for the two data sets.

             on a per capita basis, while trump was president,
          the united states had over 6 times as many cases as the rest
          of the world. also, the united states has had over 5 times as
          many deaths per capita as the rest of the world. if the u. s.
          death rate per capita equaled that in the rest of the world,
          then u. s. deaths from covid-19 would be about 200,000. and in
          donald trump's deranged mind "i think we've done a great job".
https://www.cnn.com/2020/05/01/world/meanwhile-in-america-may-1/index.html


          my stance on the refusal of people to get vaccinated:
          if the willfully ignorant, anti-science, anti-vaxers refuse to
          get vaccinated; by all means, let them have their way. when
          they get sick and die, their elimination will only improve the
          average i. q. of the surviving gene pool.





picture source: neil degrasse tyson





u. s. vs new zealand medical handling of
            covid-19

           



             the graph above is a copy of new zealand's daily
          number of covid-19 cases. graph source at: ( link




















            to new zealand's ministry of health ) new zealand has
          about the same population and land area as colorado.

             new zealand's government officials and general
          population have a respect for scientific knowledge as opposed
          to donald trump and his u. s. "dittoheads". ("dittohead" can
          be roughly defined as a person who believes that "ignorance is
          a virtue" and/or is convinced that the only person in the
          world that is "important" is the person they see in a mirror.)

             the graph above shows an explosion of covid-19
          cases in new zealand during march 2020 - similar to what
          happened in the u. s. to fight the disease, new zealand
          instituted a "lock-down" to isolate those people who were
          infected. unlike the u. s. where many people have an attitude
          of "the only person who is important is me", new
          zealanders respected the lock-down. the result was a rapid
          decline in new cases during the month of april, and the
          disease was under control by the 2nd week in may. from the 2nd
          week in may, lock-down controls could be relaxed. and of
          course virtually all economic restrictions and hardships could
          safely go back to normal.


               all of the above blunders by donald trump
          were “duly rewarded” by march 26, 2020. the u.s. became number




















            1  in the world - as measured by the greatest
          number of people that had become victims of the covid-19
          coronavirus. china has far more people than the u. s., but
          their government listened to expert advice and stopped the
          spread of the virus in china. in the u. s., ignorance and
          arrogance were in charge, and guess what the result has been?

             as shown in the may 9, 2020 web page of "the
          guardian":
          donald trump: “this is going to go away without a vaccine.
          it’s going to go away, and we’re not going to see it again.” (video)
          (and how many lives latter will that be?)

          finally, we have donald trump's advice for a deterrent to the
          covid-19 virus:
          nbc news (link)
"president donald trump suggested the possibility
            of an "injection" of disinfectant into a person infected
            with the coronavirus as a deterrent to the virus during his
            daily briefing thursday."

              and there's always the "medical advice"
          (promoted by donald trump and fox "news") that
          hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine are effective medicines and
          a "game changer" in the fight against covid-19. trump: "what
          have you got to lose?". turns out that "what have you got to
          lose?" is your life. from the journal of the american medical
          association: "here we present analyses until day 13, with
          lethality as the primary outcome." ( link
          )
          also "study finds no benefit, higher death rate in patients
          taking hydroxychloroquine for covid-19". ( link
          )

          rex tillerson said it best - “f***ing moron”

             and now that dr. fauci (a recognized medical
          expert and director of the national institute of allergy and
          infectious diseases) has become an “unperson” because he won’t
          promote donald trump’s conspiracy theories, trump has turned
          to a new “doctor” who was born in cameroon (africa), whose
          “medical degree” is from nigeria, and is the founder of fire
          power ministries.

“trump’s




















          new favorite covid doctor believes in alien dna, demon sperm,
          and hydroxychloroquine”

          ( link




















            to article )

          “the president is pushing the coronavirus theories of a
          houston doctor who also says sexual visitations by demons and
          alien dna are at the root of americans’ common health
          concerns.”

          “a houston doctor who praises hydroxychloroquine and says that
          face masks aren’t necessary to stop transmission of the highly
          contagious coronavirus has become a star on the right-wing
          internet, garnering tens of millions of views on facebook on
          monday alone. donald trump jr. declared the video of stella
          immanuel a “must watch,” while donald trump himself retweeted
          the video.”


           
             as for “how” we got into this mess, rush limbaugh
          (see http://www.durangobill.com/gwdliars/gwdliarsindex.html
          ) worked for years cultivating an “ignorance is a virtue” and
          “hatred against fellow americans is good” system. he convinced
          enough americans so that donald trump was elected to finish
          the job of destroying what used to “make america great”. the
          process was somewhat like setting up a long row of dominoes.
          the coronavirus tipped the first domino over.


             for additional information about donald trump's
          covid-19 fiasco, please see:
          "anatomy




















            of a man-made disaster: 320 ways donald trump failed to
            protect us from the coronavirus"


          as to who correctly warned about the coronavirus early in the
          game . . .
          joe biden on jan. 27, 2020:
link




















            to usa today article
"the possibility of a pandemic is a challenge
            donald trump is unqualified to handle as president."

            "trump’s demonstrated failures of judgment and his repeated
            rejection of science make him the worst possible person to
            lead our country through a global health challenge."


          a final note on the "value" of donald trump's medical
          knowledge. did you know that according to donald trump, the
          noise from wind turbines causes cancer?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0s5zqmb09g





 emancipated from trump



          note to those compiling donald trump's "enemies list(s)" and
          "fake news list(s)":
          please add my name to your lists.
          for voting purposes, the author is a registered "independent".
          however, it seems likely that donald trump would consider my
          viewpoint as a member of the "new far left fascism".
          (link




















            to npr article)



information
              about the website author 

            
          contact
               bill butler
               e-mail:
          lisabill@wcenturywlink.net  (remove both "w"s for a
          valid e-mail address.)

          note: the author (bill butler) of this website is a magna
            cum laude, computer science graduate of brown
          university. for fun and games this included all the math and
          applied math courses for a degree in operations research.





          the photo above shows the author’s home near durango, co. for
          a 4 minute aerial video, please see

https://vimeo.com/119921726
          or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vw9oinno8wm
          (click on the full screen icon in the lower right corner for
          best resolution.)

          for a 10:46 video set to liszt's 2nd hungarian rhapsody, see:
          https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_lvy--_idu&feature=youtu.be



the author of this web
              page supports "stem" education





          the picture above is from nasa’s adopt the planet promotion.
          (link




















            to nasa web page)
          it shows the location of the randomly generated 3,076 sq. mile
          plot that the author has “adopted” as part of nasa’s earth day
          2017 program.

             we are living in an age where many people think
          that anti-intellectualism and ignorance are virtues. the
          author of this website takes a contrary view. if america is to
          maintain its “great” status in the future, we must educate our
          people so that they are competent in the fields of science,
          technology, engineering, and mathematics. if instead, our goal
          is to revive the coal industry so that more of our citizens
          will die of black lung disease, america will not be “great
          again”.

             the author supports nasa’s efforts to learn about
          our planet so that we can make it a better place to live. the
          author supports the ideal that our voters should be an
          “informed electorate”.

          thomas jefferson - “a properly functioning democracy depends
          on an informed electorate.”



the puppy dog






and finally, we have “the
            puppy dog”
            subtitle: “here comes trouble”








          web page generated via sea monkey's composer html editor
          within  a linux cinnamon mint 18 operating system.
          (goodbye microsoft)

 




