

































































lincoln journal star | breaking news | | read lincoln, ne and nebraska breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    




(1) closing notifications
            





×
 closing notifications






location
type
date
time



lps - lincoln public schools
closed
02/19/2025
all day


























-1°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



nebraska news



politics



records



business



nation & world



last 24 hours



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists




sports


huskers



high school



college



stars hockey



saltdogs baseball



outdoors



professional




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



movies & tv



music



puzzles



comics



contests



play



food & cooking



parenting



health



get healthy



home & garden



people



pets



faith



announcements




community


neighborhood extra



l magazine




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



auto sales



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

huskers

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

autos









-1°
mostly cloudy
























        
        
            lincoln police chief says use of force on man with knife 'very appropriate'

lincoln police department chief michon morrow defended an officer's use of a police cruiser to get the man "to at least fall over."    

















        
        
            journal star owner says recovery from 'cybersecurity attack' operations may take weeks

the owner of the journal star indicated in a securities filing tuesday that the cybersecurity attack that disrupted its systems two weeks ago will continue to impact operations for several weeks.

















        
        
            longtime lincoln board of education member won't seek reelection after 24 years

don mayhew, who has represented southwest lincoln on the lincoln board of education since 2001, announced tuesday he will not run for another term this spring.

















        
        
            nebraska lawmaker's newsletter decrying dei prompts backlash

sen. loren lippincott's newspaper column decrying diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives that he suggested have led to recent aviation disasters faced intense backlash tuesday from fellow lawmakers.

















        
        
            fire near 25th and l streets in lincoln destroys 2 homes, damages 3rd

two of the homes were considered total losses, with a combined value of $388,700. the third home sustained significant damage and is currently considered uninhabitable.


















        
        
            photos & video: fire in central lincoln destroys 2 homes, damages third

lincoln fire and rescue crews battled a large fire in a residential neighborhood feb. 18, 2025, amid brutally cold conditions. 

















        
        
            nebraska state patrol remembers trooper killed by snowplow on i-80

the nebraska state patrol continues to mourn the death of trooper kyle mcacy, who died after being struck by a snowplow during a snowstorm along interstate 80 monday.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            hhs suspended kearney-area doctor's medical license for 90 days


















        
        
            nebraska lawmaker's newsletter decrying dei prompts backlash


















        
        
            lincoln police chief says use of force on man with knife 'very appropriate'















                
                the latest



















        
        
            southeast nebraska neighbors: obituaries for february 19

read through the obituaries published today in the lincoln journal star. 





















        
        
            february 18 recap: southeast nebraska news you may have missed today

get a recap of tuesday's local news stories from the lincoln journal star. 




















        
        
            nebraska ag calls oversight bill a good step, but he still has constitutional concerns

nebraska attorney general mike hilgers said a bill seeking to improve legislative oversight with government watchdogs is a good step toward preventing past conflicts, but he still has constitutional concerns.




















        
        
            lincoln public schools cancels classes wednesday due to cold

lincoln is in a cold weather advisory until noon wednesday because of wind chills that could drop as low as minus 25 to minus 30 degrees. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            daily minute: fire damages 3 homes; shooting victim identified; nebraska rbs coach staying




















        
        
            ukraine rejects us-russia talks as moscow says no nato peacekeepers




















        
        
            trump admin cuts fda staff, targeting food, medical device reviewers




















        
        
            russia-ukraine war: zelensky pleads for 'fair' ukraine talks involving europe












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            prep glance: highlights from tuesday's high school sports action

check out the highlights from tuesday's high school sports action.




















        
        
            girls state wrestling notes: southeast's aldag, east's hains to sqaure off in semifinals

check out the highlights from day 1 of the girls state wrestling tournament in omaha.




















        
        
            area tracker: how city and area athletes are faring at the girls state wrestling tournament

here's an up-to-the-minute glimpse at how city and area girls wrestlers are faring in omaha.




















        
        
            big ten men's basketball rankings, february 18

here are the latest big ten men's basketball rankings, which debuts a new no. 1.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            my pet world: chewing challenges — keeping a high-energy hound happily engaged

dear cathy,




















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            top reasons to hire a lawyer for your pedestrian accident claim

contributor content. if you’ve been involved in a pedestrian accident, hiring a lawyer can make all the difference. learn the top reasons why legal help is crucial for your claim.












sponsored








        
        
            flavorful versatility, budget-friendly? surprise! it’s ground pork!

content by the power of pork. whether dinner tonight is spaghetti, tacos, burgers or even egg rolls (see recipe), ground pork can truly save the day — and your grocery bill!












contributor








        
        
            how smart eyewear is changing the everyday eyeglass experience

contributor content. learn about the benefits of smart glasses and how they're changing the eyewear experience.  
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            ryan august exteriors



                                        1510 s 11th st, lincoln, ne 68502
                                    






























        
        
            michael hamson oceanic art



                                        360 palos verdes dr w, palos verdes estates, ca 90274
                                    






 website






















        
        
            meridian clinical research



                                        3319 n. 107th street, omaha, ne 68134
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















service





        
        
            blue earth marketing - ad from 2025-02-16
























office





        
        
            the fish agency, inc - ad from 2025-02-14
























medical





        
        
            tabitha health care services - ad from 2025-02-16
























electronics





        
        
            time shoppe - ad from 2025-02-19





























×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


the columbus telegram

the fremont tribune

the beatrice daily sun

place an ad

event calendar

online features

work here

inspire lincoln

get healthy




services


subscriber services

advertise with us

e-edition

rss

newsletters

contact us

become a carrier

services

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the lincoln journal star, po box 81609 lincoln, ne 68501
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe






husker news

subscribe

























