








titleix.info - title ix home



















home

history

faces of title ix

getinvolved

resources


fun stuff







new & newsworthy40th anniversary of title ix: the next generationas the faces of title ix stories show, women and girls have come a long way since the enactment of title ix -- 
the federal civil rights law that prohibits sex discrimination in 
education. still, far too many students are denied equal educational 
opportunities. the national women’s law center works to eliminate and 
prevent barriers to students' success in school. although title ix is 
best known for breaking down barriers in sports for women and girls, it also opens the door for girls to pursue math and science, requires fair treatment for pregnant and parenting students, and protects students from bullying and sexual harassment, among other things.
										explore this article
									a pregnancy test for schools: the impact of education laws on pregnant and parenting studentsparenthood is not the end of the road for teen moms. quite to the 
contrary, motherhood can serve as an educational motivator for many 
young women. unfortunately, educational barriers and discrimination 
often thwart this drive and determination. despite title ix's 
prohibition against sex discrimination, there are schools across the 
country that continue to bar pregnant and parenting students from 
activities, kick them out of school, pressure them to attend alternative
 programs, and penalize them for pregnancy-related absences. read the report, a pregnancy test for schools: the impact of education laws on pregnant and parenting students.
										explore this article
									title ix at 40: working to ensure gender equity in educationyou've heard about title ix and athletics, but title ix is about much 
more! in honor of the 40th anniversary of the law's passage, the 
national coalition for women and girls in education published a 
comprehensive report to help give educators, parents, students, and 
lawmakers a better understanding of title ix's impact and challenges 
that remain in many areas of education, in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, career and technical education, bullying and sexual harassment, single-sex education, pregnant and parenting students and athletics.
										explore this article
									



10 key areas of title ix
access to higher educationathletics under title ixcareer educationeducation for pregnant and parenting studentsemploymentlearning environmentmath and sciencesexual harassmentstandardized testingtechnology






get connected

stay on the cutting edge with email updates from titleix. one new person a month will receive 5 free bracelets! 









featured faces of title ix








at 17, shree bose won the first google science fair with her research on ovarian cancer. shree embodies the promise of title ix — a law which keeps doors open for young women to pursue the stem disciplines — science, technology, engineering and math.read more meet more faces of title ix 


spotlightfind your title ix coordinatordo you know every school has a titleix coordinator who enforces gender equity? learn more and find yours! titleix historycheck out our history page!the living law welcome to titleix.infoare you looking for the get involved page?click here to get involved! 


fact or myth

eight in ten voters support titleix.click here to find out 




© 2025 the margaret fund of nwlc

privacy policy
contact
sources 



