






kelowna attractions, wineries, amusements and more!

























home
attractions and amusements
wineries & tours
accommodations
history
maps
houses of worship
contact us

    menu
  


kelowna





quick links:   - 
okanagan valley map of it's lakes & mountains - 
kvr - 
campgrounds & rv parks - 
wine tours - 
fun on okanagan lake - 
attractions: adventure




kelowna is nestled in the heart of the okanagan valley, a year-round paradise for adults and children with attractions such as the okanagan lake, big white, golf courses, wineries, museums, historical sites like the kettle valley railway and father pandosy mission, fishing, shopping, and live entertainment, including sporting events, theatre, and music. the city has something for everyone.



the weather network











kelowna


fun on the lake


the sails


father pandosy mission


mission creek greenway


i'm looking for the ogopogo, the funny little ogopogo.
his mother was an earwig and his father was a whale.
i'm going to put a little bit of salt on his tail.


okanagan wine


golf



kvr



jquery carousel
















visitors strolling along one of the streets in the downtown, cultural and shopping districts or along kelowna's waterfront can find themselves captivated by one of the many performers busking on the street at one of the city's 15 busk stops.
and of course no visit to kelowna would be complete without visiting one of its many wineries or orchards. depending on the time of year, visitors can fill their pails with a wide variety of fresh fruit from apples to cherries and everything between.
for the weekend athlete there are a number of bicycling, horseback and hiking trails located throughout the valley. kelowna also has a number of events for the more serious athlete such as the ski to sea, where athletes ski, bike, run and canoe their way from big white to okanagan lake to the okanagan marathon and the kelowna apple triathlon.


kelowna is also home to a number of sports teams including a major junior hockey team, the rockets, a british columbia junior b team, the chiefs, a pacific international league baseball team and a junior football league team, the okanagan sun.
if sporting events are not your thing kelowna is one of b.c.'s cultural centres, with a thriving cultural district that includes an art gallery, a performing arts centre and four museums.








home
amusements & attractions
wineries & tours
accommodations
history
contact us
privacy policy







