













the kingdom of the west | kingdom of the west




















skip to main content















kingdom of the west



            northern and central california, northwestern nevada, alaska, japan, south korea, guam, diego garcia, philippines and thailand          
 










search terms: 







login 
e-mail address *




what? no password?












search 

login 







main menunew members
officers
groups
calendars
kingdom information
arts and sciences
  
 





          the kingdom of the west        







the kingdom of the west is the founding kingdom of the sca and was established in 1966. visit our fair kingdom and come to an event, meeting, or fighter practice. please contact us to find out more about the sca. you are welcome in the west!
fabliska.png


fabian, rex - eliska, regina 


last of lix challengeaward recommendationsrequest event dateevent copy submission the society for creative anachronismthe society for creative anachronism (sca) is an international non-profit volunteer educational organization. the sca is devoted to the research and re-creation of pre-seventeenth century skills, arts, combat, culture, and employing knowledge of history to enrich the lives of participants through events, demonstrations, and other educational presentations and activities.although the sca complies with all applicable laws to try to ensure the health and safety of our event participants, we cannot eliminate the risk of exposure to infectious diseases during in-person events. by participating in the in-person events of the sca, acknowledge and accept the potential risks. you agree to take any additional steps to protect your own health and safety and those under your control as you believe to be necessary.  info about our soverigns  




 



having issues (including email)? click the link below to report!

click here to report issues



calendar links


adding your group info to activities calendar
adding the calendar to your device
mobile view




 
 
 




related sites

 society for creative anachronism
 principality of the mists
 principality of cynagua
 principality of oertha
 




activities


heavy fighting
rapier
archery
arts and sciences
dancing
volunteering






contact

 seneschal - general group business chatelaine - help for new members web minister - issues with this site media relations - public interaction 




resources


kingdom facebook page
facebook discussion group
sca online newsletter
history project
who's who
award recommendations
online membership renewal
missing or incorrect information?




 




 copyright © 2010-2025 kingdom of the west. the original contributors retain the copyright of certain portions of this site.the kingdom of the west includes northern and central california, northwestern nevada, alaska, japan, south korea, guam, diego garcia, philippines and thailand.this is the recognized web site for the kingdom of the west of the society for creative anachronism, inc. and is maintained by karius hutzelmann, kingdom of the west web minister. this site may contain electronic versions of the group's governing documents. any discrepancies between the electronic version of any information on this site and the printed version that is available from the originating office will be decided in favor of the printed version. for information on using photographs, articles, or artwork from this web site, please contact the web minister. they will assist you in contacting the original creator of the piece. please respect the legal rights of our contributors.all external links are not part of the kingdom of the west web site. inclusion of a page or site here is neither implicit nor explicit endorsement of the site. further, sca, inc. is not responsible for content outside of westkingdom.org.  


 
 
 





 









error | kingdom of the west









skip to main content






kingdom of the west



              northern and central california, northwestern nevada, alaska, japan, south korea, guam, diego garcia, philippines and thailand            
 
 



error        the website encountered an unexpected error. please try again later.               
 
 


