


			ken & dawn ellis - pictures, videos, weddings, children, grandchildren,
			and
			vacations - boca raton, florida
		

















click here
							to open this video in youtube and comment on it.
							



								ken & dawn ellis welcome you to "kodachrome.org"
								
								above is just one of our videos.
								please take a look at the rest of our videos on
								
								youtube at
								youtube.com/atimetoremember




								below is a list of some of our web pages.
								
								we hope you will take time to check out a few!
								



spiritual gifts test
							 ---  
							youth spiritual gifts test

sound and light training manual
							 ---  
							save the australian pines

ken & dawn ellis
							 --- 
							wedding of krista (our daughter) & khris
							 --- 
							wedding of scott (our son) & tracie

matthew alexander cox (our first grandson)
							 --- 
							nathan levi cox (our second grandson)

							you can also find us on flickr at 
								http://www.flickr.com/photos/atimetoremember/sets/





						greetings from 
						ken & dawn ellis
						:
						


						this little corner of the web is an introduction to ken & dawn ellis, our
						family, and our interests. we are originally from york, pennsylvania, lived a
						short time in myrtle beach, south carolina, and have called boca raton, florida
						our home since 1980.
						

						clicking on any of the underlined words on this page will take you to
						one of our web pages.  we have a web page about
						ken and dawn ellis
						, that's me and my lovely wife. we have two children (young
						adults) named scott and krista.
						

						ken worked for siemens for 24 years and dawn worked for siemens for 12
						years. however, due to the slump in the telecom industry we both lost our
						jobs. dawn is now working at 
						first united methodist church
						of boca raton 	and ken is now working at 
						coral ridge ministries
						in fort lauderdale.
						

						on 
						october 17th, 1999,
						our daughter, krista, got married to khristopher cox.  you can see pictures
						of her
						bridal shower
						and their
						wedding day
						. krista and khris now live in charlotte, north carolina.  
						

						on december 29th, 2004, krista & khris were blessed with a baby boy! 
						his name is
						matthew alexander cox
						.  needless to say, grandma dawn and grandaddy ken are as pleased as we
						can be!  there is a video of matthew on youtube called 
						let them be little
						.
						

						on june 29th, 2007, krista & khris had a second son.  his name is 
						nathan levi cox
						. again, grandma and grandaddy cound not be happier!
						there is a video of nathan on youtube called
						the amazing nathan levi
						.
						

						this space is reserved for krista & khris' third child who is not yet born  
						...
						.						.
						

						march 3rd, 2001, our son, scott ellis married tracie crawford. you can
						also see pictures of their        
						wedding 
						.  they live in concord, north carolina (near charlotte).  their web site is 
						stormcrow.org
						. you can see more of scott on his 
						birthday page
						.
						

						in july of 2000, we had the pleasure of attending the wedding of
						our niece, brandi marshall to craig b.  they were blessed with the
						birth of their first son, nickolas james in may of 2003.  and in
						september of 2004, they had a second son, zackary greg. 
						

						our other niece, 
						wendy marshall, was married to michael carney
						 on september 27, 2003 at heidelberg united church of christ in york, pa.  they
						now have two daughters.  elizabeth rose was born on january 4th 2006 and olivia
						lynn was born on july 27th 2007.  there is a video of olivia lynn on youtube
						called
						olivia lynn
						.
						

						ken has always been interested in sound, lighting, and video.  he ran sound at
						advent lutheran church for about 12 years and several years at first christian church.  ken has put together a 
						sound and light training (salt) manual
						 that many church sound technicians have found to be helpful.
						

						there is an online 
						spiritual gifts test
						to give christians an opportunity to learn a little more about the wonderful
						gifts that god has given to each one of us.  a new 
						youth spiritual gifts test
						has recently been added.
						
						if you just want to relax, then try
						scripture pictures
						.
						

						during the summer of 1999, ken & dawn enjoyed a spectacular
						national parks and canyon country vacation
						. sights we got to see included the black hills, crazy horse memorial, mount
						rushmore, devil's tower, bighorn mountains, yellowstone national park, old
						faithful, grand teton national park, snake river, salt lake city, bryce canyon,
						zion national park, lake powell, grand canyon, hoover dam, and las vegas.
						

						our 2001 vacation took us on a tour of
						mackinac island, great lakes, and niagara falls
						.  this trip took us to the henry ford museum, frankenmuth, the grand hotel on
						mackinac island, african lion safari, niagara falls, a ride on the maid of the
						mist, the corning glass museum, and the stuben glass factory.
						

						in the spring of 2002, we went with christian tours again.  this time, the trip
						was to 
						branson, missouri and  the precious moments chapel.
						we saw a number of musical shows in branson.  at the precious moments chapel,
						we saw the beautiful stained glass windows that sam butcher made.
						

						in the fall of 2002, we went back to our home town of 
						york, pa
						.  we visited with dawn's parents and her sister's family and learned that
						brandi, our oldest niece, and her husband craig were expecting a baby!  while
						we were in york, we visited the harley davidson
						factory to see how they built motor cycles.
						

						along the way to pennsylvania, we stopped for a day in 
						myrtle beach, sc
						where we had lived for a short time "when we were young and wild".  one of our
						favorite things about myrtle beach was the pavilion park with its beautiful
						carousel.  sadly, the pavilion has now been torn down and all the rides have
						been taken away.
						

						we also took a short trip to
						lion country safari
						in near-by west palm beach, fl.   lion country is actually a "drive through"
						zoo.  you really get up close (sometimes too close) to the animals!  we took
						lots of pictures . . .
						

						for a number of years, quiet waters park in deerfield beach has been the site of the south florida 
						renaissance festival
						. these pictures were taken before the caretakers of quiet waters decided to cut down all the 
						beautiful australian pine trees in the park and turn it into what looks like a nuclear wasteland.
						

						ken likes to go to the beach, but really doesn't like being out in the sun. he
						likes beaches with lots of tall shady australian pine trees. unfortunately, the
						environmentalists in south florida have declared war on the australian pine
						trees and are trying to wipe them out. ken has a web page titled
						save the australian pines
						that we hope you will take a look at.
						

						florida gets some really awesome lightning storms.   here are a few 
						lightning pictures
						.
						

						on december 24th, 1999, we were privileged to have the opportunity to take
						pictures at the wedding of pastors fred & karen mortensen's son,
						kristofer mortensen to lori bowen
						.
						

						pastors fred & karen's youngest daughter, britt, and wes smith (also a pastor's
						kid) were joined together in a beautiful 
						north carolina country wedding
						.  their wedding pictures by jonathan burton are some of the best i have ever
						seen!
						
sicsafco cmffp scientific calculator 2200uf 40vcc 85c long life capacitor in business his pdf to jpeg converter
 research suffer exhusband jay glass  space displays timezone converter 13 artists' takes on the   


						kaia, pastors fred & karen's other daughter had a 
						bridal shower
						in december of 2002.  kaia mortensen was married to matt dolton on may 17th,
						2003 by the beach at the hillsboro club.  you can see pictures of their 
						wedding rehearsal
						 and of their 
						wedding day.


						for many years, we regularly attended two churches.  on saturday evenings we
						worship in a "house church" called
						shepherd's promise
						.  it was a very small flock shepherded by pastors fred & karen mortensen. each
						year on resurrection day, we had a son-rise service on the beach (pictures from
						2000
						,
						2002
						,
						2003
						).
						however, there is a time and a season for everything, and the season for
						shepherd's promise has now come to an end.
						

						for about 12 years, ken & dawn were very active in advent lutheran church's
						outreach music ministry called m.a.g.i.c. - music aimed at growth in christ.
						dawn sang in the group and ken ran sound.  a few years ago, 
						m.a.g.i.c. had a reunion party.


						ken's parents have both gone to be with the lord and so we have a web page
						in memory of gladys & kenneth ellis
						.
						

jim bescherer ("boppy")
						, father of pastor karen mortensen, went to be with the lord on september 26th,
						2001.
						

						my favorite song of all time is one written by mark lowery called
						mary, did you know?
						the words to this song make you think about how jesus is both human and god. it
						makes you wonder what it must have been like for mary . . .
						

						our internet 
						christmas card
						to you tells the story of mary, joseph, and baby jesus.
						

						we hope you have enjoyed our little corner of the web.  please come back again!
						

						god bless,
						
ken & dawn ellis









