


scam victims united





























web



www.scamvictimsunited.com
















 
 























































































 


 



          
           


		  report scams and
		  
		  resources for victims


          
		  find us on
		  
		  facebook, 
		  twitter,
		  
		  youtube and
		  more

          
		  follow our
		  blog

          
		  support us by shopping with
		  these 
		  retailers



mission 
              statement

			scam 
      victims united offers support and resources to victims through message 
              groups and networking with other victims. this provides for a safe 
              environment in which they can share their stories with other who 
              have been through the same experience without worry of blame or 
              judgment.
resources for reporting crimes and recovering monetary losses will 
              be shared and added to the website as effective means are found.
we will also work with government officials towards our goal of 
              tougher laws for consumer protection from these types of scams. 
              we will also encourage legitimate businesses who are unknowingly 
              being used by the people running these scams to assist us in warning 
              people and finding ways to protect their customers. 




victims - 

			start here



our site is being used in scam emails!

			read this warning.



organizational 
              profile 
scam victims united was formed after the founders, shawn and jeff 
              mosch, became victims of a nigerian counterfeit cashier's check 
              scam.  in their search for support, resources and assistance 
              for victims of this crime, they found that there was no such assistance 
              available.
once the mosch's started sharing their story with others through 
              the internet and news media, they began to find other victims of 
              this same scam across the country.  the growing number of victims 
              who wanted to share their stories that prompted the mosch's to 
            create an online message group and a homepage to tell 
their story 
            .  in the first three months after the original homepage was 
            created it had received over 12,000 hits, warned and saved over 300 
            people from becoming victims, and aided in stopping over two million 
            dollars from going into the hands of the nigerian counterfeiters.  
            it has also aided victims in coping with this scam, and has assisted 
            some in the recovery of a portion of the money that they lost.
while all of this made the mosch's very pleased with all that they 
              had accomplished so far, it also made them realize that so much 
              more could be done.  it was through the support and encouragement 
              of friends, family, other victims and government officials that 
              the mosch's realized that by making scam victims united a nonprofit 
              organization they could open the doors to so many more resources 
              and help to save and warn an even larger number of people.
some of the work that scam victims united has already done,
and plans to do in the future, includes

contacting
    websites, such as car selling websites, and asking them to post warnings
and alerts about this scam on their site to warn the people that use
    their site
offering
    support and assistance to victims
working
    with government officials to find ways to improve customer protection laws
    in relation to banking
working
    with western union to increase their awareness about this scam and enlist
    their help in warning their customers
creating
    a website with a listing of resources for victims
creating
    a message group as a place for victims to talk freely without fear of blame
    or judgment
working
    with the state's attorney general's office to bring attention to this scam
bringing
    this story to the media as a way to warn large numbers of people quickly

while our beginning focus is 
the nigerian counterfeit cashier's check scam, we would like to see scam victims 
united grow to be a means of support and assistance for victims of all scams.


• our story

click here to check out the scam victims united blog

			support us by shopping with
			these 
			retailers
latest on
			
			investment fraud




 
copyright© 2009 scam victims united  
                 
designed 
        by: 

  
disclaimers, message board guidelines and 
privacy policy  
  
 


craftychicsblogspot

craftychicsamazonstore









 

                                                       
 
 



