ï»¿


bentley parts, rolls-royce parts, spares and restoration
















 rolls-royce & bentley knowledge       


rolls-royce & bentley 
spare parts

     jaguar, 
mg, triumph & austin healey, british car 
spare parts         

restorations
                       
british car accessories
    
repairs & services
 cars for sale      


 rare 
things 
       

electronic 
ignitions

      
contact us

 
sport and classic car 
company
 &  
  billions of car parts 
company
 
10525 airline drive        houston, texas 77037 
                                                                                     
on 
a car trek since 

1976
going 
where no website has gone before!
 
we no longer export parts to 
russia.
all 
words written by the hand of a man, no ai here. 

 
                                                                                                        
 rolls-royce & bentley parts & rebuilding specialists since 1976
 
  
  

classic jaguar restoration, parts and 
services since 1976
 

all long and 
winding roads lead to our doors

the hub of 
the british car universe
 where 
cars become stars
  
 primum 
non nocere 
 
to talk something through, our landline telephone 
number is:  281.448.4739
 or contact 
us by e-mail.

  
our 2025 
times of operation:   
9:30 am to 4:30 pm central standard time or thereabouts monday through friday 
except for holidays, hurricanes, pandemical situations, horrible winter storms 
or other circumstances beyond our control such as holidays, hurricanes and 
pandemical situations. 
 
please allow us to introduce ourselves
as vintage men of tools and taste.
 we usually have a lot to say about cars and 
about parts of cars because we have been rebuilding and supplying parts for 
these cars for most of our lives.  we don't mince words as we like them 
whole and plentiful thus brevity is not overly abundant on our website and run 
on sentences much like the number of nuts and bolts on rolls-royce or bentley 
cars are absolutely rampant. our website is absolutely not limited to a few 
words like and continues to expand much like a waistline over the years as we 
continually experience automotive works of interest and write about them. if 
you are too multitasked to read more than a few words then you might like to 
look at the pictures. 

our website seems to be the 
largest dedicated website about these cars that exists and offers a great deal 
of useful information about these cars. as every picture tells a story we have 
many stories and photographs of cars and photographs of parts of cars. we even have 
photographs of photographs of cars. every photo can be expanded for better 
viewing by clicking on them. woven though our website is storytelling about 
british cars with various ways to avoid or solve many car related problems. the 
revelation and dissection of certain automotive truths and untruths are 
revealed. 

 for the last many years or 
so we have been 
dedicated to supplying spare parts and offering many restorative and rebuilding 
services for rolls-royce, bentley, jaguar, mg, triumph, austin healey, bristol, 
morgan and morris and many other british cars. 
we also supply parts and work 
with vintage mercedes-benz cars from the 1950's, 1960's, 1970's and 1980's. 
 although the supply of new parts is a major aspect of what we do, we are about 
much more as we actually repair and rebuild these cars and various assemblies 
from them. sometimes our parts fellow does restoration and rebuilding work between phone calls so might 
be rebuilding something intricate with all four of his hands so please leave a message on our recorder if 
the phone is not speedily answered. 

 we do not track, spy, wiretap, ask for credit card 
info or inflict advertising 
cookies upon visitors to our website. 
 new articles, 
revisions and photos are often added and soon this introduction will no longer be very short so it ends 
with the little period right over there            
.
 
table of contents or
 what's going on here?
 
 rolls-royce and bentley

cars 
restoration and services  




 part one        

 our bentley and rolls-royce car parts 
and restoration departments are renowned throughout most of the milky way!  this 
popular chapter expounds about specific rolls-royce and 
bentley repairs with servicing information that gets right into the restoration and repair of 
various systems and includes storytelling 
lessons if you will about our experiences working with these great cars. knowledge is power 
as they say so have some on us.  


spare parts for bentley and rolls-royce cars

  part two    
 
henceforth and forevermore 
unless forever takes too long or until we do something different all parts 
listings with photos and descriptions will be in this chapter although part one 
also has considerable parts related information that will probably stay there 
unless we get editorially vigorous. we offer over 60,000 new factory original bentley and rolls-royce parts and 
when the factory no longer supplies something, may well offer alternatives as we are 
always problem solving.  just a few available parts are listed on our 
website. it is best to contact us directly about what you want. 

                      bentley continental gt parts                             rolls-royce silver cloud parts
                          
bentley arnage parts                                       
rolls-royce silver shadow parts
                          
bentley azure parts                                          rolls-royce corniche parts
                          
bentley turbo r parts                                      
rolls-royce crewe built phantom parts
                         
bentley eight parts                                           rolls-royce goodwood built phantom parts
                          
bentley continental parts                                 
rolls-royce silver spur parts
                          
bentley flying spur parts                                
rolls-royce silver spirit parts
                          
bentley t  parts                                                rolls-royce 
silver dawn parts
                          
bentley s parts                                                 
rolls-royce flying spur parts
                          
bentley mulsanne parts                                    
rolls-royce silver wraith parts
                          
bentley brooklands parts                                 rolls-royce hi ho silver parts
                         bentley bentayga parts                                    rolls-royce silver seraph parts   
                                                                                                    rolls-royce wraith parts
                                                                                                    
rolls royce ghost parts
                                                                                                    rolls-royce drophead parts
 
 


british 
automobile 



spare parts  


we offer a generally gigantic as well as 
moderately massive yet absolutely supercalifragilisticexpialidocious number of new 
and renovated spare parts for british cars other than rolls-royce and bentley such 
as vintage jaguar e-type and the xk, mk and xj series. we supply austin healey 3000, 100/6 and sprite 
parts as well as for mg cars like the 
mgtd and mgtf, mga and mg midget, mgb and mgb-gt, mgc, mg magnette and many triumph 
models such as tr3 and herald, gt-6, tr4, tr4a, tr-250, tr6, stag and spitfire so you never know what we can 
provide unless you ask.  some parts 
do require an operational time machine to locate such as a request for a perfect 
original (made in 1961 by original card carrying jaguar elves) interior for a 
1961 jaguar e-type roadster or for used but need to be perfect plastic tail lamp lenses for a 50+ 
year old rolls-royce.  these sort of things we still supply new. 
very short stories and tall car tales
 photos and stories about vintage jaguar, 
mg, triumph, jensen healey, mercedes-benz and austin healey restorations we have 
done or are doing so as to provide the gentle reader a notion of what such work 
involves. 

they didn't want it good, they wanted it wednesday. (thanks robert h.)
 we 
repair and rebuild just about anything that is worth doing a good job on as long 
as the assembly is not available new or is available new yet may be 
costly 
enough to justify the time and materials required to do a proper rebuild.  
our capabilities are quite extensive and this chapter contains many interesting 
examples of vintage jaguar, mg, triumph, jensen healey, austin healey and more 
repair actions. we also show some interestingly botched repair jobs sent to us 
for reverse botching.

gallery o' parts 

featuring some but by no means all of the rare, uncommon and 
unusual parts or automotive objects of desire that we have available.
 


something wicked this way drives 
 this section also features interesting cars for sale that 
are not wicked beasts. you should buy them before someone 
else does. 
there is information on how to avoid buying a
"formerly known as a car". 
these are cars that have become piles of automotive distress through no fault of 
their own. some cars have been falsified using various tricks to enable them to 
masquerade as nice cars for just long enough to sell them to unsuspecting 
buyers. we have seen much of this sort of thing over the years.  

 good 
friends 
at this time we are donating most or 
all of the proceeds from used parts sales to animal rescue groups. our 
management supports many animal rescue groups like habitat for horses, peaceful 
valley donkey rescue, gentle giants draft horse rescue, red collar rescue, yaqui 
animal rescue and texas husky rescue as 
well as houston's wild animal santuary.  we foster and support vet care for 
dogs 
and other rescue animals on a regular basis.  lots of great cars and 
machines were named after animals and we have many clients that like to ride 
around with their dogs and cats. we think that calling a car a dog is a great 
compliment to the car! if cars were as reliable and trustworthy as dogs, we 
would be out of business! no worries there though.
 at 
the top of this page and every page are icon keys that when clicked will take 
you to specialized areas about cars, parts, restorations and explanations about 
the many services and car stuff we offer. our website has been growing and 
evolving just about since the internet went public so there is quite a bit of 
specific knowledge tucked away in the nooks of the site not to be found in books that may help 
a person avoid getting caught 
by the hooks of the crooks.

bentley & rolls-royce . (vintage 
jaguar) mg . triumph . austin healey. morgan . austin 
healey . aston martin . jensen . morris . jensen healey . bristol . riley. daimler. 

we also provide parts for mercedes benz and maserati cars.
we

wish for everyone to be healthy, wise 
and in these challenging times, employed or otherwise fortunate enough to own 
and drive fine vintage (or potentially fine) cars as well as their daily drivers 
(vintage cars of the future). 
we can possibly be of 
assistance if the car is not listed in the above 
box o'cars. you just never know until you ask now do 
you? 
we like 
e-mails as they create a record we can work from as our mental circuits can be 
forgetful or over loaded at times. please keep in mind that most days we receive 
lots of genuine e-mail enquiries along with massive mountains of junk and spam 
emails. 
 for long lists of parts, 
complex requests or any sort of spare parts request, an e-mail with year, model 
and vin really work best. we do not do a web shopping cart as we still like to 
actually converse with our clients and we have found that many owners or shops 
are unaware of enough specifics to order the correct parts so we like to make 
sure that you get what you need. this is what we do. the rest of the world may 
be automating humans out of work but we are not robots. maybe later we will turn 
into robots but not today. maybe tomorrow.  
many car part requests require accurate 
research through our vintage paper parts books, computer data bases and vintage 
memories so please be patient as some of the vintage parts info is not on 
computer data bases and is in our collection of ancient and delicate parts 
tomes.  don't forget to include the year, model and vin  or chassis 
number if possible for cars you are working with as this information greatly 
speeds up the process. in the subject line of your e-mail, please type the make 
of your car so we will see the email is not another spam scam. if you do not 
receive an answer in a reasonable timeframe your enquiry may have been lost in 
our spam filter or who know where it went so don't give up. send it again! the 
internet is not perfect and neither are we but we still want to help your car 
attain the degree of perfection that you want if we can. 
 very few firms still possess the direct experience we have earned from working with 
these cars for such a long time because knowledgable people have retired or have moved 
to a different dimension. if you are not an enthusiast, you might 
just blossom into one as you read our stuff as these cars are amongst the most 
fun cars to drive that were ever built. every vintage car is unique and has it's own 
driving and esthetic characteristics because they were built by the inventive hands of man 
and woman.
sometimes we receive phone 
calls from car owners that have been texting us and wonder why there is no response. this is because 
our business phone is a land line.  we 
don't use blackberries or apples either although we do like to eat 
them when fresh and in season.  we do use telephones and 
e-mail as well as smoke signals and dinosaur talk. 
we leave tweets for the birds because they are better at it and obviously we 
are enthusiastic users of properli speled werds.  no facebook or social 
networking promotional stuff either although maybe someday maybe we might get 
around to it. we do e-mail pictures of our 
painted body parts but they are parts of cars. all of our sometimes prolific 
writings and photos about cars will be found herein. 
 we don't know why this is 
so, but readers quite often tell us that they get all excited about their cars 
again after reading our car tales for a time and we thank our reader clients that 
drop us a note from time to time telling us how they enjoy reading our 
automotive meanderings yet we do suggest that no reading be done whilst driving. 
stay safe, stay healthy and have a great time with a car. 
  


for 
information about proper 
motorcars like
rolls-royce and bentley parts and 
services, please go to our rolls-royce 
and bentley  
sections. 
 
cars with a second act left in them 
click the blue hyperlink and have 
a gaze at 
interesting 
cars we have for sale. 
 the cars that we offer for sale all have 
varying degrees of experience because we don't sell new cars. in fact only a few 
of the original manufacturers of the cars we work on these days are still in the business 
of building cars.  
sometimes we offer restored and finished 
cars and good street cars. unfinished yet worthy projects from mild to fairly 
wild are available for consideration now. we also offer intensive pre-sale 
inspections on cars being considered for purchase from any seller. we have car 
projects for those that enjoy mechanical challenges to blow off steam or just 
because they enjoy rebuilding cars. 
way down under
 once upon a time, we had some brave 
aussies come to visit from down under. they had noticed some cars we had for sale on our website 
and traveled from oz to here to purchase an austin healey 3000 parts car that 
had been rotting into the ground for some 25 years in the back of our property. 
the car split in two when they moved it as the frame had rusted away. they 
wanted this particular car as both of these blokes had a desire for a great 
challenge that would take them years to do. australians are not lightweights. 
they stuffed both halves of the car into a 20 ft. container along with a much 
nicer austin healey 100/6 and a lot of spare parts and back to australia they went. 
from time to time they send us photos of the progress and of the complete new 
frame they hand built. we learned to have a lot of respect for the wild men from 
down under. 
our 
inner pages illustrate some of the utterly vast array of parts and services we 
offer with many photos of typical works in progress while muttering about car 
stuff so have fun exploring our site as it has many pathways and destinations. 
if any questions arise, just ask!
   


 working with and supplying 
parts for great british sport cars such as this 
cool austin healey 100/6, mga coupes  and many cars that were manufactured 
in england are what we do.  the director of our company has owned an austin 
healey 3000 since 1972 and had the great pleasure of enjoying a luncheon with 
donald healey before, not after, don passed away. the donald inscribed a book he wrote to scotty telling him,  "thanks for 
maintaining the breed and your blue 3000 is my favourite colour. " of course he 
told all the other healey owners that were also attending the event that the 
color of their cars were also his favorites and why not? 
poor things
sometimes we come across a car that is or might ought to 
be dead due to major structural rust or intense damage but the car refuses to go 
gently into the scrap pile 
because of continual stays of execution from a successsion of owners 
and their good intentions. perhaps in a moment of wild abandon an owner paid too 
much for a "formerly known as a car" and 
hence despite large outlays of funds expended for unsuccessful efforts the owner 
refuses to acknowledge that the car is doomed and their investment is kaput. 
sometimes frustrated owners will place such a car in storage for many years. 
sometimes the car is eventually sold to another owner and the cycle of doom 
begins once again. this depressing scenario can be avoided though. evaluating a 
vintage car takes an expert eye that is emotionally undetached and because considerable experience and time taken to learn about a cars true condition 
is required as many 
bad things can be well hidden or may be hiding in plain sight waiting to consume 
an unwary wallet. 
resurrection of poor things
frequently we bring cars 
back from the dead or from long deep sleeps. the ancient egyptians carefully 
preserved their dead for an afterlife and were really into their mummies in those days. maybe the 
ancient egyptians should have built cars instead of mummies.
many people 
today usually don't do much to preserve cars they own that sometimes are hanging around 
like a mummy. the old car will be parked in a barn, storage 
shed or left outside and forgotten until someone with an eye for hidden dusty or 
rusty beauty comes along and decides to rescue the car. many owners are reluctant to let 
their cars go even though the car may be in dire straights. they like their car 
but just got busy with non- car stuff like families, work and worthy causes.  
our lives pass through many phases and levels of responsibility 
so sometimes favorite cars are stowed until a more "free" or financially 
advantageous time arrives and owners and their favorite cars can play together 
once again. 
our 
unreal world experience has without a doubt greatly enhanced many car owners 
driving pleasure and this is what these cars are all about. we are skilled in 
the ways of fine craftsmanship and possess considerable product and technical 
knowledge learned from working upon and studying mechanical and electronic 
designs used on these cars for many years as well as successfully and 
continuously completing difficult assignments every day of our five day work 
week. on a daily basis we work with cars that have been long stowed as the 
emotional appeal of a car can run deep and owners will hang on to them until 
they find someone that they trust to fix the car properly.  
 we perform bench work 
(assemblies that can be done on a bench, please don't send us your broken 
benches) for mechanically minded enthusiasts and shops that have chosen to have 
us perform critical and safety related aspects of their restoration projects as 
well as perform all manner of services. successful workmanship on fine cars or 
anything else requires highly refined skills earned from many years of learning 
experiences. in many circumstances,  automotive shops and owners can move 
the required work forward by sending us critical or complex components for 
proper and speedy as possible rebuilding or repairs. we always work with 
"deliberate haste" to transform leaking or no longer operational assemblies into 
nicely working condition. 



a scarce 1961 mga coupe heads out!
 
                                                                          
*************************
we have a traditional 
scotsman's penchant for wasting nothing because nothing is something that should 
never be wasted whether you have a little something or a lot of nothing. 

    carved into an 
old tree on the island of skye around 1668 by skye king macclymonds xxi  
                                                                         
**************************
  



part of our model car 
parking lot in the reception area which is sort of a museum of sorts as our 
owner has collected a lot of car related stuff over the years.  as a matter 
of interest for potential visitors our restoration workshop and our parts 
division stay very busy. the nature of our business is of course very 
interesting to enthusiasts wanting to 'wander" about. however as our primary 
focus is concentrating on doing good works and meeting obligations to our 
clients, we are no longer able to 
give personal tours of the workshops so that we can continue to perform automotive services as well as make our 
clients restoration dreams come true. 
we have done this sort of 
work for for astute, sensible, intelligent, thoughtful, fun loving and sharp 
dressed clients for 48 years or sometimes more than 1046 years in houston texas, a place famous for 
mosquitoes that are so large and ill mannered the buzzing bugs are often mistaken for small 
aircraft or drones.  
   
we have a relationship with a world of owners of cars and shops that work with 
the cars in dubai, egypt, mexico, 
brazil, italy, guatemala, cuba, lebanon, austria, new 
england, olde england, new zealand, puerto rico, austria, norway, quebec, ecuador, 
spain, russia, france, canary islands, japan, el 
salvador, ghana, canary islands, saudi arabia, bolivia, scotland, 
suriname, the kingdom of bahrain, slovakia, the dominican republic, 
brazil, lebanon, zambia, bermuda, abu dhabi, south africa, israel, venezuela, switzerland, 
puerto rico, chili, argentina, japan, holland, hong kong, the czech republic, 
norway, ireland, germany, australia, american samoa, argentina, wales, 
turks and caicos islands, the philippines, columbia, every state in the usa,  just about every province in 
canada or just about anywhere in the developed third galaxy have found that 
purchasing parts from us gains a car owner much more than just parts. 
  we also supply parts for vintage 
mercedes benz 6.3 litre m-100 300sel and the 3.5 300sel, 280sel, 250c and classically styled 
109sl, 230sl, 250sl, 280sl, 350sl, 450sl, 500sl and 560sl cars. we have restored quite 
a few sl's. check our

restoration section for photos. 

our

highly regarded and famous throughout 
the entire milky way  


repair 
department  
possess many vintage factory special tools and diagnostic equipment for 
rolls-royce and bentley cars as well as for vintage jaguar, vintage mercedes 
benz and some others as you can't fix the cars without a lot of suffering unless 
you have the right stuff. we offer extensive high performance weber and dellorto 
carburetor tuning and rebuilding services. 

our well known except for those yet 
to know us spare  


parts department
is able to 
supply a massive (billions and billions)

array of  rolls-royce parts, 
bentley parts, jaguar parts, mg parts, triumph parts, mercedes benz parts, 
austin healey parts and accessories for many such cars. . 
 

the bee's knees of electronic 
ignitions




 we are

a world wide distributor for 

pertronix electronic 
ignitions  
and performance 
products that replace antique and unreliable point style ignitions with tiny 
(inside the distributor where it cannot be seen) state of the art electronic 
ignitions available in both positive and negative grounds for mg, triumph, 
jaguar, rolls-royce silver cloud, many bentley cars, mercedes benz 300 sel 6.3, 3.5, 280se 
and just about any car or machine that uses ignition points. 
  we fit these ignitions to just about every 
points style car that comes in the shop. owners appreciate the vastly increased 
reliability and smooth performance. own a forklift or a pump of some sort that 
uses points? we can probably help. these ignitions and hot 40k and 45k volt 
coils have wide applications for farm machinery, fork lifts and industrial 
engines as well as cars and boats of all sorts. a link to the full catalog with 
applications and technical information is included on our pertronix information 
page.  
 
sir william lyons, the founder of 
jaguar cars, once proclaimed, "the car is the closest thing we will ever create 
to something that is alive."  the great old designer passed away in 1985 
and obviously never saw a lava lamp. 
 
 the sum of all fears
 we

don't think a car is supposed to drive like a heap of junk because the car is 
vintage or just an 
older model.  we reserve such judgments for cars that actually have 
devolved into a heap o' junk based on many factors other than year 
model. great cars have been built for well over a hundred years and all special 
interest cars have their unique charms. 
 
quality parts and a shop such as ours 
that seeks to properly care for vehicles and owners automotive requirements with 
a long term view are a natural combination.  worn out parts and rotten 
tires will cause any car to drive like a wallowy old lump no matter the age of 
the vehicle. who willingly wants to drive a car that steers like the titanic or 
rides like a wheel barrow?
an

interesting human phenomena is that 
many owner/drivers simply do not know or perhaps no longer remember what their 
car is or was supposed to drive like.
suppose the car in question is 
considerably older than the present owner? this is happening more and more as 
time goes by. frequently we are working on cars for multipule generations as the car gets passed down the line. the car might be the only 
similar car an owner has recent and intimate experience driving or they might 
have been in the car as a child with grand daddy or grand mammy behind the wheel 
or  perhaps there is no tangible personal reference experience.  in other 
situations whereby an owner may have owned a car for a long while the car and 
the owner are slowly mellowing together through the years as old friends will do 
and normal wear and tear in the suspension or steering or slow deterioration in 
the cars performance can be subtle but certain. 
 
typically, owners 
may buy a car and just assume it is what it is instead of it is what it was or it was what it is now.  
( got that? now repeat it 129 times as fast as you can.)
                               

we authoritatively assert 
that a car can be whatever a quality shop or person builds it into by properly 
sorting out known ailments, adding effective yet subtle enhancements and working 
out potential problems before they occur. our goal of course is to return a car 
to an owner in such a condition that the car will perform well for a long time 
without problems. we believe in educating our clients about their car and what 
the possibilities can be.  if you don't know, how can you know better?
a

question we often hear is, " why should i spend all that 
money fixing my trusty and much beloved old car that has given me countless 
hours of fun when i probably cannot sell it for a small fortune or even for the 
restoration cost?" 
well, what worthy objects of desire are 
worth what was paid right after purchase? is the immediate goal of restoring a 
car to sell it? sometimes this is the plan and sometimes the point is to be able 
to enjoy driving the car because you want to. these days lots of things, everything, loses value 
after purchase, yes? a new car loses lots of value when first driven from the 
car lot. most products have greatly diminished monetary value after purchase and 
are difficult to sell for much.  we buy these products simply to do the job 
they were purchased for.  in stark contrast are certain cars in good 
condition that deliver continuous pleasure for protracted periods and still 
maintain considerable value that in many cases hold steady or rise. the 
enjoyment of owning and driving a fun car cannot be accurately nor 
quantitatively measured with traditional accounting methods. having a great time 
driving a cool austin healey or bentley is just that. of all the things in life 
worth paying for, food, health, shelter and fun are surely to be ranked amongst 
the highest of priorities. money can't buy you love but it sure can buy you a 
fine car. 
 our firms are not 
affiliated with other companies that may or may not have similar names or may 
otherwise be engaged in any aspect of the automotive business. feel free to use 
any catalog, parts book, website or whatever to order parts from us or just tell 
us what you want and we can work up quotes and availability. we work with 
factory part numbers or vague descriptions for that matter.  we are doing 
our small bit to save trees, stamps, ink and lessen trash by not publishing 
paper catalogs.  


 click here to go to our cars other than 
rolls-royce and bentley spare parts page
or go back to 
the top to check out our various chapters about cars. 
 
a rhyme not worth a dime is a crime  ( on 
a good day) 
you don't have to be a snoot
or an old coot
to have a hoot
driving a pmc 
mg
or jag
yet some loot
unspent
for spares
and repairs
can make a commute
go kaput
 attributed to robert frost macclymonds ix
 
you could say that if websites had lips 
then our website surely must have a stiff upper lip. 
 
 
                    
and  now  for  something  completely  different...

 
we are not into 
selfies and are 
much too shy to post our time sculpted faces all over the internet. so instead.
    
here are photos
of fifi, our extremely sociable shop cat. she wandered 
in one day looking for a handout, decided we were ok and stayed.  

  
fifi enjoys looking over scotty's shoulder from time to time to make sure he is 
ordering enough cat food for the week.   
 
  
in this photo, fifi was less than a bit annoyed from waking up to a camera 
flashing in her face during her regular afternoon siesta in an empty parts bin. 



http://www.caninecovers.com
here is a link to some 
things we offer for car interior protection so animals can be transported or 
hang out in your car and the cockpit won't be damaged during a road trip. if 
some of these items interest you and you want to order them, let us know. we 
highly discount these products to animal rescue groups to use for fundraisers. 
 





we support animal recue groups in ukraine that are doing all they 
can in a horrible war zone to help animals trapped by russian warfare. our firm 
also donates funds for the purchase of medical suppiles to ukraine to help 
injured people as well. 

here are some legitimate rescue groups on the ground in 
ukraine feeding, transporting, providing medical care and saving ukrainian 
owners with their animals, pets left behind, strays, zoos, wildlife. these 
are simply amazing people doing this work while a war is going on around them. 

 
check out  "uanimals"  on facebook
 
check out "breaking the chains" on facebook  this 
group is also building another shelter inside ukraine to keep animals they are 
rescuing out of war torn areas.



we support many usa based animal 
rescue groups and also foster and board dogs awaiting adoptions with 
organizations such as  
e-rescue-houston.org
and texas husky rescue, red 
collar rescue, gentle giants draft horse rescue, yaqui animal recue, draft horse 
rescue, american 
wild horse rescue, wolf conservatory and others.   

  
these dedicated groups have fine dogs and cats of every breed, shape and size 
available for adoption. why buy a dog when you can find wonderful animals at the 
animal shelters? there are lots of fine dogs that need a good home and they will 
love you when no one else cares. 
scotty's 
lovely, entertaining, highly intelligent and you never know what she will do 
next wife used to do a daily pacifica radio program called "adopt a friend" that 
helped find homes for rescued dogs, cats, chickens, burros, horses and rabbits. 
some of the the theme songs were, " find some bunnies to love" inspired by the 
jefferson airplane and "what's up pussycat?" sung by tom jones.  the main 
theme song was carol king's, "you've got a friend" performed by a variety of 
artists. 
life is a 
lot more fun with animals and each of them have as distinct a personality as any 
human only without the dark side.  we have many animals sharing our lives 
so we have lots of fun. 

did you know 
	that rescue animals can be transported to most places in the usa as the 
	animal rescue groups around the country support each other and have their 
	ways?  check out  


e-rescue-houston.org
for information 
	and pictures of siberians and other dogs and cats that would like a nice 
	home. they have very beautiful 
	animals.  

   
                                            
 
 isis the princess of love is no longer is 
available for adoption as we took her into our family. we are known as 
repetitive foster failures and don't feel a bit bad about it! when we picked her 
up from the houston animal pound she had a bad lung infection that almost 
killed her. isis spent six weeks at a kindly vet's clinic being nursed back to 
health. she is such a lovely dog with a sweet personality and the vet could not give 
up on her and we so so happy about that.  if you are interested in adopting 
dogs like isis or any animal, contact the animal rescue groups in your area or 
at any of the links above.  
in response to requests for more photos 
of our animals (this is supposed to be a car web site you know) here are a few 
more:

 this 
is our gorgeous male siberian aston who we rescued from the streets. he had 
sarcoptic mange, which is contagious, but we kept him away from our dogs while 
we treated him and now he has been part of our pack for over 9 years. he loves 
to talk, is extremely friendly to all dogs and will give kisses to those who want 
them.
  
 here are aston and isis in love. both are neutered or spayed of 
course but they are star crossed lovers in every other sense. aston walked off 
the streets and into our workshop one day as a young nine month old wandering 
pup. he was nodded off in a corner of our office floor when we found him. aston 
had been on the street a while, had mange and was thin but otherwise ok. he is a 
fantastic fellow with a voice like pavarotti. he enjoys singing his love songs 
to his girlfriends isis and border collie daimler. we enjoy his songs as well. 
 

 
here is aston buried in toys. obviously aston is a very laid back dog. 
 



here are aston, isis and our brilliant, much smarter than honor students border 
collie daimler benz hanging out after a hard days work of hanging out. daimler 
has a vocabulary greater than many humans it seems. border collies are amazing. 
they know what you are thinking sometimes before you think about it, like when 
the exact time of dinner is. 
  
sweet daimler waking up from a nap. daimler is frustrated because she has no 
sheep to herd and has to make do with a frisbee. 
 

 
here is little blond tazzmo-mon our elderly gentleman cocker thinking about 
stuff. we found the young ( at the time) tazz when we came to work one monday 
long ago laying in the gardens in front of our workshop. a wanderer, he had been 
mauled and a bad infection had set in making him unable to walk along any 
further.  the tazzmo also had a puncture wound to his neck and we believe 
that he had decided to die in our gardens as the infection was very bad by that 
point. we brought him in, had a vet work him over and he was with us ever since. 
he was a true gift from the streets and a great friend.  
 
here is our newest foster child, beautiful sophia, a 
three year old female siberian husky that was found running across a freeway,was 
rescued by a nice person and now we have her in our foster program. sophia was 
very thin, likely on the street a while and we are feeding her a proper diet 
now. she is heart worm free and has been neutered. she has a very sweet 
personality. 
 
contact some animal rescue groups. find 
yourself a great friend!
hurricane harvey and irma left many traumatized 
people and animals behind. their homes were destroyed and their lives have been shattered. 
if you want to help an animal that really needs a friend, contact the animal 
rescue groups and humane societies on the gulf coast and you won't regret it. 
as president harry truman sort of said," 
if you want loyal friends, adopt some dogs."
 
   

 
here are a pair of little pups we rescued. the black one was hit by a car (that 
did not stop) right in front of our workshop. she had managed to crawl out of 
the street and into our gardens and that was as far as she could go. we named 
her driving into miss daisy or daisy for short.  daisy had some fractured 
bones but has recovered well with some weeks of care and isolation. the fine 
looking brown dog is her loyal sibling that would not leave her side when daisy 
was hit by a car. we named him bentley. we heard the cries of pain and found 
them starving, thirsty and needing a friend. luck was with them once again as we 
took both to the vet for care.

 
.  
daisy on the left was adopted by some 
cool people in san francisco. bentley grew into a beautiful dog. his naturally 
loyal character is growing and he loves to hang out and just be a happy dog.
 we think he must have been a combination of 
horse and dog as his legs are very long. bentley has now been adopted by a lucky 
family in san antonio. these two were a pair of lucky dogs that found great 
homes. 

 



we have now taken in kayla, a nice little stray 
street girl that we found with one of her toes almost ripped off. the toe bone 
was sticking out. she was a mess. we took her to the animal hospital in houston 
where we had her toe cleaned up and she was spayed. she is responding well to 
good food,  a/c and lots of playing with our dog pack.  the toe is 
healed up and she looks great.  kayla has a sweet personality, a pretty 
face with nice markings, is not interested in cats and likes to hang out and 
play with other dogs. she is a great companion. if you are interested in 
adopting her, let us know.  in these photos it's about 103 degrees f. 
outside and she is a little hot dog. 
 


  

our canine family hangs out. 
 
we receive an amazing number of e-mails 
from fellow animal rescue people out there that find our website while searching 
for british car parts and it is good to know that you are doing what you do.




we adopted a beautiful golden 
one eyed cocker spaniel that came to us from gulf coast cocker spaniel rescue in houston. her 
story is that someone in a car observed another car driving down the road which slowed but does not stop and the people inside the car throw 
a little dog out a window and into a ditch. the evil people then sped off. the amazed and 
nice person took charge, saved the dazed little girl and turned her over 
to the dog pound where the cocker rescue group saved her from lethal injection.  
little farina was understandably a bit freaked out when we received her but we 
have been working with her for a while and now she is just fine. she has a sweet 
disposition and gets along great with our dog pack. 
 

here is another addition to our pack. 
lola is a samoyed and was a foster with red collar rescue. we adopted her and 
will stay with us forever.  be 
sure to visit all of their great dogs and cats up for adoption at
www.redcollar.org. 
jasmine, our little red husky was born with 
a short flip paw on one front leg and the other front paw was malformed. jasmine 
loves to have fun as all dogs do.  she was found wandering on a street 
where she had been dumped. we adopted her and had a prosthetic leg made by a 
houston animal prosthetic specialist so she can run with the rest of our pack.  
when jasmine is wearing her leg, she can run like a normal dog and has a 
great life. 
a local houston rescue group, scout's 
honor rescue, is helping dogs and cats not only by rescuing them from 
certain death at our pounds, but also helping them long-term by sponsoring free 
spay and neuters by using the snap (spay/neuter assistance program) mobile 
truck. if you want to help contact shr at 
www.scoutshonor.org. 
another recently-formed rescue group is 
rescued pets movement. this group is unique in that they pull dogs and cats from 
houston's local pounds and transports them to fully vetted rescued groups in 
colorado who have foster homes and sometimes adoptive homes waiting. you see 
colorado has had mandatory spay/neuter laws for over two decades so they do not 
have the tremendous overflow of pets as in texas. if you want to help by 
sponsoring an animal and literally save their life visit them at
www.rescuedpetsmovement.org. 

the people that do such evil deeds? well, 
you can probably guess what we think about them. shark food? no, we like sharks.
a good thing to do is to look around your 
area for animal rescue groups and:
1. send them some money. they will spend 
it on food and shelter for animals they have rescued. 
2. volunteer at an animal rescue group 
to clean up and walk some nice dogs, give them some love and let them know that life will 
get better. 
 
there is a hbo movie series called 
one nation under dog. check it out!


animal rescue  here are 
graphic photos of dogs that had a very hard life, were rescued and we are helping 
them by donating money for their care at a local animal hospital. these are not 
pretty pictures but they are real. 
let's get physical:
from 
downtown houston, take i-45 north to the west road exit (exit #59). west road is 
an exit south of the houston 
intercontinental airport exit. upon exiting the freeway, make a quick maneuver 
to the right lane of the feeder street and turn right on bluebell (like the ice 
cream).  drive down two blocks until bluebell intersects airline drive and 
turn left. we are around the corner on the left behind the green ornamental iron 
fence.  
from 
the katy i-10 area or coming from 290/austin, take the sam houston toll road to 
i-45 north. turn south on i-45 towards town and exit on west road ( the first 
exit you come to). turn left and drive down to the second red light which is 
airline drive. turn right and we are 1/2 a mile down on the right. 
from 
the woodlands and the great north, drive south on i-45 to west road and turn 
left. go to the second red light (airline dr.) and turn right. look for our sign 
on the right about a 1/2 mile down. 
from 
the kingwood area or the houston intercontinental airport (iah), take beltway 8 
west to i-45 south, exit on west road and turn left. drive to the second red 
light and turn right on airline drive. we are on the right side about a 1/2 mile 
down behind the green ornamental steel fence.

 "a 
wheeled vehicle will drive as well as the average condition of the total sum of 
all the parts that have not as yet fallen off."  
          quote attributed to our ancient ancestor single malt scot macclymonds xxxi around 
1571 also known as smsmxxxi.  
                                                                                                                                                             
  the contents of our 
website are subject to change any time with new photos and material as 
inspiration strikes! please check back from time to time as interesting jobs 
come through and various cars are offered for sale. hit refresh  and check 
out our car photo rotisserie at the top of this page. 
 scott macclymonds 
inc.  is a texas corporation and in spite of rumors to the contrary, texas 
is still part of the usa. the company is based in houston, texas and 
conducts business through wholly-owned subsidiaries; sport and classic car 
company and billions of car parts company. 
 unless you are moving on to read our 
serious and non -nonsensical automotive chapters about rolls-royce and bentley 
parts and cars as well as many other cars, good bye and good luck.
 
carl sagen famously said," we are all made of star 
stuff".
somewhat less famously we say, " we are all 
made of car stuff". ( and lots of nuts. )
 
come back again now that we have you 
right where you want us. 
live long and prosper.
we wish we had more 
time to write less. 
after while
crocodile
so say we all. 
adiã³s muchachos
 

sales and 
e enquiries please use our contact form
our earthly address is:
 sport and classic car company
10525 airline drive
houston, texas 77037
usa
 
here's our viop landline phone number. 
281.448.4739  
so call us maybe...
 
  

07-feb-2025 12:33 pm -0600


