









myhealthfinder | odphp.health.gov











      skip to main content
    

      skip to navigation
    

















u.s. department of health and human services
office of disease prevention and health promotion





myhealthfinder







health conditions

toggle health conditions sub menu




cancer


diabetes


heart health


hiv and other stds


obesity


substance use and misuse





doctor visits

toggle doctor visits sub menu




find and access preventive services


regular checkups


screening tests


vaccines (shots)


talking with the doctor





healthy living

toggle healthy living sub menu




nutrition


physical activity


mental health and relationships


sexual health


safety





pregnancy

toggle pregnancy sub menu




doctor and midwife visits


nutrition and physical activity






search



search myhealthfinder










english


español









      menu
    













what is myhealthfinder?
trusted information to help your family stay healthy.


 








make sure your family is up to date on preventive services.





see which screening tests and vaccines you or your loved ones need to stay healthy.

age




sex






female



male







pregnant?






pregnant?



no










why are we asking these questions?




image
 










want to know how to get preventive services? learn how to find and access screenings, vaccines, and other preventive care you need to stay healthy. check out our tips and resources



explore health topics

 



health conditions


 
cancerfind out about the steps you can take to help prevent cancer.
 
diabetesyou can do a lot to lower your risk for type 2 diabetes — get started now.
 
heart healthtake steps to lower your risk of heart problems — like checking your blood pressure regularly.


view all






 



doctor visits


 
regular checkupsstay on top of your health – get regular checkups with a doctor or nurse.
 
screening testsfind out which screenings (medical tests) you may need this year.
 
vaccines (shots)vaccines aren’t just for kids! find out why everyone in the family needs to get important vaccines.


view all






 



healthy living


 
mental health and relationshipsget tips on things like managing stress and talking to loved ones about important health topics.
 
nutritionmaking small changes to your eating habits can make a big difference for your health. find out how to get started.
 
physical activityregular physical activity is good for your health. get tips to help you get more active. 


view all






 



pregnancy


 
doctor and midwife visitsfind out how your doctor or midwife can help you have a healthy pregnancy.
 
nutrition and physical activityeating healthy and staying active can help you have a healthy pregnancy — and a healthy baby.














close dialog

close dialog




 







accessibility


privacy policy


freedom of information act


copyright policy


disclaimers


viewers & players


nondiscrimination notice


vulnerability disclosure policy


política de divulgación de vulnerabilidad


share your feedback







this microsite is coordinated by the office of disease prevention and health promotion, office of the assistant secretary for health, office of the secretary, u.s. department of health and human services.
last updated: february 19, 2025


u.s. department of health and human services
oash - office of disease prevention and health promotion
myhealthfinder












the office of disease prevention and health promotion (odphp) cannot attest to the accuracy of a non-federal website.


linking to a non-federal website does not constitute an endorsement by odphp or any of its employees of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the website.
you will be subject to the destination website's privacy policy when you follow the link.
hhs is not responsible for section 508 compliance (accessibility) on other federal or private websites.

cancel
continue to your destination: 













