 


unique inns, bed and breakfasts, country inns & boutique hotels

















directorylocations 
washington
idaho
oregon
california
view all

features 
exquisite rooms
inspired cuisine
luxury spas
unique weddings
wine tours
pet friendly
private cottages
unique histories
award winning chefs
unique experiences
spectacular views
eco friendly
view all

inspiration 
trip ideas
special & packages
upcoming events
recipes
video gallery
newsletter
give a gift certificate
sweepstakes

about 
overview
membership info
inns for sale

contactrewards 





find a unique place to stay


filter by state/province

all
washington
idaho
oregon
california



city

all
ashland, or
astoria, or
cannon beach, or
carmel, ca
catalina , ca
eugene, or
eureka, ca
idleyld park, or
mccloud, ca
mendocino, ca
napa, ca
port ludlow, wa
sandpoint, id
sisters, or
touchet, wa
twisp, wa
upper lake, ca
yachats, or



amenities

air-conditioningbreakfast includedbusiness friendlychildren welcomeconference facilitiescorporate rateselectric vehicle charging stationexercise facilitiesfireplaceshandicap accessibleinternet accesspets welcomepoolspa serviceswedding facilitieswhirlpool tubs 


price

all
under $150
$150 - $250
$250 - $350
over $350



keywords



search now

 








find a unique place to stay
unique inns, b&b and boutique hotels
whether in search of fine dining and wine-tasting, shopping, sports, wilderness adventure, or some of the most spectacular sightseeing in the world, unique inns is your resource for accommodation.
get the best rates and room options by booking direct!
located in washington, idaho, oregon and california the inns represent great value and the finest these regions have to offer. each inn is independently owned and operated, making each . . . truly unique.

browse all unique inns


for travellers who insist on the extraordinary...



exquisite rooms
spacious, dramatic, and luxurious rooms fit for royalty.



inspired cuisine
award winning chefs, local ingredients, and favourite recipes.



luxury spas
relaxing spa getaways and therapeutic treatments.



unique weddings
from intimate to extravagan, discover the ultimate location.



wine tours
explore wine country in style and comfort.



pet friendly
pet-friendly accommodation for well-behaved pets.



private cottages
hideaway cottages for absolute privacy.



unique histories
historic inns dating from the late 1800's beautifully restored.



award winning chefs
chefs taking great pleasure in showcasing the very best of fresh local ingredients.



unique experiences
squeeze every drop out of your unique inns visit with experiences to remember for a lifetime



spectacular views
panoramic ocean views, vineyards and flourishing gardens.



eco friendly
unique inns are committed to encouraging, promoting and supporting ecological consciousness.


see what makes us unique


sign up to receive our monthly newsletter
















				subscribe
			






latest trip ideas




visit the eureka bookstore
eureka books has proudly served readers since 1987. they are a full-service independent bookstore selling new, used, and antiquarian books along with a variety of book-adjacent goods. they also kites as they "aim to help your imagination soar!"
read more





attend the fly fishing film tour
the highly anticipated 19th annual fly fishing film tour (f3t) is coming to steamboat inn april 29th at 6:30pm with a curated selection of the best fly fishing films from around the world. anglers, outdoor enthusiasts, and adventure seekers are invited to join the tour as it visits cities nationwide, showcasing stunning cinematography, unforgettable stories, and the heart-pounding excitement of fly fishing.
read more





enjoy an oregon wine dinner
for more than 20 years the best chefs and winemakers from around oregon have joined forces at steamboat inn to create special nights of food, drink, and friendship. the intimate surroundings lead to amazing collaborations that you would not be able to experience in a traditional restaurant or tasting room setting.
read more









privacy policy 







copyright © 2025 unique inns. all rights reserved. | powered by vortex


unique inns ... at a glance
about washington state
washington hosts a wide variety of opportunities for travelers, from recreation to relaxation to accommodation to adventure. seattle and puget sound are rife with fishing and boating prospects, a trend that continues down the coast to the olympic peninsula and on towards oregon. mountains rise immediately to the east of the coast, with landmarks such as mount st. helens and mount rainier accommodating hiking, biking and camping. vancouver and yakima are both prominent towns in this area. the cascade loop is a well-traveled area that traverses the cascade range, taking visitors through small mountain towns such as leavenworth. further east, the columbia river basin presents many chances to experience washington, such as the grand coulee dam, which is the largest concrete dam in north america and the third largest producer of electricity worldwide. spokane is the largest city in eastern washington and the heart of the inland empire.
unique inns in washington state (directory to washington bed and breakfasts)
cameo heights mansion • touchet, wathe resort at port ludlow • port ludlow, watwisp river suites • twisp, waseattle gaslight inn • seattle, wa
about idaho
idaho is rich with beauty, sport and culture. northern idaho has the greatest concentration of lakes in the west and evergreen forests abound. the salmon river bisects the rugged frank church river of no return wilderness and provides some of the best whitewater kayaking and rafting in the world. the sawtooth wilderness area and the white cloud peaks provide additional recreational opportunities. world-famous sun valley is located between these mountain ranges. hells canyon, the deepest river gorge in north america, lies on the state's western border, overlooked by the seven devils mountains. in idaho's southwestern corner are the tallest sand dunes on the continent. in the south central region is the craters of the moon national monument, where america's astronauts trained for moonwalks.
unique inns in idaho (directory to idaho bed and breakfasts)
lodge at sandpoint • sandpoint, id
about oregon
experience the beauty of the west with a coast vacation in the state of oregon. from the stark beauty of high desert landscapes to the spectacular headlands and beaches of the pacific coast, oregon promises its visitors a sublime journey of unforgettable scenery and recreation. in the summer, hikers follow trails around crater lake national park, while steelhead enthusiasts drift over the choppy waters of the rogue river. winter at mt. hood brings out skiers and snowshoers to enjoy miles of powder-like snow. at the favell museum of western art and artifacts, families can view over 100,000 indian artifacts and western art pieces. oregon is a destination that offers both adventure and relaxation with plenty to learn about native american history and the diverse cultures of the region's past and present.
unique inns in oregon (directory to oregon bed and breakfasts)
overleaf lodge & spa • yachats, orcannon beach hotel • cannon beach, or campbell house • eugene, or excelsior inn • eugene, or steamboat inn • steamboat, or jacksonville inn  • jacksonville, or winchester inn  • ashland, orheceta head lighthouse bed & breakfast inn • yachats, orfivepine lodge • sisters, orpendleton house historic inn & bed and breakfast • pendleton, or
about california
some california cities have more tourist attractions than many entire states. hollywood magic in los angeles, the san diego zoo, alcatraz and the golden gate bridge in san francisco are just a few of these major landmarks. outside the cities are four-season wonders like the coastal redwood forests and lake tahoe, which rests high in the sierra nevada mountains. you'll find fantastic fishing and skiing near the mountain town of mammoth lakes, not far from yosemite national park. find similar enjoyment at big bear lakes, along with art galleries and performing arts centers. eco-tourism, wildflowers and international film festivals await you at the upscale village of palm springs. take your pick from the virtually endless vacation possibilities in this magnificent western state.
unique inns in california (directory to california bed and breakfasts)
carter house • eureka, ca stanford inn • mendocino, ca tallman hotel  • upper lake, ca churchill manor • napa, ca cypress inn • carmel-by-the-sea, ca vagabond's house • carmel-by-the-sea, ca the avalon hotel • catalina, camccloud hotel • mccloud, cacarmel lamp lighter inn • carmel, ca




