











student jobs – uw–madison


































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









student jobs





search






menu
open menu


close





home
browse jobs
post a job
expand


collapse



uw positions
non-uw positions
off-campus work-study partners
become a work-study partner


employer resources
student resources
wigrow
faq
contact us
 



office of student financial aid
 








 




welcome to student jobs!
students use the student jobs site to access thousands of part-time employment opportunities at uw-madison as well as with businesses and families within the local community. students find meaningful opportunities to support their educational pursuits and lifestyle while also gaining critical professional and personal skills. positions are posted on student jobs throughout the year and the site is updated daily, for jobs during both the academic year and summer terms. students seeking internships and full-time professional career opportunities should use handshake.
  student.employment@finaid.wisc.edu       608.262.3060 (option 3)

 
 
 
 




browse student jobs 


            uw-madison student jobs          



            local student jobs          



            graduate student jobs          



            all student jobs          





understand the job types
we are currently working to improve the accessibility of the student jobs platform. if you need accessibility assistance while navigating the student jobs platform, please contact student.employment@finaid.wisc.edu.

 
 
 
 




student testimonials

 
 
 
 




“my uw-madison student job has helped me hone in on what i am passionate about and want to spend my time doing, on top of discovering what i don’t like, both in a job and beyond!”

 



“working on campus offers an incredibly convenient work environment. not only is it conveniently placed, but your uw-madison employer is also happy to support your busy schedule. student employers understand that there is a lot on any given student’s plate, so they are more than happy to accommodate you work schedule with your class schedule, personal life, and general well-being.”

 



“uw-madison student jobs will teach you about interactions with people and customers working in the real world. the skills you will learn on the job are invaluable and can be transferred to any job you will have in the future.”

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact usstudent employment
333 east campus mall 9th floor
email: student.employment@finaid.wisc.edu
phone: 608-262-3060 (option 3)
 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: student.employment@finaid.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











