




lowest price traffic school | florida online traffic school and learner permit courses


































state of floridacourse approvaldocumentation
over 4.4 millioncustomers served!




login
about us
support
en español







based on over 180,000 customer reviews






home
learner's permit
traffic school


dmv permit exam
contact us
faq




★ cheap online traffic school ★ fl dmv approved course provider ★
choose another state







lowestpricetrafficschool.com
stop searching. start saving. why pay more?


menu


login




home
traffic school
learner's permit
contact us
dmv permit test
faq
free dmv practice test
about us










learner's permit
everything you need to get your permit today!



drug and alcohol course (required)
dmv learner's permit written exam (required)
dmv practice test (try for free!)
start and stop the course whenever you want!(our course saves your place)






$7.79* 

start now!learner's permit course
aprender mas
learn more



lowest price guaranteed see details
*plus state of florida assessment fee & provider processing fee and adlts fee more info


 


traffic school
fast & easy - get your certificate today!



no points - ticket dismissal course
keep your insurance rates from going up
free certificate. free delivery (usps).
start and stop the course whenever you want!(our course saves your place)




start now!traffic school course
aprender mas
learn more



$5.94* 



lowest price guaranteed see details
*plus state of florida assessment fee & provider processing fee and convenience fee more info







check out our customer reviews!


florida's fast & fun driving courses
easily accessible-always affordable
whether you're taking our 4-hour traffic law and substance abuse education (tlsae) course to get your florida learner's permit or if your need a defensive driving/traffic school course to dismiss a ticket or get an insurance rate reduction, you've come to the right place. at lowestpricetrafficschool.com we offer the best courses in the industry at the lowest prices you'll find anywhere and we guarantee it! plus, every course we offer is state-approved and can be completed online in the comfort of your own home.
the florida department of highway safety & motor vehicles requires that we collect a state assessment fee for each person completing a bdi or tlsae course. lowestpricetrafficschool.com may collect some or all of the below additional fees. these fees are in addition to the posted price for the course, exam or package. automated drivers license testing system (adlts) fees: our testing services are conducted under contract with intellectual technology, inc (iti), a third-party entity with which the florida department of highway safety & motor vehicles requires providers like us to use. iti charges a per transaction testing fee of $4.42. we collect that fee from customers and remit the amount to iti. the department and iti charge a retesting fee for those learner's permit applicants who fail to pass the florida written test ($10 department fee and $4.42 iti fee). additionally, the company charges a fee for license re-testing ($9.95) and processing fee of $5.58. state assessment fee for bdi or tlsae courses: the florida department of highway safety & motor vehicles requires that we collect a state assessment fee of $2.50 (bdi) and $3.00 (tlsae) for each person completing a bdi or tlsae course. these assessment fees are remitted to the department's highway safety operating trust fund, which is used to administer the department's programs and to fund the general operations of the department. provider processing fee: providers are required to process and submit your information to the department as well as maintain certain course records pursuant to florida law. for the initial bdi or tlsae course transaction, we include an additional charge of $27.45 for bdi and $26.95 for tlsae processing fee. convenience fee: for the initial bdi course transaction only, we include an additional charge of $3.95 to offset expenses of offering the convenient online course. there is no convenience fee for tlsae customers. for texas driving safety course customers, there is no convenience fee, however, there is an administrative fee of $3.00 pursuant to sec. 1001.352. retesting fee for bdi and tlsae course: there is a retesting fee for those who fail to pass the bdi or tlsae course of $29.88. the exam, however, is an open book test with no time limit to completing the test. we do not require any student to purchase a course completion certificate and certificates are delivered free of charge via us mail unless the student exercises the option to purchase an expedited delivery method. driver's license prep courses (new driver/drivers license/motorcycle license/cdl license) are not regulated by the state of florida and customers may take unlimited tests/re-test during their access period.

why go online?
whether you need driver's education or traffic school, our 100% online format gives you total convenience and flexibility. not only will you have access to your course 24/7, but you'll also have the freedom to work on it wherever you please. put the days of a crowded classroom behind you and take your next first-time driver's ed or your florida traffic school online from lowestpricetrafficschool.com.


why choose lowest price?
we know that you have a choice when it comes to your online driving courses, so that's why we offer the best courses in the industry at the lowest prices you'll find anywhere. and we don't just say that, we back it up with our low price guarantee and our straight forward pricing.


why go anywhere else?
every online driving course we offer has been approved by the department of highway safety and motor vehicles (dhsmv) and will fulfill your legal obligations. rest assured, if you're a first-time driver looking for a convenient driver's ed alternative - or if you need to dismiss a traffic ticket, prevent your insurance rates from going up, or need your license reinstated - you can put your trust in us.


what about my certificate of completion?
if you're looking to get your first-time driver's license of if you're taking our 4-hour or 8-hour traffic school course, the thing that you really need is your certificate of completion. this is the document that verifies that you have completed your online course. we understand that there are often important deadlines that you must meet, so upon completion of your course, we'll process your certificate and send it to you via us mail. if you need it faster, we also offer rush processing/express delivery for an incremental fee.


why am i guaranteed to pass my course?
one of the coolest things about our courses is if you don't pass your final exam on your first attempt, you can take it again as many times as needed until you do. 99% of our students pass the course because it's so easy, fast, and fun! so don't worry - enjoy the course knowing you pass and if you don't, you can take unlimited re-takes for a small fee. so, what are you waiting for? sign up and get your certificate today!


is this course state-approved?
yes. all of our courses are state-approved. whether you require an online tlsae course, traffic school course, traffic collision avoidance course (tcac), mandatory driving school, or court-ordered traffic school, you can be confident that you're taking the course you need to successfully fulfill your legal obligations.


is the online dmv exam state authorized?
yes! our florida online permit exam is authorized by the florida dmv for anyone age 17 and under. the permit exam includes the required road rules and road sign examinations. when you complete your authorized fl permit exam online there is no waiting at the dmv.




learner's permit


start now!learner's permit course
aprender mas
learn more




traffic school


start now!traffic school course
aprender mas
learn more










click for reviews

based on over 180,000 customer reviews



express shipping
take your course today and get your certificate in hours!
ups
fedex
email
usps


why choose our course?










exclusive provider of the official florida driver handbook, 2003-2011, and publisher/distributor of the 2025 florida drivers license handbook. we're florida's #1 online traffic school and leading provider of florida first time driver courses and tests.


our experts are here to help(800) 729-1997







traffic ticket? select your city ▾
altamonte springs
apopka
aventura
boca raton
bonita springs
boynton beach
bradenton
cape coral
casselberry
clearwater
clermont
coconut creek
cooper city
coral gables
coral springs
crestview
cutler bay
dania beach
davie
daytona beach
deerfield beach
deland
delray beach
deltona
doral
dunedin
edgewater
fort lauderdale
fort myers
fort pierce
gainesville
greenacres
haines
hallandale beach
hialeah
hialeah gardens
hollywood
homestead
jacksonville
jacksonville beach
jupiter
key west
kissimmee
lake buena vista
lake worth
lakeland
largo
lauderdale lakes
lauderhill
leesburg
margate
melbourne
miami
miami beach
miami gardens
miami lakes
miramar
new smyrna beach
north lauderdale
north miami
north miami beach
north port
oakland park
ocala
ocoee
orlando
ormond beach
oviedo
palm bay
palm beach gardens
palm coast
palmetto bay
panama city
parkland
pembroke pines
pensacola
pinellas park
plant city
plantation
pompano beach
port orange
port st. lucie
riviera beach
rockledge
royal palm beach
sanford
sarasota
sebastian
st. cloud
st. petersburg
sunny isles beach
sunrise
tallahassee
tamarac
tampa
tarpon springs
temple terrace
titusville
venice
wellington
west palm beach
weston
winter garden
winter haven
winter park
winter springs







register now for any course or product and
	save $5.00 during checkout!
	simply enter save321 and take advantage of this $5.00 discount.





pages

florida traffic school [home]
florida learner's permit
drug & alcohol course
dmv permit practice test
florida dmv
florida driver's license
exclusive extras
cdl practice test
motorcycle practice test
escuela de tráfico de florida
online texas defensive driving course


free dmv practice test
florida traffic school
8-hour traffic school
12-hour adi course
florida defensive driving
first time driver
curso de alcohol y drogas
safe driver
la escuelita barata



social media

be a fan on facebook
follow us on twitter
watch us on youtube
blogs



latest from our blogs
train crash escape route
teen driving blog
eclipse 2017 - avoid the roads!
safe driving blog
proof: red light cameras aren't only about money
laws & leadership blog


all major credit cards accepted


contact us

contact support
lowestpricetrafficschool.com

4651 salisbury rd, suite 400
jacksonville, fl 32256

(800) 729 1997any questions? just call.
support@lowestpricetrafficschool.com

$6.95 and up






pages

florida traffic school [home]
florida learner's permit
drug & alcohol course
dmv permit practice test
florida dmv
florida driver's license
exclusive extras
cdl practice test
motorcycle practice test
escuela de tráfico de florida
free dmv practice test
florida traffic school
8-hour traffic school
12-hour adi course
florida defensive driving
first time driver
curso de alcohol y drogas
safe driver
online texas defensive driving course
la escuelita barata




all major credit cards accepted





© 2025 lowestpricetrafficschool. all rights reserved.

sitemap
help
guarantee/refund policy
terms and conditions & privacy policy






sitemap
 | 
login


help
 | 
terms and conditions & privacy policy

© 2025 lowestpricetrafficschool. all rights reserved.














