





	  home - neca

























homepartnerscareerscontact us

login
                       |
                



neca at its bestoverviewpeoplelocationhistoryaffiliatescontact usstudent chapter2011 annual report2012 annual reportelectrical expertiseelectrical systems and technologieselectrical standardselectrical expert directoryfind ec's outside ilelectric vehicle charging stationsmembershipwhy join?become a memberelectrical expertseducation & eventsoverviewannual conferenceseducationmeetingsawardsoverviewadvocacyoverviewour missionpolitics 101legislationpacnewsoverviewhot topicsnews releasesweekly newslettermonthly journalsrelated news













experts in renewable energygreen energy systems are not new to the members of neca. the electrical contractor members of neca have provided project expertise for evolving technologies throughout our existence.read more >>



















join usmember home













news of notehours reported to nebfone reliable measurement of   
activity within the electrical construction markets locally, regionally and   
nationally is manhours reported monthly to the industry's national pension  
 plan.  neca uses this compiled information in order to analyze industry trends  
 and work  toward allocating resources in the most effective and efficient  
 manner. of  course, it is widely known that it is important to measure the  
 status of the  industry in order to develop methods that could help to offer  
 quality electrical  systems services to an ever changing customer base. new  
 technologies spur new  demands that neca members are uniquely positioned to  
 serve. log in to find out  more about the trends in the electrical construction 
  industry.more >>industry trendsneca can provide you with a  great source of information  
 about industry trends. for instance, the national  labor management cooperative 
  committee utilizes the services of an independent  economic firm, the  
 construction labor research council (clrc), in order to  measure market share.  
 the clrc compiles two separate measures of market share  utilizing information  
 reported to government agencies and the industry's  national electrical benefit 
  fund.more >>electric vehicle chargingneca is an evitp  partner. evitp is an open  
 industry-wide national training and certification  program that provides the  
 electric vehicle (ev) industry with the highest level  of verifiable knowledge  
 and technical understanding to support the sound, safe  and successful growth  
of  the ev market. more >>about usthe northeastern illinois chapter,  neca has roots in the  
 industry that reach back to nearly a century ago. neca is  dedicated soley to  
 improving the business of electrical contracting and  enhancing services to the 
  customers who utilize electrical systems and energy  technology solutions.  more >>chapter summer meeting-osthoff resortthe osthoff resort, a aaa four star rated property is located on the pristine shoreline of elkhart lake, wisconsin. an enjoyable driving trip will lead you to this polished resort with spacious rooms or suites, elegant and casual dining, a world class spa, easy access to some of the finest golf courses in the midwest and a full compliment of pool and beach facilities. truly a worthwhile business retreat for members and their families, the osthoff resort promises to be a favorite destination.
this year’s chapter summer meeting will be a unique event with a agenda tailored to address your interests . the summer meeting provides neca members with a chance to meet with other electrical contractors and discuss solutions to common challenges facing the electrical construction industry. thursday evening-board of directors meeting – 5:30 p.m to 9:00 p.m. friday morning-general membership meeting- 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. friday afternoon-chapter golf outing- 12:15 p.m. friday luncheon-non golfers friday evening- social mixer saturday morning-seminar 8:00 a.m. to 11:30 p.m. saturday evening- dinner  and entertainment  
more >>at the nation's capitolneca members are making a difference on capitol hill. join us in washington at the mandarian oriental from monday, march 28 through wednesday, march 30 for neca’s 2022 national legislative conference.participants in the conference will take part in issue briefings and engage with members of congress and washington insiders while gaining a unique perspective on the legislative process. all registrants have the opportunity to meet with legislative leaders at neca offices on capitol hill and at our congressional reception. members from the northeastern illinois chapter, neca are frequent attendees. among neca’s legislative priorities this past year were policies aimed at infrastructure, pension reform, reducing the estate tax, procurement reform, and closing a loophole that allows employers to misclassify employees as independent contractors. neca also opposed legislation to reform our immigration system that could hold contractors liable for the hiring practices of subcontractors. 123456

























latest newsacademy honorscontractors receive high honorsbruce a. creenoctober 29, 2018kevin p. connelly (right) and thomas m. morton inducted into academy of electrical contracting.county ready for electric vehicleskane county electric vehicle ordinancemarch 18, 2018improving upon the groundwork laid by the clean cities initiative, kane county is poised to be an early adopter of an ev ordinance.neca green energy challengeengineering students prove they can save energyassociation updatemarch 18, 2018electrical systems are constantly evolving. the businesses that rely upon electrical energy can be assured that neca has a strong network of student chapters to ensure that tomorrow's technology and management practices will be readily available to meet your energy needs.power up nowneca's expertise and skilled craft workersmarch 18, 2018  the intersection of neca's expertise and skilled craft workers 
 2014-04-26 
 neca 
 power up now 
   
 more news


























annual conferenceneca convention 2022october 08, 2022
                                                    | 9:00 am - 10:00 pm










 



 
future neca convention cities
























 


2022 austin, tx   october 15-18  

2027 indianapolistbd  



2023 philadelphia    sept. 29- oct. 2 

2028 nashville tbd   



2024 san diegoseptember 28-october 1 

2029 boston tbd  



2025 chicago  september 12-14     
2030 los angeles 
tbd    



2026 tbd     
     2032 washington dc                        tbd        



 



 



  
 


















































need more info?contact chapter office
neca northeastern illinois chapter
630-876-5360
www.neca-web.org 












neca quick blogthe power of quality-the energy of expertiseit's not a cliche. when it comes to electrical energy there is no room for shortcuts.more










neca resources for ec'sworking for neca membersneca offers electrical contractors a professional staff that extends well beyond the chapter level, including a midwest region field staff specializing in labor relations, a headquarters staff with expertise in education, communications, human resource, marketing, businsess development, legislative affairs, safety, codes & standards  and labor negotiationsmore

















this neca websitewhat is this all about?the northeastern illinois chapter, neca is a local trade 
association chartered by neca, the voice of the electrical contracting 
industry.visit neca website


follow us!
site map 
© 2022 northeastern illinois chapter, neca inc. | 2100 manchester rd|suite 101 | wheaton, il 60187 |630-876-5360
 

                        site designed by square root interactive











