miami restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in miami by diningguide
homeaboutcontactmiami restaurantsmobile versionen españolweb directory list your restaurant (free) add url bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > miami home pagemiami restaurantsrestaurant posts“cafe bastille downtown miami”“cafe bastille downtown miami is your go-to spot for an authentic french breakfast and bru…”posted by: cafe bastille downtown miami“inspiration lies on the vines”“upon entering chef adrianne's, you immediately leave miami for a culinary trip to wine co…”posted by: chef adrianne's vineyard restaurant and wine bar“brunch has arrived at maia house”“brunch has arrived at maia house with a new take on traditional mexican breakfast! their …”posted by: maia houserestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“amazing and magnificent”non-member, reader - “simply delicious, the food is very good and the place is sp…”said about: villa azur“amazing restaurant!”non-member, reader - “i've visited villa azur on thursday night, and this is the …”said about: villa azur“last minute dinner”non-member, reader - “my wife and i just dropped in out of the blue. i had been c…”said about: doral thai restaurantwe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)


welcome to metroguide.network's miami diningguide, a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan miami, florida. use metroguide's diningguide service to find miami restaurants by location or 
cuisine. try our dining search box (above), to look for a particular 
name or address, or use our miami overview map (at left), 
to jump to dining options. for a miami dining overview, click here.

as the commercial, cultural capital of the americas, miami's dining scene reflects burgeoning diversity, mixing exotic newcomer restaurants with long-standing institutions, 
often seasoned by latin influence and hot winds of the caribbean. new world cuisine, a culinary counterpart to accompany miami's new world symphony, provides a loose fusion of latin, asian, and caribbean flavors utilizing fresh, area-grown ingredients. innovative restaurateurs and chefs similarly reel in patrons with floribbean-flavored seafood fare, while keeping true to down-home florida favorites, sometimes called cracker cookin'. joe's stone 
crab, at the southern end of south beach, reigns as a king of crab palaces, recently heading out to sea with annexes aboard carnival's fun ships. another institution, the forge, is known for rare antiques, exquisite objects d' art and a 300,000-bottle wine cellar. tasty cuban cuisine is served at hundreds of cafés and bodegas in and around little havana, while colombian, 
nicaraguan, puerto rican and other latin flavors are also readily available. early bird dinner specials, always popular with retirees, remain plentiful in miami. yet with dining out an essential part of miami nightlife, no patron need ever fear restaurants will roll up their sidewalks shortly after sundown. in fact, that's when trendy south beach outposts begin to sizzle.

diningguide miami is part of metroguide miami, offering guides to events, shopping, nightlife, hotels, attractions and more for south florida.




diningguide has additional south florida restaurant information at diningguide palm beaches, diningguide fort lauderdale and the diningguide florida keys.

miami dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan miami 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·downtown miami
dining options in the heart of the city including the booming brickell area, just south of downtown miami, and the design district just to the north

·miami beach
restaurants in miami beach, across biscayne bay from the mainland. this area includes bal harbour and surfside
·coconut grove - key biscayne
dining options in coconut grove and across biscayne bay at key biscayne, near the miami seaquarium and crandon park

·aventura
restaurants in aventura, south of hallandale and broward county and north of north miami beach, including the communities of ojus, sunny isles and sunny isles beach

·coral gables
dining options in the upscale community of coral gables, the city beautiful, including the area around the university of miami

·north - northwest miami - dade
restaurants in hialeah, hialeah gardens, miami lakes, palm springs north, carol city and opa-locka

·miami airport
the miami international airport (mia) and miami springs areas offer numerous restaurant options. 

·south beachart deco district / sobe. the southern tip of miami beach is home to stylish restaurants and the world-famous ocean drive

·northeast miami - dade
dining options in northeast miami - dade, south of aventura, including the communities of north miami beach and miami shores

·south miami - dade
dining options in the areas of kendall, kendall lakes, pinecrest, killian drive and richmond heights

·fort lauderdale metro
dining options north of miami - dade county, in the communities of broward county

miami dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant 
listings will be grouped by location). in particular, we  
recommend that you have a look at our new restaurants section, which we 
continually update just as soon as we hear about exciting new places to eat.
new restaurantslow-carb itemsamericanamerican - casualargentinianasianbakerybarbequebrazilianbuffetcafecajuncaribbeanchickenchinesecoffeecolombiancontinentalcubandelicatessendessertsdinerfast foodfine diningfonduefrenchfrench fine diningfusiongermangreekhealthy - naturalice cream - yogurtindianinternationalirishitalianjapanesekosherlatinmediterraneanmexicanmiddle easternnew worldnicaraguannorthern italianpizzeriapubspuerto ricanseafoodsouthwesternspanishsteaksushithai
to return to the diningguide miami home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at miami restaurantscabaret every saturday night we have a special artist along with the humor of "bonco" quiñongo!… performance - dinner theater ache supper club (versailles hotel condominium)every sat sunday brunch at the cheesecake factory classic brunch dishes with a unique twist served every sunday until 2 pm. the entire menu is also av… dining - brunch the cheesecake factory (aventura mall) 305-792-9696every sun recession decompression prepare for a stress-free weekend by enjoying 3 hours of latin jazz, 3 beverages of choice and unlim… nightlife - theme night jaguar ceviche spoon bar and latam grill 305-444-0216every thu kendall networkers breakfast club members make presentations, share experiences and build alliances. the referral club consists o… business - networking la carreta restaurant kendall 786-228-96463rd wed live piano jazz the piano bar hosts american standards and light jazz for guests' enjoyment… nightlife - jazz christy's restaurantevery fri every sat gypsy knights wednesday a live entertainment dining experience happens every week, using symbolic costuming and custom creat… nightlife - theme night nikki beachevery wed « top of pageadjacent links:florida keys restaurantsfort lauderdale restaurantsrelated links:daytona beach restaurantsspace coast restaurants treasure coast restaurants fort myers restaurants jacksonville restaurantsnaples restaurants orlando restaurantspalm beaches restaurantspensacola restaurantssarasota - bradenton restaurants tampa - st. petersburg restaurants other links:vertical farm daynational ubi daylos angeles restaurantsnew york restaurantsmetroguide.network > diningguide > miami home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide miami are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionsportofcallmore locations...full map



miami restaurants:our readers'5 smile favoritesthe cheesecake factorymiami restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoriteshouse of indiaaftergloosteria del teatrorestaurant st. michelblue doorbaslico ristorantefritz & franz bierhauscafe avantisibilla by  bicela lupa di romacacao restaurantcafe sambalvixtexas de brazil churrascaria miami


