 





the history of metropolitan vancouver
































































 






skip to content





















 















  
home
about

about the author
the book
sample chapters

1889 – sample chapter
1907 (sample chapter)
1910 (sample chapter)
1911 (sample chapter)
1929 (sample chapter)
1931 (sample chapter)
1935 (sample chapter)
1939 (sample chapter)
1942 (sample chapter)
1957 (sample chapter)


sponsors


chronology
archive

hall of fame
people
places
events
books & publications
mayors of vancouver
the orpheum
the american page
the scottish page


glimpses

as the english see us
bc’s first excursion trip
biz-biz
oddities
sunspots
today in local history
vancouver’s first passenger train


odds and ends

a brief history of greater vancouver
biz-biz
links
mayors of vancouver
oddities
street names
the orpheum
the teacher’s page
vancouver books


contact





 










 











 


















the history of vancouver in bite-sized fun-facts and stories 











quick links 




 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 












did you know...? 




 lachlan a. hamilton as a young man





lauchlan hamilton was the cpr land commissioner who, starting in 1885 as a young man of 33, surveyed much of vancouver and named many of its streets. (a plaque commemorating his work is on the building at the southwest corner of hamilton and hastings, once a bank.)
if you live or work downtown hamilton put you where you are.
hamilton’s impact on early vancouver’s physical appearance was enormous, but this is just one of the western canadian cities he laid out. william van horne and the cpr gave him complete authority (at the age of 28) to select the 25 million acres the railway had been given as a subsidy and also authorized him to survey the land for the cities along the line. hamilton designed early calgary, regina and moose jaw and, he once wrote, “numberless” other settlements along the line. 







 
learn more about hamilton











this month in local history 




 the buzzer [image: translink]





on june 16, 1928 nat bailey established a permanent restaurant in a small log hut at west 67th avenue and granville, calling it the white spot barbecue, the first white spot drive-in.
on june 22, 1956 burnaby’s stylish new municipal hall opened near deer lake in the geographical centre of the municipality. architectural historian dr. harold kalman wrote this about the building: “fred hollingsworth, one of the pioneers of the new west coast style, produced an understated masterpiece of modernism, a two-storey structure whose crisp rectangular design symbolized burnaby’s progressive leadership.” 







 
read on















vancouver books 



hundreds of books have been produced by vancouver writers, and dozens more have been written about vancouver. now, researched exclusively for vancouverhistory.ca, karen cannon has compiled an annotated list of 945 vancouver books. ms. cannon is a retired librarian. you’ll make some fascinating discoveries in her collection. 







 
read on















related sites 




 





 





 





 





 






















about the author - chuck davis











when an old-fashioned historian dies in these times of instant news and fleeting celebrity, it’s usually little noted. but the death of vancouver’s 75-year-old chuck davis in nov. 2010 had been preceded — since his earlier announcement he had just weeks to live — by a huge wave of public tributes. those who knew davis well — and i was one — understood that someone unique was leaving the scene. the history of vancouver and davis are, and will always be, inextricably bound... – ..when he stepped off the train in vancouver in dec. 1944, the nine-year-old looked around, saw green instead of the white of mid-winter winnipeg, and said to his father, “i think we’ve come to the right place.” but his father, fleeing an unhappy marriage, may have soon had other thoughts. they lived, dirt poor, in an unheated squatters shack on burrard inlet until it burned down.  and when thieves stole his father’s entire stock of warehoused candy — he’d planned to open a candy store in east vancouver — the two were left destitute. for years, father and son bounced around vancouver, burnaby, and ontario — taking odd jobs, living in a series of dumps, trying to survive.read more…. 











 



chuck davis – bc booklook



18 august 202329 january 2025 

ariba@vanhis 


january 14th, 2016 the ultimate expert on all historical matters pertaining to vancouver, chuck davis, routinely asked students in vancouver






 



mr. vancouver on mural



9 july 201526 january 2021 

vancouver history 


if there was someone who knew the people and places of vancouver, it was chuck davis. ‘mr vancouver’ – historian, author and broadcaster.






 



chuck davis wins bc book prizes



14 may 201230 april 2021 

vancouver history 


chuck davis won two awards for his bestselling book the chuck davis history of metropolitan vancouver























events







 


events archive  
happy birthday, vancouver!







 


events archive guest posts  
the impresario






 


events archive  
1907






 


events archive  
1886



 
















guest posts















sunday bathsguest postssunday bathsby larry wong7 january 2021guest postslarry wong writes that he was born in chinatown in the summer of 1938. "my father, a tailor who specialized in custom-made shirts rented a store on main street. our living quarters was at the back of the shop. it was crowded with my parents, two brothers and a sister..."the life and times of foon sienguest posts, people archivethe life and times of foon sienby vancouver history6 january 2021guest posts, people archivelargely forgotten since his death in 1971, wong foon sien was perhaps the most influential person in vancouver’s chinatown, if not in canada, in the easing of restrictions of the immigration laws. in the late 1940s, the chinese in canada were allowed to bring in from china their spouses, unmarried children under 21...the impresarioevents archive, guest poststhe impresarioby vancouver history6 january 2021events archive, guest postsernie fladell died in lions gate hospital on friday, dec. 8, aged 81. many vancouverites have never heard of him, even when he was brightening their lives year after year. not many others have done so much for this town's performing arts—and for its residents—as ernie achieved....  














the history of metropolitan vancouver
this is a companion website to chuck davis' the history of metropolitan vancouver, the "big, detailed, solidly informative and very readable (book)... covering everything from bowen island east to langley." chuck called it "the capstone" of his writing career.
look for interesting stories, snippets and factoids about vancouver and its environs as presented by mr. vancouver himself! 

quick linksthe book
glimpses
contact
 

categories

archive

author

black history

board of trade

chronology

discoveries

events archive

guest posts

hall of fame

people archive

places archive

publications archive

sunspots

today in local history


 

acknowledgements photo accession and supplemental research:
jim mcgraw
vancouver books page:
karen cannon

biographical research:
constance brissenden
larry loyie
donna jean mackinnon

website:
quasar design & data management inc. (qddm)

 











 

copyright © 2025 the history of metropolitan vancouver. all rights reserved.theme: colourmag by themegrill. powered by wordpress.  





























