


midwest fastener | fastener supplier & fastener manufacturer







































login
register

home
about

our history
our mission
virtual tour
videos
partners
gear
apply here
latest news


why choose us

our concept
nationwide distribution
testimonials


products

product line
brands

hangmaster
torquemaster
saberdrive
saberdrive platinum
partner brands


spec sheets


contact

the industry’s most trusted, recognizable hardware supplier.learn morereliable, rugged, and secure construction fasteners.learn morea complete line of fasteners.  selection is our game.learn morewhy choose midwest?  see what our customers have to say.learn morefriendly, responsive sales reps committed to service excellence.learn morewelcome to midwest fasteneras the industry’s most knowledgeable, responsive, and trusted hardware supplier, midwest fastener has maintained a commitment to excellence since its founding in 1967. whether we’re pursuing product excellence through our branded lines or we’re chasing service excellence by providing our customers with unmatched merchandising expertise, we’ve worked tirelessly to attain – and uphold – our position as a leading hardware supplier and hardware manufacturer. because of their unique, customer-focused designs, our branded products – torquemaster, hangmaster, and saberdrive – have earned a reputation for increasing visibility and boosting sales.
if you’ve been searching for ways to improve customer retention, simplify stocking, reduce merchandising costs, and increase profits, midwest fastener can help. with years of experience, a complete focus on service, and an unwavering dedication to innovating new, useful products, we aren’t just a supplier, we’re a partner.
about uswhy choose usproductstestimonialsswitching to midwest fastener was an easy choice! everyone was so great to work with, and the upgraded displays have added a great look. the assortment and availability has been the best we have seen. we have very limited floor space, and midwest fastener has made it very easy to add new space in the pull out assortments. we are blessed to have had the same rep since the beginning of our relationship. 
kyle stuckwischseymour ace hardware, seymour, in working with midwest is a partnership with friends who understand that their success is achieved through our success!
gerry weaverjb zimmerman, gap, pawith multiple store locations and diverse markets, the demands of our business take us in so many directions every day. whatever the needs of our business, i know i can depend on the partnership and the expertise of the midwest fastener team.
stephanie blandcentral network retail group, merchantkeeping you informedclick below for our recent news postings.newstour ourfastener destinationtake a virtual look at midwest fastener’s fastener destination.virtual tourmake your displaya masterpiecelet us help you increase sales, visibility, and customer satisfaction.view catalogour partnersour distribution systemwhen you’re looking to stock construction or general fasteners, keys, signage, and other critical parts quickly, you can depend on midwest fastener. with a national distribution network, we’re able to receive, process, and ship orders within 48 hours.

six distribution centers throughout the united states, with over 600,000 square feet of warehousing space to ensure that you receive the products you need, when you need them.
a large inventory of in-stock items, so you never need to worry about the hardware that you need being out of stock, back ordered, or unavailable.
all orders ship within 48 hours with a 98% fill rate, allowing you to be confident that your project’s hardware needs will be met in a timely manner.

 
more info

corporate headquarters
9031 shaver road
kalamazoo, mi 49024-6164
phone
sales & customer service: 1-800-444-7313
industrial sales: 1-800-444-5011
fax
toll free: 1-800-388-9798
local calls: 1-269-327-9798
aboutour historyour missionvirtual tourvideospartnersgearapply herelatest newswhy choose usour conceptnationwide distributiontestimonialsproductsproduct linebrandsspec sheets©2025 midwest fastener all rights reserved.web development by blue fire mediasitemap | privacy policy | login





