









home














 







 




























menu







				home							





				about latc				  











our mission
la tri club was built on passion and performance. we provide a unique blend of elite coaching and an unmatched network of information, support services, training & racing activities, and community for all ages and abilities. 
learn more about what drives latc.








membership benefits
members enjoy unparalleled training, education, competition support, and social activities. plus enjoy the best sponsor discounts!
check out membership benefit details.








leadership
dedication, perseverance, and unwavering commitment to our sport and club members best describes our incredible leadership team.
meet our leadership team.






other links


club history
25 years of experience and strength
- that's a powerful combination.
performance coaches
usat certified coaching staff.
club news and press
the latest from latc.
latc hall of fame
some of the sport's greatest multisport athletes are latc members.
sponsorship opportunities
support latc triathletes
- the best in la and beyond!














				calendar							





				benefits							





				members							





				services							





















you can 
swimbikerun
with us
la tri club was built on passion and performance. we provide a unique blend of expert coaching and an unmatched network of training & social events to get you across the finish line.
join now














discounts & perks
la tri club works with some of the most sought-after brands in the endurance sports & active lifestyle sectors. we negotiate steep discounts for our community, so you can focus on what matters most.
learn more








customized training
whether you are an experienced athlete looking to shave minutes off a pr or a "tri-curious" beginner training for your first race, we have a coach for you. find your tribe & join our performance program.
learn more








events & meetups
join us for our monthly club meet-up called 'first thursday' at rotating venues throughout los angeles. all are welcome and we encourage you to stop by and meet the club. visit our calendar below.
learn more









 
 















never train
alone
for nearly three decades, la tri club (latc) has been helping athletes achieve their goals. whether you are a seasoned professional or just starting out on your triathlon journey, latc has something for you. one of the most valuable aspects of la tri club is our network of coaches, community and support services. our training calendar is full of work-outs geared to connect, encourage and improve performance. we understand the commitment required to train for multisport events and can help lighten your load with customized training plans, swim resources (including our masters swim program, private swim lessons, underwater swim analysis and los angeles based ocean swim clinics) and an unlimited community of training partners for swim, bike and run.
learn more















velocity
unlimited live & on-demand cycling
never miss a ride again. join the la tri club 'velocity' indoor cycling program and gain access to weekly live-streamed rides lead by expert cycling instructors, a motivational & safe training environment and the convinience of the unlimited on-demand library to train when you want.
start free trial






masters swim
pool swimming workouts for adults
you don't have to be a master of swimming to join the la tri club masters swim program. our workouts are coach-led and designed to support all levels of swimmers with engaging, aerobic & technique focused programming that will develop & reinforce critical swimming skills.
sign up here













find your faster







latc in the news
"to date, latc has supported over 20k athletes, largely in part to the ethos of fun that permeates every aspect of the club." check out our feature in triathlete mag.
read more







swim stroke analysis
having your stroke filmed is a powerful tool to uncovering "quirks" & hidden movements that might be holding you back from maximum efficiency, comfort and speed.
book here







blood lactate testing
lactate testing for endurance athletes is the no.1 method to correctly analyze an athlete's fitness and provide a clear path ahead to maximize training.
learn more










latc sponsors

latc sponsors

























































































































































book an intro call
get a free customized assessment
not sure where to start? we can help. 
book a free 1-on-1 call with one of our expert coaches who can offer guidance on training, gear, nutrition and critical steps to take before tackling your next endurance challenge.







name





email





subject





message













submit
        








































club info


about latc
training & coaching
featured races
photos and video
coaches
new to triathlons?




community


train: member-led workouts
social: first thursdays
sell: member classifieds




contact


info (@) latriclub.com

leadership team
media inquiries
sponsorship opportunities




follow la tri club

 
 
 
 














		copyright © 1999 - 2025 la tri club. all rights reserved.
	

read our privacy policy



















la tri club
×

homeabout latccalendarbenefitsservicesjoincontactstorelog in






