



	heuer publishing - play scripts for school, community theater and more


























 






      searchshow finder 





licensing plays and musicals for schools and community theaters since 1928

  

 contact us 

  

 cart  

  

 log in or sign up 
























 new releases 



 adaptations of the classics 



 broadway series 









 show finder 



 full length plays 



 musicals 



 short play scripts 



 ten minute plays 



 ten minute monologues 



 community theatre 



 holiday theater 



 youth theater 









 original series 



 social awareness plays 



 interactive theater 



 anthology library 



 books and resources 



 ben nye makeup 







 posters 



 video rights 



 streaming rights 



 artwork downloads 









 authors' corner 



 submit a new work 



 for our customers 







 about our authors 







 faqs 



 about us 

















































         free escript  airport encounters - by s. mullenyou never know who might run into an airport waiting area, from your long-lost crush, to an angry mother-in-law, to a man dressed up as the airport therapy dog, to a mystery man who has been living there for months and a woman with her pet in a takeout container.download free escriptlincoln: a pioneer tale   one act favorites! accused of comedy, by c. williamscanst thou hearest thee now?, by z. rammelsbergcat-man and kid sparrow: the fantastic crime-fightingduo!, by s. frankenfieldchoose your heist, by d. o'carrollconflict, by w. bradforddrama competition, by k. klitgaarddrama geeks, by b. haywardfallen, by t. akersthe great nursing home escape, by n. hartswickthe haunted house farce, by m. dixon, j. jorywilbur peppy's burger quest, by j. jory  



      privacy policy       shipping       payments       royalties       © 2025 heuer publishing      








accused of comedy


after comedy has been outlawed in society, two bottom-of-the-barrel comics face trial for committing comedy, along with the young woman who broke the law by laughing at them. confronted by a stern lady magistrate, they discover humor is no laughing matter.




canst thou hearest thee now?


a modern-day take on romeo and juliet where two cell line-crossed lovers are kept apart because they come from two separate operating systems (or families): the applelets and the montagoogles.  with help from siri and andy and some familiar shakespearean characters, they try to overcome their barriers and communicate.




cat-man and kid sparrow: the fantastic crime-fighting duo!


as our story begins, we find our heroes, cat-man and kid sparrow, strapped to a rocket, ready to be launched into outer space. their captor is none other than their arch nemesis, dogg dastardly. he is, once again, up to his no-good, evil tricks. he threatens to destroy the city of metroville. and that's not all! soon our dynamite duo discovers that a new, more powerful...




choose your heist


the cosmopolitan museum of art has borrowed a famous painting from a european collection but a group of thieves plan to steal it. will the crooks succeed? will the museum’s security team catch them in time? and just what’s going to happen with this old supply of explosives and bathtub gin squirreled away in the catacombs beneath the museum? it’s up to you. every twist and turn...




conflict


a very amusing explanation of how we crave stories in which the protagonist experiences all kinds of hardship.




drama competition


yes, speaking in front of a crowd is tough. the graduation commencement speech: a little tougher. but that's nothing compared to drama competitions when the adjudicators are either under-qualified or over-educated ego-maniacs looking to lower the boom. can these diehard actors survive this grueling competition? this fun show follows several competitive performances that fall...




drama geeks


nine over-dramatic high school students gather on a bare stage.  they've been invited by a cheeky narrator who poses a question that has confused actors for generations: to be or not to be? when knowing the answer becomes the difference between chic and geek, the stakes are raised and tempers begin to flare. a couple of jokers in the tech booth add light and sound effects to...




fallen


ask any young person to close his eyes and consider factors that might contribute to suicide and chances are he'll ramble off three or four causes. the number of children and teens being admitted to u.s. hospitals for suicidal thoughts or actions is more than double what it was nearly a decade ago. this is olivia's story. this is olivia's why. fallen, guardian of the bridge,...




the great nursing home escape


from a locked-down nursing home in the dead of night, they attempt the greatest escape ever. join this misfit band of “inmates” as they hatch a master plan to escape their dreary nursing home and find something far more important than a baseball game – they find their youth. watch as their best-laid plans go awry with hilarious results! this group of characters will charm you...




the haunted house farce


malcolm has a big problem––his client, mr. dreadful, insists he sell an old mansion by midnight.  malcolm finds a host of zany potential buyers, however, his real problem is that the mansion’s haunted by a family of ghosts who don’t want the place sold. watch as all heck breaks loose when the ghost of abe lincoln, a ghostly “lift” driver, and a ghost-busting exorcist add to...




wilbur peppy's burger quest


wilbur peppy is back from fighting in the war and ready to serve the one thing every soldier craved in the trenches... vegetables!  with the burger craze hitting the u.s., wilbur (with the help of his wife, rosie the riveter) decides to open a burger restaurant for broccoli burgers! as you can expect broccoli burgers can't hold their pickles to -- the cheese burger.  wilbur...



 


























