







baseball hats & caps, bags, portfolios & binders made in usa | unionwear



























































javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                
















(877) 932-7864






search


all


all

                                    baseball caps                                

                                    winter knits                                

                                    bags                                

                                    portfolios and binders                                

















go


 custom branded accessories. made right here.





speak to a real person
(877) 932-7864



request quote



contact us
about unionwear
news & press












union made in usa logo accessories





















union made in usa logo accessories


 hats


 bags


 winter knits


 portfolios


 embroidery






performance hats
camper hats
visors
boonies and buckets
trucker hats
pro baseball style hats
camo hats







dad caps





five panel hats





mesh back hats





in stock blanks





snapback hats





stretchfit hats




a crazy number of styles on demand, including top visor embroideries and the world’s largest selection of mesh back color combinations. we’ve lowered minimums to 24 blank and 48 embroidered and now stock blank caps for next day shipping of 12 units or more.


see bucket hats, camo caps, visors, and more hats and caps






computer sleeves
lunch cases
garment bags
gym bags
dopp kits
fanny packs 







duffel bags





backpacks





tote bags





computer bags





sling messenger bags





cooler bags




everything from our new value-priced union made event giveaway bags to high end duffel and messenger bags.  keep us in mind for small batch custom jobs like 300 backpacks, and styles you need to reshore for usa manufacturing.


see totes, computer bags, gym bags, coolers, and more bags






cuff hats
beanies
scarves







cuff hats





beanies





scarves




the last union shop in america sewing knit ski caps and beanies.   our in house sewing and embroidery enables us to embroider the hats before folding and sewing, leaving a clean finish on the inside.


see all knit products






card cases
junior folders
luggage tags
briefcases
tablet folios
asstd doc holders
journals







zipper folders





stitched folders





accordion folders





ring binders





letter folders





clipboards




the only union shop in america making high end, stitched-edge binders and portfolios now in four finishes and dozens of fashion colors.  our in house embroidery enables us to embroider faux leather covers before the products are completed.


see all portfolios and binders







unionwear embroiders its own hats, bags, and binders before production for cost savings, larger imprint areas, no registration problems, and sharper details. this process allows unionwear to embroider products generally considered unembroiderable: the top of a plastic baseball cap visor. the pocket of a tote bag. the front of a leather portfolio folder.
unionwear now offers contract embroidery services on 80 or more garments (or fewer with a minimum run charge of $615 (s)).  embroidery prices depend on the actual number of stitches it takes to duplicate your design, not on the number of colors. all baseball caps listed at unionwear.com are priced to include up to 4,000 stitches. for an estimate email artwork to sales@unionwear.com.











usa made: no boundaries
customize anything
embroider anywhere
endless color combos






featured videos








"why is the usa made label so important in promotional products?"









"domestic production is competitive with overseas for all but the largest quantities."









"biden and trump have one thing in common: this cap factory in newark, nj"









"the 'usa made' label allows companies to co-brand with the most powerful brand in the world."









"pivoting to face shields and hospital gowns was like building the plane as we were flying it."









"unionwear has made ordering a custom hat as easy as ordering from amazon."









"they did they impossible—re-engineer the bag until domestic production cost less than china."









john oliver: "unionwear really has the eagle by the balls!"









"how does unionwear stay competitive in nj? lean manufacturing and automation."










awards























newswall street journal: kamala lifts nj hat makeraugust 23, 2024|posted by unionwearit was looking like a bad political swag season. and then president biden had a terrible debate. unionwear owner mitch cahn, feeling down about the state of his political sales this election cycle, first had a sense that his fortunes might turn...read moreunionwear: fashion brand? vogue, wwd, vanity fair weigh inaugust 23, 2024|posted by unionweara trio of fashion publications took notice of unionwear's camouflage kamala harris hat last week and attempted to make sense of it's skyrocketing popularity. women's wear daily  quoted unionwear president mitch cahn extensively about the viral nature of the hat's...read morenpr video of unionwear factory goes viralaugust 22, 2024|posted by unionwearnpr postsed a video of unionwear sewing the harris walz camo caps which received over 2 million views, 100k likes, and thousands of positive comments. see it here: https://www.instagram.com/accounts/login/?next=%2freel%2fc_d23quhax-%2f&source=desktop_navread moreview all news 


 





unionwear 

about unionwear
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms and conditions




 hats & caps
bags
winter knits 
portfolios and binders 



connect  






					unionwear
					305 3rd ave w #5,
					newark, nj 07107
				

877-932-7864




the union label is a badge of quality, workplace justice, and living wage. join unions, political campaigns, government agencies, and socially responsible organizations in ensuring that your logo only appears on union and american made and decorated wearables.
we use only the finest materials and workmanship. since 1992






© unionwear 2025 all rights reserved. privacy policy







