






	s & j exco




































login







search























home

about usin operation since 1958, s & j exco, inc. is an environmentally conscious metal and wood waste recycling facility. wood waste, as you may know, is a growing concern worldwide due to the closure of landfills. we accept wood waste, such as fence, pallets, pressure treated and painted wood, railroad ties, and sheet rock.
products & servicess & j exco products and services


roll-off containers
seasoned firewood
wood grinding
site excavation
hauling & screening



landscape suppliess & j exco is a retail landscape supply yard with delivery capabilities to meet all needs from homeowners to large landscape and/or construction sites. 


mulch coverage calculator
gravel coverage calculator



recycling transfer stations & j exco offers large 10, 20, 30 cubic yard containers for construction debris and other types of business or residential non-hazardous waste removal.


wood waste recycling
scrap metal recycling



more . . .



leed credits
download rates
contact us





















welcome to s & j exco
south dennis, ma
your local source for bulk commodities such as bark mulch, firewood, wood chips, stone, sand, shells, loam, and compost.




transfer station
wood waste recycler and scrap metal recycling
s & j exco, inc. is an environmentally conscious wood waste recycler, transfer station and landscape supply facility.




full service yard
committed to customer service
s & j exco is a retail landscape supply yard with delivery capabilities to meet all needs from homeowners to large landscape and construction sites.




landscape materials
premium products
we stock and deliver landscape products such as bark mulches, wood mulches, stone, gravel, screened and masonry sands, fill, loam, shells, cow manure, compost, and potting soils.




































s & j exco, inc.





in operation since 1958, s & j exco, inc. is an environmentally conscious scrap metal purchaser and wood waste recycler, transfer station and landscape supply facility.
at s & j exco, inc. we're committed to customer service while also helping to ensure environmental sustainability by creating eco-friendly, high quality landscape products.
landscape supplies
s & j exco is a retail landscape supply yard with delivery capabilities to meet all needs from homeowners to large landscape and construction sites.
roll-off containers
s & j exco offers large 10, 20, 30 cubic yard roll-off containers for construction debris and other types of business or residential non-hazardous waste removal.
recycling transfer station
our construction and demolition transfer station accepts wood waste, fence and pallets, as well as pressure treated and painted wood, railroad ties, and sheet rock.
we buy scrap metal
scrap metal prices depend on the market dynamics of each specific metal. prices can change daily, weekly, or at a month's end, depending on the product type. our pricing is also affected by the amount and quality of the material.
wood grinding, land clearing and excavation
we perform wood grinding services on and off-site, land clearing, and excavation of all types. we haul bulk commodities such as bark mulch, firewood, wood chips, stone, sand, shells, loam, and compost.
seasoned firewood
stay warm and stock up this winter with firewood from s & j exco. we sell seasoned and debarked firewood! free local delivery to dennis, harwich, yarmouth, brewster and chatham. call for rates to other areas.












products & services




roll-off containersseasoned firewoodwood grindingsite excavationhauling & screening









transfer station




wood waste recyclingscrap metal recycling





























































address





200 great western road
south dennis, ma 02660
(508) 398-4000










hours





monday - friday 7:00 am - 4:00 pm
saturday 7:00 am - 3:00 pm
closed sundays










products & services




roll-off containersseasoned firewoodwood grindingsite excavationhauling & screening









transfer station




wood waste recyclingscrap metal recycling























home | about us | products & services | landscape supplies | recycling transfer station | more . . .




copyright 2025 by s & j exco, inc

        |
        privacy statement
        |
        terms of use




  


























