





montessori, the official international montessori site for theory and teacher training courses information









 
 




            quick search:
montessori 
                              books
 dr. 
                    montessori 
 finding 
                      a school 
 birth 
                to three
montessori in the home, all ages
 montessori 
                                  teacher training
 school 
                                      information
page info

"first montessori books" series, excellent introductions to many aspects of montessori, 1985-2023 books


 
the international montessori index


 
 montessori books and materials
maria montessori montessori schools
 montessori teacher training centers and teaching details
faq - frequently asked questions

the name montessori is not legally 
      protected, and  can be used by anyone for any purpose. today one can find montessori "experts," often with  good intentions, sharing unauthentic montessori information through blogs, videos, parent/teacher training, and more. this can lead to many problems, both in the home and in schools.
this site was created over twenty years ago to help parents and other educators find authentic montessori of value for their children and students.
 dr. montessori created ami, the association montessori internationale in 1929 to further the very best in montessori practice. the information on this site is based on the information from this organization.

montessori ideas can be used with excellent results, and authentic montessori environments created—in homes and other situations—when one truly understands and follows the basic principles. 
  these principles and practices  are verified by modern neuroscience, and proven to be valuable in many ways, as humanity prepares for an unpredictable future. and why it is the fastest growing and most 
        sought after method of education today. 

the international montessori index is  shared by colleges and universities around the world. it is linked to many montessori school sites, and  often cited in academic papers.


linking www.montessori.edu to other educational sites or sharing with friends or collegues: 
you may use anything from this site for educational purpose including 
              academic papers, citing "with permission of the international montessori 
          index, www.montessori.edu"

there have been  
          more than 100,000 million visits to this site from all over the world since it was created by several montessori organizations working together in 1998. 

this page was updated on july 7, 2023


 
 



 






