


goole.com - google.com





















 











 
 


  

 


















 
    custom search
  






goole.com
are people actually looking 
for goole.com when they visit this website? take a look at the current design of
goole.com, did people make a 
spelling mistake or typing error that caused them to land on this website? or 
were they in search of information about the town of goole in  east riding of yorkshire, england? 
lets examine each
possibility in details.
(important term of use: the following discussion may not be accurate anymore
once any of the facts used to support the discussion changes.)




  please help us to understand whether internet users who visit goole.com are actually looking for google.com. thanks.   (  surveys)


how can people
              reach goole.com? there are three ways:


by typing
                  'goole.com' in the address bar of their internet browser
possibility
                  no. 1 
                  he/she is in fact looking for goole.com.
possibility
                  no. 2 
                  he/she who has not visited goole.com before thinks that 
					goole.com is a website specializing in information about the 
					town of goole in england.
possibility no. 3
he/she is making a spelling mistake or typing error.


by typing'
                  goole.com' in the search box of a search engine
possibility
                  no. 1 
                  he/she is in fact looking for goole.com.
possibility
                  no. 2 
                  he/she who has not visited goole.com before thinks that 
					goole.com is a website specializing in information about the 
					town of goole in england.
possibility no. 3
he/she is making a spelling mistake or typing error.


by typing
                  only the word 'goole' in the search box of a search engine.
possibility
                  no. 1 
                  he/she is in fact looking for goole.com.
possibility
                  no. 2 
                  he/she who has not visited goole.com before thinks that 
					goole.com is a website specializing in information about the 
					town of goole in england. or he/she is just trying to look 
					for some information on the town of goole in england by 
					clicking one or more of the search results listed.
possibility no. 3
he/she is making a spelling mistake or typing error.
possibility no. 4
he/she is looking for goole with a domain extension
                  other than dot com like goole.net, goole.org, goole.info,
                  goole.biz, goole.co.uk, goole.ca, goole.tv, goole.us,
                  goole.mobi etc.








meaning of 
				goole: according to 
				wikipedia, the leading free 
				encyclopedia on the internet, goole may refer to:



the town of goole, 
					located in the east 
					riding of yorkshire, england.
brigg and goole, a 
					constituency represented in the parliament 
					of the united kingdom.
goole a.f.c., a 
					semi-professional english football 
					club.
goole railway station.
goole fields.


now, we examine
              each possibility in details.
 
              possibility no. 1: he/she is in fact looking for goole.com.

it is vital to know the history of goole.com because it 
				is the basis of our assumption in respect of possibility no. 1.
              below are a few dates showing how goole.com looked
              like at that time.


				oct 13, 1999, 
				
				jun 12, 2000, 
				
				sep 29, 2002, 
				
				jun 13, 2003, 
				
				jun 23, 2004, 
				
				nov 24, 2005, 
				
				aug 11, 2006, 
				
				sep 06, 2007, 
				
				jun 21, 2008, now

it is beyond 
				the scope of this discussion to make any comments on a website. 
				but by just looking at the history of goole.com, it is submitted 
				and assumed as a personal opinion that it is quite 
				unlikely that an internet user will search for a website like
				goole.com. to further make sure our assumption is reasonable, a 
				search for goole.com was made using google and it was found that 
				goole.com was not indexed in google at all. in other words,
              possibility no. 1 will not really happen.
 possibility no. 
				2: he/she knows that goole is a town in the east riding of 
				yorkshire, england

in addition to
				wikipedia, 
				both answers.com 
              and 
				thefreedictionary.com 
				also explain the meaning of goole as a town in 


				east riding of yorkshire, england. 
				hence, if an internet user is not making a spelling mistake or 
				typing error when typing the word goole or the website name 
				goole.com, he/she must be expecting the internet to provide him 
				or her with information on the town of goole in england. option 
				1 of the poll above clearly illustrates it is quite often to 
				find someone belonging to this group of internet users.

possibility no. 3: he/she is making a spelling mistake
              or typing error.
 
              	but what if you enter goole.com instead of goole into
				wikipedia,
				answers.com 
				or
				thefreedictionary.com? 
				something interesting happens. they all return the meaning of 
				goole.com as google! therefore, if an internet user is making a 
				spelling mistake or typing error when typing the word goole or 
				the website name goole.com, it is strongly believed that google 
				or google.com is what they are actually looking for. option 2
              of the poll above illustrates how often you can find someone 
				belonging to this group of internet users.


possibility no. 4: he/she is looking for goole with a
              domain extension other than goole.com
some examples of
              other domain extensions are goole.net, goole.org, goole.info,
              goole.biz, goole.co.uk, goole.ca, goole.tv, goole.us, goole.mobi
              etc.
goole.net
history: 
				
				sep 22, 2002, 
				
				apr 23, 2003, 
				
				jul 08, 2004 , 
				
				jul 07, 2005, 
				
				oct 01, 2007, 
				
				jul 25, 2008, now


goole.org 
              history: 
				
				nov 29, 2002,
				
				oct 05, 2003,
				
				aug 28, 2004,
				
				mar 06, 2005,
				
				feb 12, 2006, now
 
              goole.co.uk 
              history: 
				
				apr 01, 2001,
				
				jun 22, 2004,
				
				may 19, 2005,
				
				jun 21, 2008,
				now 
 
              goole.ca 
              history: 
				
				sep 22, 2002, now

goole.biz 
              history: now (no 
				earlier history is available for http://www.goole.biz)

goole.info 
              history: now (no 
				earlier history is available for http://www.goole.info)

goole.us
history: 
				
				jan 15, 2007 , 
				
				may 21, 2008, now

goole.tv 
              history: now (no 
				earlier history is available for http://www.goole.tv)

goole.mobi 
              history: now (no 
				earlier history is available for http://www.goole.mobi)
 
              by looking at the current and earlier designs of all of the above 
				domain extensions of goole, it is submitted as a personal 
				opinion that it is highly unlikely that an internet user will 
				search for any of them. in other words,
              possibility no. 4 will not really happen.


conclusion:

only possibility no. 2 and 3 are applicable to internet
              users who visited goole.com. 
possibility no. 2
              is represented by option 1 of the poll above: i typed correctly in
              a search box and found this web page. i typed 'goole' or
              'goole.com' and was actually looking for goole.com. this group of
              internet users knows the exact meaning of goole and is trying to 
				find some information about the town of goole in england.
possibility no. 3
              is represented by option 2 of the poll above: i typed wrongly in a
              search box and found this web page. i typed 'goole' or 'goole.com'
              but was actually looking for google.com. this group of internet
              users has spelled or typed google or google.com wrongly as goole
              or goole.com respectively.
 
              in summary, anyone who visits goole.com is either trying to search 
				for information on the town of goole in england or visit google.




 
          
copyright © 2008. all rights
reserved.


 
         
        




improve your touch typing skills with a multilingual touch typing tutor

your success in the contemporary world often requires the 
				knowledge of more than one language. how to reach the goal and 
				not to make mistakes? a touch typing tutor software is the 
				answer...








 









typing lessons for kids
typing lessons aim for 
				three things, speed, discipline and accuracy. kids naturally 
				have the speed, but discipline and accuracy are not something 
				that they like very much.







 









how to improve your typing skills using typing tests online?

typing tests online is one of the great ways to measure your 
				typing skill in terms of speed and accuracy. with current 
				computer technology and internet, we are able to take typing 
				test online, and the best part is, many of these tests are 
				provided free! thanks to the internet technology.








 









learn how to type. and teach your kids, too!

improve your typing skills through a series of easy lessons! 
				learning how to type properly without looking at the keyboard is 
				simple. rapid typing tutor makes keyboard training fun and 
				entertaining, and does not cost you a dime.








 









kids typing practice - is there a short cut?

there is no doubt that typing has become an important skill to 
				learn in view of the frequent use of computer in our daily 
				lives.







 








the top 5 free typing test sites of 2008

well if you are just like the rest of us who are making sure to 
				spend every dime as an investment, we get pretty picky about it. 
				especially when you thought that jobs don't come with the cost, 
				or do they? there are some sites that require that you a pay 
				small fee in order to take their typing test.





get the google news for your search terms - 175x340 widget and many other great free widgets at widgetbox! 





