

the realm of the fae






 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close



 
 

 unimplemented isml tag: type= 

 
 
  people have visited my site since july 28, 1999.
 
 
  welcome to the realm of the fae!
to journey through the realm, select the banner or fae type you'd like
to learn more about (unless you'd like to learn about the prolifigate 
earth fae, who had to be broken into two seperate sections which have
their own links below).  we hope you enjoy your journey and come back
again.
 
 



 

 
 to all fae bearing winged, air is the element of choice.  every
 storm and breath of wind is their work, from the tiniest puff to the
 most terrifying gale.  they often take the shapes of birds, 
or incorporate aspects of their design into their human forms 
and are particularly fond of birds' wings.  many speak the 
language of birds and sometimes teaching human speech to the birds.
air is a creative force, resulting in their intellectual versitily 
of air faeries, who work to stimulate inspiration and creativity.

fae who fly are the most evolved of the fae, having 
incorporating all aspects of the four elements.  wings are 
symbolic of air, legs of earth, their shimmering qualities 
of fire, and a shape shifting aspect represents water's fluidity.  
added to these four, is the fifth magical element, moonlight.

in this section you will find:  slyphs, trows, phooka and fachan.


 
 





the element of famed faery circles; earth fae are 
the spiritual force of nature.  residing deep in the earth, 
they can be found in barrows, rocks, roots, caves, caves, 
quarries and mine shafts.
earth fae work in and maintain the physical structure of the earth.
because of their close relationship to metals and woods,
the craftsmanship of earth faeries usually far supercedes that of humans.

 i have divided the earth fae into two groups.  forest fae and mountain fae.
among the forest fae you will find:  pixies, leprechauns, brownies, gnomes, will'o'wisps, the green man, bally bogs and boggarts.
within the mountain fae reside:  goblins, spriggans, dwarfs and trolls.





the earth fae

 the forest fae
 the mountain fae


 
 


 


 
 running water is a favorite haunt of faery kind.  
indeed, crossing through or over running water is a 
method by which their realm may be reached.  be 
warned that the size of the body of water is of 
little concern to the fae.  oceans, lakes, rivers, 
springs and pools are as likely as teardrops and 
raindrops to harbor faeries.
water faeries heal and purify the earth. their presence
is typically communicated to humans through dreams.
those calling the element of water home are:  undines, mermaids, selkies, the fir darrig, beansidhe, leanan sidhe, and kelpies.













 instilled with magical properties by many societies, 
fire is a natural element to assign faery phenomena.  
pagan holy days such as midsummer's eve and samain were 
renowned for fairy attentions, as they gathered around 
ceremonial flames.  hearths, in particular, served as 
homes for numerous types of faeries.  bringing wealth 
and gifts to their masters, they are excellent workers in 
farmyards, workshops, kennels, or stables.  should you be 
so lucky as to have one residing in your home, take care 
to provide prompt and proper gratitude.  fire spirits 
reflect the volatile nature of their element and can 
become quite hostile when they feel slighted.
harbored by the element of fire:  salamanders and drakes.



 
 
please visit here for a catalog of our credits!.
 
if you have any questions or comments about this page, please send an email to:  aelora.
 
go here to see one of my awards you
may qualify to win.

please check here to see the awards we have won.

an index of the fairy tales on this site is located here.



[ 
                          sign my guestbook ] - [ read my
                          guestbook
]
                          [ guestbook by theguestbook.com ]
                          



























