


 







hinkley - lighting and ceiling fans - fans



















































    the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    




 



we use cookies to make your experience better.
to comply with the new e-privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
learn more.                


allow cookies






 

















live chat
contact us


find a showroom
subscribe


 















                        atlantis 1648sk-led

                        
                            medium wall mount lantern
                        


                                 $419.00
                            










                        filmore 5163cm

                        
                            three lights vanity
                        


                                 $339.00
                            










                        somerset 3407hb

                        
                            medium pendant
                        


                                 $319.00
                            










                        hardy island path light 16012mz-ll

                        
                            12v round side mount led path light
                        


                                 $195.00
                            










                        vantage 902466fmm-lwd

                        
                            vantage 66" led smart fan
                        


                                 $679.00
                            










                        sawyer 902928fmm-lwd

                        
                            sawyer 36" with 28" led smart fandelier
                        


                                 $1339.00
                            




















pendants in indoor











transitional style











republic in outdoor











fans


 


categories



outlet




landscape




fans




lark


 







favorites        







            create an account        





menu





products




new products


featured collections


lisa mcdennon 


lumiglo 


coastal elements 


estate




hinkley hospitality












interior lighting

hanging
ceiling
wall mount
bath
shades and accessories







outdoor lighting

wall mount
ceiling
hanging
post mount
pier mounts
post and pier accessories







landscape

path
accent
deck and patio
bulbs
power supplies and accessories







fans

indoor
outdoor
light kits and accessories
controls














style







industrial





coastal









rustic





craftsman









traditional





modern









transitional





mid-century modern









bohemian





scandinavian









glam




view all







where to buy

buy local
buy online




for professionals

showroom
landscape
hospitality
shop>hinkley



clearance























                    home                


fans



 








fans
breeze into cool, comfortable stylepowerful performance, distinctive design, the coolest technology – hinkley ceiling fans have it all. whether you’re looking to spruce up your space inside or out, our wide selection of breezy beauties brings functional style every time. spin through our favorite silhouettes and sit back and enjoy the fresh air.fans
breeze into cool, comfortable stylepowerful performance, distinctive design, the coolest technology – hinkley ceiling fans have it all. whether you’re looking to spruce up your space inside or out, our wide selection of breezy beauties brings functional style every time. spin through our favorite silhouettes and sit back and enjoy the fresh air.indooroutdoorfandelierscontrolshinkleythe efficient way to make your space smarterhinkley home 
automation appceiling fan controlfan faqslearn the ins + outs of all your fan questions
installationcontrolsdesign noteskey characteristicswarrantyq. how do i prevent wobbling?
this is by far the most common concern, and ensuring there are tight and secure screw and hardware connections is key: from the blades to the downrods and junction box, tight = right!
 if this doesn’t fix the issue – use the balance kit included with your fan to adjust as needed. 

q. how many types of fan motors are there?
there are two types of motors...
ac - also known as a spinner motor fan.
dc - use up to 70% less energy than an ac motor fan.
they run cooler and quieter for longer life!q. will my hinkley fan sync with any current smart devices?
every hinkley model can be a smart fan. dc motor fans are smart out of the box, while ac motor fans require the purchase of an accessory smart control. the receiver is located in the canopy, which allows for easy access. 

hinkley fans can be operated through smart devices such as google, alexa and siri using controls containing bond app capabilities.
each and every fan model has smart control capabilities, either with the included control or an accessory control.


q. how to factory reset a dc motor (980013/980003) when paired to the wrong transmitter?
step 1: turn main power off to all fans.
step 2: turn main power on only for the fan needing code correction.
step 3: press and hold "0" button on remote (or wall control set button) for 20 seconds
(within 60 seconds of power being turned on). fan should begin moving.
‐ light kit should double blink twice. two double blinks indicates successful factory reset.
‐ if light kit only double blinks once it is just pairing & not resetting.
note: fan control is now in "universal" mode. in universal mode the receiver will talk to any/all controls until paired with one specific one. 
complete the remaining steps to pair to a single control.
step 4: turn the main power off again for 10 seconds.
step 5: turn main power back on only for the fan being paired/code corrected.
step 6: press and hold "0" button on remote (or wall control set button) for 5 seconds
or until light first blinks (within 60 seconds of the power being turned on).
now the fan should be coded to the correct transmitter only.

q. where can i find more information on the hiro control?


q. how do i control a hinkley fan with the hinkley home automation app?
simply connect your smart fans to the app and customize your experience via your smartphone, tablet, or voice-controlled devices. once connected, you can adjust your fan settings at the touch of a button – anytime, anywhere:
turn the light on & off, switch the fan direction, and change the wind speed and light brightness on a slidable scale. 
pair multiple smart fans together and control them all at once. 
easily set schedules, timers, and preferences.
toggle between normal airflow speeds and varying airflow speeds with breeze modes.
easily share access to fan controls with family members or house guests.

q. having trouble pairing your hiro remote to your hinkley fan?

q. can i customize my hinkley fan?
fans are cool because you can customize both aesthetic and operational elements. if you are the kind of person who rearranges your furniture and swaps out throw pillows seasonally, look for fans with reversible blades. if creating a connected home is at the top of your to-do list, check out the many options for controls.
check out the hinkley home automation app. all hinkley dc motor fans are smart out of the box, while ac motor fans require the purchase of an accessory smart control.

q. what are the different ways i can install/use the hiro control?
hiro puts the comfort of control in your hands with multiple applications. with the face plate, wall cradle, decorative style face plate, and remote transmitter, hiro mounts on the wall without needing an electrician or additional wiring. hiro is compatible with any decorator-style face plate and is easily retrofitted into any gang/receptacle location. it can also be used as a traditional handheld remote without mounting it to the wall at all. choose which one works best for your lifestyle!

q. can hinkley outdoor fans also be used inside?
 yes! an outdoor fan that is damp or wet rated can be used indoors. however, an indoor fan that is not damp or wet rated cannot be used outdoors.q. what is cfm & how can i better achieve optimum airflow?
cfm is the magic acronym needed to achieve the optimum airflow output of a fan. it also calculates the operating cost and energy expenditure of your fan.
the volume of airflow, measured in cubic feet per minute. if you want great airflow, look for a fan with a cfm rating of 5,000 or higher.
cubic feet per minute, or cfm, represents a fan’s ability to move air. the higher the cfm, the greater the ability to move air throughout the space. if you want greater airflow, look for a fan with a cfm rating of 5,000 or higher.

q. what are summer and winter mode?
summer mode: pushes air down from the ceiling to create a wind-chill effect. fans do not change the temperature in the room, they change the comfort level.
winter mode: pulls air up to the fan and circulates it along the ceiling and down the walls to redistribute the warm air that hovers around the ceiling. when utilized regularly winter mode will allow for a savings in heating costs. you can control reversing from a reverse switch on the fan, the hiro control, or the hinkley home automation app.
you can control reversing from a reverse switch on the fan, the wall control, remote control, or the app.

q. are hinkley fans rated for various outdoor applications?
many fans in our line are wet and damp rated. damp rated fans must be covered in some way by a roof, canopy or awning and should not have direct contact with rain or sunlight. any outdoor fan can operate in an interior application.

q. how many hiro controls will work together on the same fan? 
up to 3 hiro controls will work together on the same fan, meaning you can always have access to fan controls within reach.q. what is the warranty for all hinkley fans:
limited lifetime on the fan motor

5-year warranty on the led components
1-year on remaining parts
catch major air with these breezy beautieschetneoconcurdraftsmanexplore all new fans
 


















 


                                                    fans                                            



 













our story
the hinkley legacy, family-owned since 1922




find a showroom
locate a lighting showroom closest to you




customer support
connect with our in-house customer support team







sign up for our mailing list:






sign up








buy local
catalog and media
replacement parts
product registration
warranty
hinkley home app


live chat
contact us
careers
hinkley news
employees
myhinkley login
hinkley rewards


our story
fredrick ramond
ceiling fans
landscape
hospitality
blog




follow hinkley







#hinkleystyle





hinkley, inc.
33000 pin oak parkway  avon lake, ohio 44012p (440) 653-5500f (440) 653-5555customercare@hinkley.com

1(800)446‑5539




policy
copyright © 2024 hinkley, inc.


 
 









hinkley lighting and fans: our mission is to provide consumers with exceptional lighting and ceiling fan products that are superior in design and quality
be the first
subscribe to our mailing list for updates about new products, décor trends and designer collaborations. we won't flood your inbox, we promise.



email address








submit





sending...










don't show this pop up again








 

