 


soundtrackcollector - the movie soundtrack database






























 home
 explore movies
 explore composers
 resource directory
 forums
 contact us
 about us






search on:

title
            soundtrack
            composer
            label number
            track
        
         for 
        
  






news at soundtrackcollector


 
guido & maurizio de angelis' switch                        


                                                            7-feb-2025 - beat records company and cabum edizioni musicali are glad to present the original motion picture soundtrack of pandemonio–switch, a movie directed by giuseppe colizzi in 1978 featuring a soundtrack composed by guido & maurizio de angelis. an absolute unreleased score, fundamental if you want to have a better musical overview dedicated to the two popular brothers, finally available in cd featuring a 12 pages booklet, liner notes by francesco piccardo and simone pellecchia, english edit by johanna holroyd, mastering by enrico de gemini, graphic layout by daniele de gemini. for more info and ordering, visit beat records.





 
john williams' the patriot                        


                                                            21-jan-2025 - intrada announces a 25th-anniversary edition of john williams' oscar-nominated score to the 2000 columbia pictures/centropolis film the patriot. throughout williams' long and treasured career he had developed a fresh, americana voice, first coming to the fore in his 1969 score to the reivers, then furthered a few years later with the cowboys and quite powerfully in an unexpected place—-the smallville sequences of superman. it was a style that he would return to periodically and the patriot provided a showcase for this style. the score involves three principal themes that correspond to protagonist martin’s past, present, and future—the war trauma theme, the love theme and the patriot theme. as the themes weave throughout the score, williams' beloved epic style is on full display, as well as exciting action music. it's all here in this lengthy and powerful work. for more info and ordering, visit intrada records.




short news




8-feb - ennio morricone's cuore di mamma



14-jan - piero piccioni's playgirl 70



14-jan - riz ortolani's confessione di un commissario di polizia al procuratore della repubblica



2-jan - john barry's séance on a wet afternoon



2-jan - ennio morricone's the thing






12-dec - celebrating henry mancini at 100



3-dec - debbie wiseman's wolf hall: the mirror and the light



2-dec - jacob shea/laurentia editha's asia



22-nov - maurice jarre's resurrection



20-nov - john williams/don davis' jurassic park iii






 view all news items







 
ennio morricone's tre colonne in cronaca                        


                                                            14-jan-2025 - quartet records, in collaboration with gdm and finross, presents a remastered reissue of the expanded edition of tre colonne in cronaca, one of the great ennio morricone efforts of the early ’90s for the film of carlo vanzina. the album of tre colonne in cronaca was released in 1990 on lp and cd in a short program of less than 30 minutes. in 2002, gdm cd club released an expanded limited edition, supervised by the composer, and produced by dániel winkler and claudio fuiano, containing all the music recorded for the film and it quickly sold out. this is a reissue of the same program, revised and mastered by chris malone. for more info and ordering, visit quartet records.





 
                            john barry: the polydor years                        


                                                            1-jan-2025 - quartet records, in collaboration with universal music enterprises, presents a 3-cd box set, john barry: the polydor years, consisting of the three legendary albums that john barry recorded for polydor records between 1972 and 1976, as well as some singles and curiosities. these beautifully designed albums contain some of the composer’s best-known themes, newly arranged and performed, and—in the case of americans—an original musical work for jazz soloists and orchestra. ahead of his first public appearance conducting a symphony concert in october 1972, john barry prepared a series of suites from some of his most successful triumphs, in a lavish and new symphonic orchestration, specially arranged to be performed by the royal philharmonic orchestra under his baton. 

 read more...




 
danny elfman's edward scissorhands                        


                                                            1-jan-2025 - waxwork records is excited to present this deluxe release of tim burton's edward scissorhands. the soundtrack by four-time oscar nominated composer danny elfman is a fairytale-esque composition of beautiful choral arrangements over orchestral melodies. with each track, the tale of edward and kim unfolds through whimsical strings and sprawling vocal lines. this special album features "snow dance" colored vinyl (ice blue and snow white swirl with,purple splatter), new artwork by ruiz burgos, deluxe packaging, heavyweight gatefold jackets with satin coating, an 11”x11” art print insert, and re-mastered audio for vinyl from the original master. for more info and ordering, visit waxwork records.
 





 
john barry's out of africa                        


                                                            2-dec-2024 - intrada announces an expanded edition of what is regarded as one of john barry's finest: the oscar-winning music to the 1985 universal pictures film out of africa. the lengthy film is sparsely scored, especially considering the expansive nature of the film and beautiful scenery. the 37-minute score is just all the more powerful when it does appear, including the spectacular "flight over africa" sequence. included in this release are themes and ideas not present on the original mca album, premiering some true barry gems. after the regular scoring sessions were completed, barry had one last pickup session to record two additional alternate cues. barry also supervised the traditional african piece and the other source cues. for more info and ordering, visit intrada records.





 



                                                            1-dec-2024 - 





 
bernardo bonezzi's ¿qué he hecho yo para merecer esto?                        


                                                            21-nov-2024 - quartet records, in collaboration with el deseo, celebrates the 40th anniversary of pedro almodóvar’s iconic classic film ¿qué he hecho yo para merecer esto? (aka what have i done to deserve this?), one of his most celebrated and beloved films, with the premiere edition of the original soundtrack composed by bernardo bonezzi for the film. bonezzi’s score is surprisingly mature and sensitive, with a neorealist-inspired waltz as the main theme, dramatic music for string orchestra, echoes of jazz and blues, and the piece “la soledad de gloria,” which has remained one of the most representative themes of all almodóvar’s filmography. the score is available on cd and lp. for more info and ordering, visit quartet records.





 
jerry goldsmiths' islands in the stream                        


                                                            18-nov-2024 - intrada records presents a newly mastered and edited edition of the original soundtrack to the 1977 paramount pictures film islands in the stream. the score was of such personal importance to jerry goldsmith that he approached intrada in 1986, just a year after it had been formed and a few months after the release of his latest score, poltergeist ii, to seek the label's interest in creating a new recording of the score in hungary. intrada jumped at the chance.the score is beautiful, deeply emotional and introspective, and at times simply thrilling. the brilliant recording has been in the catalog continuously since it was released in the late '80s. for more info and ordering, visit intrada records.





 
basil poledouris' robocop 3                        


                                                            15-nov-2024 - varèse sarabande presents basil poledouris’ robocop 3: the deluxe edition, available on vinyl for the first time as a 2-lp gatefold vinyl set. director paul verhoeven’s original robocop film featured one of basil poledouris’ most iconic scores. in 1993, he was recruited to bring his signature sound back for robocop 3, which finds detroit's cyborg crime-fighter hitting the streets to protect the innocent, this time from corporate greed. laced with a sardonic sense of humor and packed with action scenes coming at a deliberate clip, robocop 3 is a campy sci-fi adventure, highlighted by poledouris’ one-of-a-kind sonic touch. for more info and ordering, visit varèse sarabande.





 
alberto iglesias' the room next door                        


                                                            18-oct-2024 - quartet records, in collaboration with el deseo, present the soundtrack album the room next door from the highly anticipated new collaboration between academy award-winning director pedro almodóvar and renowned four-time academy award-nominated composer alberto iglesias, their fourteenth film together, following thirty years of intense collaboration and worldwide success with such films as all about my mother, talk to her and pain and glory. loyal collaborator alberto iglesias has written one of his most intense, emotional and moving large-scale orchestral scores. it is a second skin for the emotions of the characters - subtle, delicate and elegant. the music was recorded at air studios in london under the composer’s baton. for more info and ordering, visit quartet records.





 
carter burwell's fear                        


                                                            16-oct-2024 - intrada announces the premiere release of a long-sought after carter burwell score: the 1996 universal pictures thriller fear. the film is a psychological thriller centered on the intense and tumultuous relationship between a teenage girl, nicole, and a charismatic but dangerous young man, david.the film opens with a sweeping flyover of seattle and here burwell introduces his main theme underscored by pounding taiko drums. the score is moody and unsettling, slowly insinuating itself into the drama behind the scenes much as david integrates himself (or tries to) into the family. burwell credits a lot of the power of his fear score to the orchestration and conducting of shirley walker. “it’s got a particular sound i think she takes a lot of responsibility for, like the way that the brass plays at the bottom end and the lushness of the strings,” he points out. for more info and ordering, visit intrada records.
 





 
billy strange's the sade                        


                                                            7-oct-2024 - quartet records, in collaboration with metro-goldwyn-mayer, presents the premiere complete cd release of billy strange terrific score for de sade, an ambitious 1969 american international pictures production directed by cy endfield. the film is a fictionalized biography of the world’s most famous sexual and physical pervert: marquis de sade, who was notorious for his sadistic behavior. the film stars keir dullea as the marquis, senta berger, lilli palmer and john huston. with the full support of aip’s experienced music department (and tips from industry veteran les baxter), strange created an exciting blend of symphonic pseudo-classical music juxtaposed with contemporary pop-psychedelia for the numerous extended orgy sequences. the music was recorded by the berlin symphony orchestra conducted by strange himself. on this 80-minute cd, with the music from the 8″ multitrack preserved in mint condition in the mgm vaults, the ambitious and lavish score can be heard in all its glory. for more info and ordering, visit quartet records.





 
joris hermy's zondebokken                        


                                                            5-oct-2024 - 
kronos records is proud to present the cd soundtrack for rocky grispen's 2023 hit feature film zondebokken. on the eve of the french revolution, two town officials confront the buckriders - a criminal gang who appear to ride on flying goats with the devil - but along the way they will face deceit, corruption, betrayal and finally each other. the film stars ruben ruette, mitchell spruyt and ilona dingsö. grispen entrusted the musical score to joris hermy with whom they had the pleasure to work twice before on kattenoog and gina and chantal who delivers a beautiful, dynamic soundtrack that boosts the of the series like a good score can! this gorgeous soundtrack comes in digipack format cd and is strictly limited to 200 copies and will make a great addition to your collection! for more info and ordering, visit kronos records.

 





 
mark isham's the browning version                        


                                                            25-sep-2024 - quartet records, in collaboration with paramount pictures, presents a remastered, expanded edition of mark isham’s distinguished, moving score for the browning version. the story is about an embittered, disliked teacher of greek and latin at a british school. after nearly 20 years of service, he is being forced to retire on the pretext of his health and might not even receive a pension. although director and composer mike figgis had previously written a score for the film, producer ridley scott felt that an outside voice was needed to enhance the story. mark isham, with a jazz sensibility close to figgis’, was asked to write a spare, heartfelt and highly dramatic symphonic score. celebrating the film’s 30th anniversary, this edition includes all the music recorded by mark isham for the film, including revised and alternate cues. for more info and ordering, visit quartet records. 





 
john debney's sudden death                        


                                                            23-sep-2024 - from varèse sarabande comes john debney's score for sudden death. an above-average action film, with strong action and suspense as well as an emotional element: fire marshal darren mccord (van damme) must rescue his daughter from the terrorists, even as he fights and kills their underlings - and saves a game-winning goal on the ice. peter hyams’ directorial vision has always been to score action with percussion and raw affect, not artifice. sudden death was the first of his three collaborations with john debney (followed by the relic and end of days), receiving a pulse-pounding, orchestral tour de force from the young composer. this deluxe edition expands the program to 28 tracks and 64 minutes. for more info and ordering, visit varèse sarabande.
 





 
fernando velázquez' buffalo kids                        


                                                            22-sep-2024 - quartet records, in collaboration with atresmedia música, presents the new score by renowned composer fernando velázquez for a funny and emotive animated film set in the old west, buffalo kids. the film is about two parentless irish siblings who arrive in new york city via an ocean liner and quickly find themselves on a wild, cross-country journey aboard an orphan train where they meet an extraordinary new friend who will change their lives forever. fernando velázquez provides an impressive, full-epic symphonic western score, 60 minutes of pure film music composed as in the good old days. it’s an exciting, emotional score, meticulously performed under the baton of the composer. for more info and ordering, visit quartet records.





 
jerry goldsmith's the other                        


                                                            20-sep-2024 - one of jerry goldsmith’s most unusual horror projects comes to cd in complete form courtesy varèse sarabande’s deluxe edition. the other (1972) used bucolic 1935 connecticut to tell a truly disturbing story of twin boys with dangerous supernatural powers. jerry goldsmith tackled the other amongst a string of oddball film and television projects during the changing tastes of the early ’70s. at the peak of his creative powers, he managed to combine the polar opposites of the other’s tones into a perfect unity: beautiful music for the film’s nostalgic setting and childhood intimacy (with a gorgeous main theme), and dark strains for the unspeakable horrors of the story’s revelations. for more info and ordering, visit varèse sarabande.



other news

                    29-aug-2024 - ennio morricone's la corta notte delle bambole di vetro


                    24-aug-2024 - charles fox's foul play


                    13-aug-2024 - jerry goldsmith's the haunting


                    14-jun-2024 - ennio morricone's giornata nera per l'ariete


                    4-jun-2024 - ennio morricone's cosa avete fatto a solange?


                    2-jun-2024 - guido&maurizio de angelis' il cittadino si ribella


                    17-may-2024 - ennio morricone's una pistola per ringo/il ritorno di ringo


                    16-may-2024 - richard band's the primevals


                    23-apr-2024 - james horner's uncommon valor


                    20-apr-2024 - alan silvestri's what lies beneath


                    18-apr-2024 - sylvester levay's navy seals


                    14-apr-2024 - jeff russo's ripley


                    22-mar-2024 - james horner's the lady in red


                    6-mar-2024 - jerry fielding's scorpio


                    22-feb-2024 - jerry goldsmith's inchon


                    20-feb-2024 - john barry's octopussy


                    31-jan-2024 - dave grusin's murder by death


                    30-jan-2024 - jerry fielding's the nightcomers 


                    8-jan-2024 - john debney's cutthroat island


                    19-dec-2023 - jerry goldsmith's macarthur


                    18-dec-2023 - ennio morricone's bloodline


                    16-dec-2023 - john williams' heidi/jane eyre


                    14-dec-2023 - marco beltrami's silent night


                    12-dec-2023 - john barry's  séance on a wet afternoon/katharine hepburn


                    1-dec-2023 - david newman's serenity


                    28-nov-2023 - paul sawtell/bert shefter's los marcados


                    26-nov-2023 - john williams' hook


                    27-oct-2023 - alberto iglesias' phantom songs/asalto al castillo


                    18-oct-2023 - harry manfredini's friday the 13th part 3


                    16-oct-2023 - nick glennie-smith/hans zimmer/harry gregson-williams the rock


                    13-sep-2023 - sounds of cinecittà: the silver age of italian film music 


                    1-aug-2023 - daniel pemberton's the bad guys

 view all news items 







new releases





gabriel yared

english patient, the
varese sarabande vsd00739 (28-mar-25                        )
                    







hummie mann

in cold blood
bsx digital  (3-jan-25                        )
                    







joe kraemer

v uk
buysoundtrax records bsxdg0171 (31-jan-25                        )
                    







laurie johnson

lady and the highwayman, the
dragon's domain records ddr816 (24-feb-25                        )
                    







harry sukman

private navy of sgt. o'farrell, the
dragon's domain records ddr821 (24-feb-25                        )
                    







basil poledouris

quigley down under
intrada special collection volume isc 518 (13-feb-25                        )
                    







vince guaraldi

be my valentine, charlie brown
lee mendelson film productions lm25bmv02 (17-jan-25                        )
                    







john williams

hook
at the movies shop movatm440 (25-apr-25                        )
                    







franco godi

esorciccio, l'
cf soundtracks cfs011 (8-feb-25                        )
                    







franco godi

paolo il freddo
cf soundtracks cfs011 (8-feb-25                        )
                    



more...


latest discussions


soundtrack of movie playboy: tales of erotic fantasies (1999)


song 9:12-13:08 from the movie playboy: tales of erotic fantasies (1999)


jerry goldsmith at 20th century fox (varese 2004 cd-box)


jingle from the ren & stimpy show


can anyone identify this track? been looking for this for a long time.


american ganster 


exploring the intersection of cloud computing and music: can ai revolutionize soundtrack creation?


looking for "dans la maison" by philippe rombi


 i want my old account back


1976 a star is born unreleased tracks



go to forums...


support soundtrackcollector
donate using
            

our supporters:
            bruce h. garthe,
            reginald daniel,
            film score man,
            eugene iemola,
            machiel jansen,
            thomas matkowski,
            stephen dosen,
            "wrygrass",
            bruce a. pempek,
            anthony putson,
            urs lesse,
            arne dupont,
            mark wallace,
            "serifiot",


latest reviews








john williams

stanley & iris









john barry

john barry: the polydor years









john barry

out of africa









mark isham

browning version, the









tito arevalo

mad doctor of blood island





recent additions





john williams

indiana jones and the dial of destiny
walt disney records dis-4258902                    







john williams

indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull
lucas music/concord lfl-052208-ij4                    







john williams

indiana jones and the last crusade
lucas music/concord lfl-052489-ij3                    







john williams

indiana jones and the temple of doom
lucas music/concord lfl-052384-ij2                    







danny elfman, ...

dick tracy
disney/sire/wb dis-26264                    



more...



most popular scores



                        1                    











john williams

star wars: episode v - the empire strikes back





                        2                    











john williams

star wars





                        3                    











john williams

star wars: episode vi - return of the jedi





                        4                    











jerry goldsmith

alien





                        5                    











john williams

superman





                        6                    











john williams

raiders of the lost ark





                        7                    











john williams

e.t. the extra-terrestrial





                        8                    











bernard herrmann

vertigo





                        9                    











john williams

jaws





                        10                    











miklós rózsa

ben-hur








 home
 database
 forums
 join now
 log in
 contact us
 about us



copyright 2000-2012 - c&c concept and creation, the netherlands. all rights reserved.
		


all photos and album artwork seen throughout soundtrackcollector are used only for the purpose of promotion of record companies, film music and composers respectively. these images are not used for profit. soundtrackcollector, the soundtrackcollector logo and written content are property of c&c concept and creation.













