



camp kulaqua | north florida retreat and conference center








































kulaqua  retreat centers

retreat & conference center
stillwaters lodge
river ranch



kulaqua’s  summer camp
make a  donation



we provide the opportunities. you provide the memories.
call us: 386.454.1351
















homeabout uswhat we offerupcoming eventsreservations & pricingriver ranch water parkdonatecontact uswork herevolunteer 












































<
>





camp kulaqua retreat center
welcome to our retreat & conference center!
located in north florida, this haven from the every-day is blessed with natural beauty, a variety of activities and facilities and a god-centered atmosphere.
our retreat and conference center offers everything from:
      ●  lodge-style rooms to rustic cabins
      ●  elegant banquets to outdoor cookouts 
      ●  cozy seminar rooms to spacious meeting facilities 
      ●  leisurely horseback rides to adrenaline-filled zip lining 
      ●  and so much more! 
it's the perfect venue for:
 
      ● christian events
● meetings & conferences
      ● school field trips
● youth groups
      ● couples' retreats
● men's conventions
      ● family reunions
● women's retreats
      ● outdoor camping
● company events
with our overnight housing, meeting facilities, meal services, and exciting activities such as an on-site natural spring, exotic zoo and water park, you are sure to leave our retreat center feeling restored and refreshed!
                 come!                         grow!                         experience! 

























<
>





what's new?





april 12th - celebrating 70 years!
camp kulaqua is celebrating 70 years of ministry! in 1953, land was purchased and the vision of camp began.









may 20th - affordable, beautiful & comfortable? indeed!
our newest lodging is the perfect combination of beauty and comfort.
















get in touch
23400 nw 212 ave. | high springs, fl 32643 
phone: 386.454.1351








subscribe to our newsletter



click on the button below to subscribe to our newsletter.

subscribe









site map

camp kulaqua retreat centerkulaqua's summer campdonate 










copyright © 2025 camp kulaqua - camp & retreat centercamp website by dvs camp websites


vimeo
facebook
blog

camp kulaqua retreat center




















































