flatstats - horse racing systems, stats and ratings
































flatstats menu





popular

tip recorder
laying tip recorder
nap of the day
racing system builder
backing alerts
archie stats
ratings
daily systems
my bets



systems




systems resources

racing system builder
laying system builder
systems search


backing systems

my backing alerts
subscriber backing alerts
everyone backing alerts
free backing alerts


laying systems

my laying alerts
subscriber laying alerts
everyone laying alerts
free laying alerts


alerts info

analyser / manager
lay alerts analyser
alerts results
lay alerts results






stats




name stats

horse
jockey
owners
sire
trainer
dam's sire
breeder
trainer & jockey
trainer second string


advanced stats

draw bias
favourite stats
race profiling
ratio tables
starting price
stats tables
archie stats
archie stats list


misc stats

course stats and info
first time in handicap
odds on favourites
placepot analysis
polytrack sires
soft ground jockeys
small field jockeys
popular jockeys


charts

favourites charts
outsiders charts
racing data charts
gender charts






ratings

today's ratings
free ratings sample
ratings extra
ratings guide
ratings articles



daily info




daily racing tips

tip recorder
laying tip recorder
nap of the day
horse system bets
best value favourites
best value jockeys
draw biases


daily racing info

a-z runners and riders
betfair exchange info
non runners
pareto list
today's racecards
tomorrow's racecards
old style racecards
trainer form
trainer form v3
trainer and course zones
wisdom of crowd market index
hhi


daily racing stats

change in trainer
first run since gelded
first time out horses
last time out winners
racing stats
racing stats extra
quick returning


misc stats

csf calculator
ratings extra 2
ratings csv downloads
runner form






racing info




flatstats resources

flatstats blog
stats guide
systems guides
racecourse information


racing resources

bha racing updates
bha stewards report
at the races
racing uk


racing charities

new beginnings
racehorse relief
racing welfare


betting info

racing post live
tote live pools
tote sport radio
william hill radio
nhs gambling help
begambleaware
gamcare






support

user guide
site search
user feedback
site map
site status
site change log

about flatstats
privacy policy
contact flatstats



forum







9:12


login 









search flatstats



enter a word or phrase in the box to search the whole flatstats site. the search page will return all matches from our racing database (trainers, jockeys, sires), postings in our forum, and racing articles in our blog


popular searches
draw bias statsforecast calculatorgeldingstoday's runnersbetfairfavourites tables





racing updates



3 changes todayview allnrrosenpur(ger)1:22 lingfield9:12 sunnrparkland(ire)3:52 lingfield8:29 sunrccards available1 meeting | 9 races | 80 horses23:27 fri 



subscriber menu




settings
my account
logout





flatstats subscriber login



enter your flatstats subscriber details in order to access the site


username




password
forgot password?






remember me

login




not yet a subscriber?
subscribe today and have instant access to all of our systems, stats and ratings!
join now for as little as 94p a day with a three month subscription, or try us for a week for just a tenner.
join now



















flatstats
founded 1st march 2000
providing systems, stats and ratings for horse racing for over 20 years
read our story!






racing system builder
superfast - superinformative
our flat turf system builder is fast and comprehensive
racing system builder






three month special offer
get flatstats for just a pound a day!
special offer: three months of flatstats system, stats, and ratings for £93
join now!






outsider hunting!
bagging big prices
why we go outsider hunting on the all weather in the autumn
outsider hunting






first run since gelded
will they go faster or go slower?
view sire and trainer stats for horses having their first run since gelded
first run since gelded






horse racing ratings
great for finding backs or lays
based on 'value' stats rather than beaten lengths, or time our ratings are unique
flatstats ratings






odds-on favourites
fool's gold or gold mine?
view stats for the shortest priced favourites
odds-on favourites






non runners
no shows
view information on today's non runners including reduction factors
today's non runners






previous



next





site resources





systems





stats





ratings





charts





blog





forum







systems

                  test your own systems with our comprehensive and fast online racing system builder.
                

create and test systems quick and easily
save systems into your own portfolio
be alerted when there are runners for the system!


		  the flatstats racing system builder (and the laying system builder) is the most fastest and comprehensive tool for analysing systems. in seconds you can see the results of backing tens of thousands of horses using over a thousand different system filters. our reports are easy to read and we have tools that can help identify the best and worst performing systems.
                









stats

                  we have millions of stats on jockeys, trainers, and sires as well as more exclusive stats such as:
                

breeder stats
race profile stats
owner and jockey combination stats
trainer second string stats


                  no other site offers as many racing stats and displays them as fast as flatstats. the stats can be shown in a basic or an advanced format where statistical techniques are used to filter out low sample, or low impact stats.
                









ratings

                  our ratings are not based on weight or form so this gives us an edge over other punters. the ratings are:
                

easy to read and in full colour
based on 'value' stats right at the core
useful for backing or laying


                  our horse racing ratings are unique in that they are based on value stats and thus often find value bets. you can use the ratings to find bets for backing, and bets for laying.
                









charts

                  a picture is worth a thousand words and so it is with tables of stats.
                

                  we use charts extensively on the flatstats site. this allows you to quickly spot trends and standout figures such as
                

peaks and troughs in trainer form
price biases
seasonal stats


                  we also have charts for general racing information such as charts showing the change in number of female jockeys over the years, and charts for different horse genders. some of our more exotic charts use techniques such as bollinger bands to further help system analysis.
                









racing blog

                  writing about racing for over 20 years.
                

                  our blog section has over a hundred articles on racing and betting including:
                

trainer, jockeys and sires to follow
key race analysis such as the derby, the lincoln, and royal ascot
exotic bets strategies


                  some of the articles are over 20 years old! but many are still valid today. we also write about new innovations and lead the way with new betting techniques and theories.
                









racing forum

                  dedicated to systems and stats
                

                  our lively racing forum is totally dedicated to racing systems and stats but you will also find discussions on
                

pedigree and breeding analysis
trainer form
geek talk such as data analysis


                  most of the forum is open for viewing but some sections do require (free) forum registration. there is also a dedicated section for full flatstats subscribers only.
                












racing blog
recent posts from our racing systems and stats blog





18th october 2024

colts in 4yo+ long distance handicaps
revisiting an all weather system that is still profitable after more than twenty years
read more




05th may 2023

extreme draw biases
finding extreme draw biases and exploiting them by playing exotic bets such as forecasts and tricasts
read more




15th september 2022

100.0+ winning tips
analysing the performance of horses tipped up at big prices. horses tipped at 100+ at betfair sp
read more










frequently asked questions

                the flatstats site is huge! and has many resources for systems, stats and ratings. here are some common questions we are asked.
              






                    do you offer a free trial?
                  



                    we have a 7 day trial that costs just £10. this will give you access to the majority of the site and allow you to test the main features. please note that whilst there is no 'free trial' as such we will honour a 100% money back guarantee if you are not satisfied after 7 days.
                  






                    is a subscription automatically recurring?
                  



                    unlike other sites we do not set up a recurring subscription which requires the customer to cancel if they wish to leave. we prefer to let the customer choose to renew or not if they wish. at the end of your subscription you can either let your subscription lapse or click the renew the option and resubscribe in your own time.
                  






                    do you provide a similar service for jumps racing?
                  



                    we only cover british flat turf and all weather racing. there are no plans for a jumpstats site.
                  






                    i am no good with stats, can i just have some tips via email?
                  




                    we are not primarily a tipping site so we do not send out email tips. however, there are various sections of the site that you can use as tips if you wish. first there is the daily systems page which usually shows around 3-5 selections each day in the turf season, and around 5 a week in the all weather season. non subscribers can view one free system selection each day. there is also plenty of information in the betting action section of our forum. you will need to register a free account to view these selections that are posted by flatstats subscribers.
                  






                    what kind of support to do you offer?
                  



                    all our support is online. we have a comprehensive user guide that covers all the features of the site. we also have a useful site search facility that finds answers from the user guide and from the q+a and tutorial section of our forum. you can also email us at anytime and we will respond promptly and comprehensively; answering your questions on anything connected with the flatstats site, or racing or betting in general.
                  




 






subscription costs
we are the same price today as we were 15 years ago. we are continually adding new features each year thus each year we are better and better value






7 day trial


£10

access to most of our resources *
flatstats ratings
system builder
unlimited stats
ideal for new subscribers
* some features such as archie stats, csv downloads and subscriber forum access are not available on the trial plan







one month


£37

full access to the site
flatstats ratings
system builder
unlimited stats
csv downloads of reports and our daily stats data
100% money back guarantee







three months


£93
(save £18)

same features as one month
excellent value
just one pound a day!









join today and get instant access to all our systems, stats and ratingsjoin now!
we offer a 100% money back guarantee on all subscriptions

12/1 top rated winnerbuxted toowe're highly rated!read reviews by other subscribers or leave your own review onsubscribe nowjoin today and instantly access our racing info including: backing and laying system builders unlimited stats unique horse racing ratingsall for just £37 a month or see special offerssubscribe nowracing sunday1meeting9races78runnersmeetings summarytoday's runners and riderslingfield12:52 1:22 1:52 2:22 2:52 3:22 3:52 4:22 4:52  non runners2nrs2.5%nr ratenr infolingfield (2.5%)1:22 rosenpur3:52 parklandnotebooknone today
latest articlescolts in 4yo+ long distance handicapsoctober, 2024extreme draw biases - playing the exoticsmay, 2023analysing huge priced winners tipped on flatstatsseptember, 2022











flatstats
got any racing systems or stats questions?email: 



systems

 racing system builder
 systems guide
 systems forum



stats

 draw bias stats
 odds-on favourite stats
 trainer stats



ratings

 horse ratings
 ratings results
 ratings guide









aboutcontactprivacyt&csite map


              © mainwaring systems limited 2000-2025          


















