
















mr hero | we're here for curbside, pickup, & delivery



















































sign up
















menu
locations
about us

company history
values / mission


franchising

founder’s message
contact us
faq’s
investment
world class marketing
store design
franchise support
veteran incentives


 




order online


 




i crave a
hero

                    view our menu                
















order online

            get started
            






























if it's mr. hero, you're gonna love it




the taste you crave




if it's mr. hero, you're gonna love it




the taste you crave




if it's mr. hero, you're gonna love it




the taste you crave




if it's mr. hero, you're gonna love it




the taste you crave



















                order online            
















burgers
the romanburger®, our #1 selling sandwich of all time. this delicious burger is considered by many to be the best tasting burger ever created! it’s our customers’ first and favorite choice.
 view all burgers
















steaks
the hot buttered cheesesteak™ is our #2 selling sandwich and is considered to be one of the best tasting cheesesteaks ever. it’s made with the creamiest, most delicious butter and a touch of sea salt.
 view all steaks
















chicken
the chicken philly is our #3 best selling sandwich. our chicken is made with all-natural chicken and remains a favorite at mr. hero!
 view all chicken









burgers



steaks



chicken



view full menu










newest tv spot
mr. hero’s high class and high energy commercials are captivating audiences, making them both hungry and intrigued!
 
play video










promos
at mr. hero we keep you informed of the latest and greatest as well as offering promotions throughout the year that you can’t afford to miss.












locations
				find the closest mr. hero location to you! with over 100 locations in ohio, the taste you crave is just a short drive away.			

search by my current location
 or 













		
					back to search
				
0 results

































earn points,
save money
it’s your turn to earn!
download the mr. hero app to make your eating experience an even better one.
for every $1 you spend, you get 1 point added to your account. simply hit the earn button on the app and let the cashier scan the qr code to earn points. order online through the app and automatically earn points.
once you earn enough points, redeem those points for free sandwiches and sides!
you can redeem your points in-store or when you order online through the app.




rewards
get a regular bogo offer just for signing up! you heard right, a bogo offer!!
once you download the app, you will have 3 weeks to redeem your bogo.
use the bogo offer in-store or when you order online through the app.
receive a birthday and anniversary reward, opportunities for double points and more bogo offers throughout the year.




monthly coupon offers!
every first of the month, you’ll receive new coupons in the offers tab.
trust us, these offers are worth checking out.
you can use these coupon offers in-store or when you order online through the app.
why not save money when you’re ordering your favorite menu items?































questions about our mobile app?
find answers












about mr. hero
our philosophy has always been simple; to create uncommonly good tastes that customers will remember. for almost 60 years, we’ve been doing just that! mr. hero truly is the “taste you crave.”
the romanburger® has been and is still considered to be the best-burger ever created! our classic hot buttered cheesesteak™ and chicken philly are must haves, as well as our wide variety of side items that you simply can’t find anywhere else. we recently added a new line up of super delectables that include our waffledoodles™ made with authentic belgian waffles and buds. our food is so addictive that is should come with a warning label.
mr. hero and the romanburger® have been featured in top magazines and by top chefs. taste us for yourself and see what all the crave is about!

							learn more						






we’re always being scene
“eating a romanburger® is one of the 30 best decisions you can make in cleveland."

- cleveland scene







top chefs love us!
“eating a romanburger® is my favorite food vice.”

- michael symon, world class chef







we’re a big deal!
"mr. hero is rated one of the top 25 best things about cleveland, ohio."

- the cleveland plain dealer







mr. hero is a must-have!
"the romanburger® at mr. hero is a must-have for burger fans."

- cleveland.com 














looking to franchise?
have you tried the food? once you have, you’ll know it’s impossible to compare us to the competition. there’s a whole list of reasons why we’re the best choice. pay us a visit and see firsthand what success really tastes like!

							get started today						




 





order online

            get started
            

















































get in touch



440-625-3080




7002 engle road, suite 100
middleburg heights, oh 44130





links
mobile app faq’s
gift cards
franchise portal
customer service
 

stay connected with news & offers

					sign up
				


















		© 2025 restaurant developers corp., all rights reserved.		terms of use
site design by lounge lizard worldwide












