








	alvin products































tuesday, february 18, 2025







login




















home
about us
product line
ordering
in the news
faqs
contact us
more . . .

sds & technical sheets
product packaging
application photos
international sales
downloads
distributor locator
























































celebrating our 70th anniversary





lab-metal ready-to-use repair and patching compound. aluminum-filled dent filler for thousands of repairs. "spreads like paste, hardens into metal", simply by exposure to air. 
lab-metal fills dents and flaws in metal and nonmetal parts easily and economically. apply lab-metal right from the can with a putty knife or similar tool. no two-component mixing or measuring is necessary, therefore there is no waste. heat, special tools and specialized skill are unnecessary. 
lab-metal adheres to any clean and dry metal, wood, glass, plaster, porcelain and hard plastic surface. its strong bond withstands vibration and other difficult conditions. lab-metal hardens quickly without heat, providing a durable metal surface.
powder coaters click here

application tip: lab-metal and hi-temp lab-metal harden upon exposure to air, thus the user may need to keep the applicator wet with lab-solvent in order to aid in smoothing the application (and reduce "pulling"). 









new - lab-metal "450"





similar properties to lab-metal but will air dry and withstand 450f without the need for "heat curing" unless sanding is required.
 order now









metal spot repair - jay leno's garage















heat resistant paint
















more . . .




sds & technical sheetsproduct packagingapplication photosinternational salesdownloadsdistributor locator








product line





sort by:





the template you are linking to has no template configured yet.








other oem products





sort by:





the template you are linking to has no template configured yet.












celebrating our 100th yeardampney's engineered coatings












































































alvin products
a division of dampney company
85 paris street, everett, ma 02149 
phone (800) 537-7023
fax (617) 389-0484























fairing compound |high temp epoxy |high temperature adhesive |cold galvanized paint |engine paint |dry lubricant |thermal block paste |auto body caulk |high temperature white paint brush on |high heat spray paint white |non yellowing white paint |












copyright 2025 by dampney company


login

            |
            privacy statement
            |
            terms of use






  
























