


log homes by laurentien log homes usa and canada, kits with 20 log shapes and sizes, post, beam and timber structures




















français 
        

 



 




about us



products



floor plans



exterior photos



interior photos



kits & materials



kit price lists



siding


 
siding pricelist



faq



technicals details



contact



how much does it cost? 



dealerships available


links page


 

 

laurentien log homes ltd. 

              new contact information:
819 425 7680







our 
              tradition is quality, our mission is satisfaction
laurentien log homes ltd has been producing log 
              homes in the laurentien mountains of  quebec under existing 
              management since 1974.
            we do not receive customers at our production facility. contact must first be made by tel: 819 425-7680 or email: info@loghomes.ca
beyond our 40 years of manufacturing experience, 
              we have 25 years of experience in general contracting, construction 
              and project management.
we have numerous completed projects all over north 
              america and, amongst others, japan, taiwan, israel and the caribbean 
              showing our ability to succeed and understand various cultural and 
              environmental conditions.
whether it be for a single family home or a spacious, 
              luxury model, you can count on the quality of our personnel and 
              our multiple resources: saw mill, planing mill, cabinet shop and 
              computer assisted design facilities, dry kiln and preservative application 
              facilities.
to these resources are added numerous services 
              from technical advice (if you wish to build or supervise your own 
              construction) to partial or complete installation by associated 
              building professionals.
if you dream of having a well built, solid, durable 
              log home, with exceptional charm, you can depend on us. our firm 
              is well known for its attention to detail, its dependability and 
              its integrity. choosing laurentien log homes to accomplish your 
              project is the right choice!
we are here for the long term. you can count on 
              us today to help you accomplish your project and in the future as 
              well, if needed, we will be there.
a few of the reasons 
              why you should look to laurentien log homes ltd. to serve your needs 
              
when 
              it comes to log buildings, no other company can match laurentien 
              log's unique tongue and groove interface. this strong and exacting 
              interface will provide you with a log structure built to last the 
              tests of time.
choosing the right log home supplier will play 
              an integral role in making your project a satisfying and successful 
              experience. laurentien log homes experience and integrity will ensure 
              that you have the best chance of success.
a clear and concise construction guide is continually 
              updated providing user friendly building methods and materials. 
              the faster and easier the project goes, the cheaper and better it 
              ends. we strive to make the building process as smooth as possible 
              by answering questions before they arise and by providing helpful 
              suggestions developed from years of log building experience. if 
              you are the builder yourself or you use a professional builder, 
              you will find invaluable help in this construction toolkit.
the value added products in a laurentien log kit 
              will have been researched and tested by our professionals for quality, 
              warranty, ease of installation and reliability.
our warranty is one of the best in the log home 
              industry. many companies make outrageous claims, however we pride 
              ourselves on having a 10 year warranty in which you can have confidence 
              we will be able respect. 
we  offer you almost unlimited log styles. 
              we are equipped to do custom milling if you don't find what you 
              are looking for in our more than twenty standard log styles and 
              shapes, just tell us what your needs are and we will do our best 
              to provide it.
a complete 
              range of services 

 
              we have a wealth of experience and technical knowledge ready to 
              pass on to our customers whether they be owner builders or contractors. 
            


custom plans for homes, cottages, business and 
                small industry 


construction planning according to site topography

consulting and estimating

video and construction manual for complete assembly techniques

 technical assistance for assembly

finishing products

technical advice on infrastructure and mechanical systems

complete lists of materials and sub-trades required to complete 
                a project from a to z

pre-cutting of finishing materials for overseas projects.



 
anderson industrial arts
                complete range, industrial arts services:
       machine shop,
        woodworking shop, 
        and much much more!
www.wellmade.ca
proud sponsors of 
pgs gold medalist
jaseyjaysnowboards

ici ski
backcountry skis
      alpine skis
      

 




 more photos














