














international oil spill conference


















            toggle navigation









home


about 

charter
operation
executive committee
conference faqs
iosc mailing list




registration 

registration
justification toolkit
industry leader testimonials




program 

full program
schedule at a glance
iosc opening plenary session
short courses
speaker resources 
film festival & photography contest
closing panel session
closing reception at wwii museum




housing information 

hotels




experience 

sponsor & exhibit opportunities
exhibitor resources
technical demonstrations
emerging leaders program
ask the regulators
iosc ancillary meeting request form




past conferences 

iosc 2021
proceedings













































 





the international oil spill conference (iosc) provides a vital forum for professionals from the international spill response community, private sector, government, and non-governmental organizations to come together to tackle the greatest challenges facing us with sound science, practical innovation, social engineering, global research, and imagination.
iosc 2024
monday, may 13 - thursday, may 16, 2024 | new orleans, louisiana
new orleans ernest n. morial convention center 
we’re excited to be back in person for iosc 2024 to celebrate our 25th anniversary! 
the international oil spill conference (iosc) provides a vital forum for professionals from the international response community, private sector, government, and non-governmental organizations to come together to tackle the greatest challenges facing us with sound science, practical innovation, social engineering and imagination. this conference is an ideal environment for government agencies, contractors, researchers, industry, and other stakeholders to work together toward mutual objectives through the exchange of ideas and lessons learned from actual spill responses and research around the world.
 
why attend:
celebrate the 25th anniversary of this important event to look back at how far we’ve come and continue to drive innovation in oil spill response. 
make sure your voice is heard at this international gathering of the key stakeholders in the oil spill response community. stay updated on the most innovative technological trends and regulatory issues that will drive the future of oil spill response. dedicated networking breaks will give you the opportunity to expand your professional network and connect with the nearly 2000 oil spill response professionals in attendance!
 
who you'll meet:
participants include operating managers; safety and security officers; regulators; plant managers; environment health and safety (eh&s) professionals; administrators; attorneys; environmental managers; purchasing agents; engineers; buyers; consultants; and others concerned with compliance, oil spill response, and/or cleanup. attendees generally fall into the following categories:


 oil and shipping industries
 federal, state, and local government agencies
 port organizations
 tug and salvage companies
 pollution response equipment suppliers
 community and public interest groups
 marine scientists and researchers
 environmental organizations
 response specialists






charter 



executive committee






proceedings 




permanent conference committee










































conference supporters




















triennial events
iosc is part of a triennial series of events including interspill in europe and spillcon in asia. the rotating conferences provide a platform for the sharing of oil spill preparedness and response expertise and ideas from around the globe.



 















top







quick links


proceedings
contact


privacy
terms




stay connected




#iosc2024






© copyright 2024 international oil spill conference, all rights reserved.












