




	parkland health | parkland health
























skip to main content
skip to main menu
skip to footer














 information regarding a parkland data breach involving patients at the dallas county jail.





english
español



contact us
careers
support parkland
mychart
vendors
price transparency


search













our system
our historyour leadership teamboard of managersparkland strategic planreports & disclosuresnews & updatesmedia contactsparkland in the communitygovernment relationssustainability at parklandlocationscontact us

patients & visitors
our campusget carepatient resourcesspecialty servicespatient's rightssocial workspiritual careparkland researchpharmacypolice departmentvisitor policy

health information
access to care & coverage programasthma in childrenbehavioral healthcancerfludiabeteshypertensionsexual healthbetter health to your health

get involved
careers at parklandsupport parklandcommunity health fairsvolunteersstudent programsparkland in your communityvendors

medical professionals
biotelcenter of innovation and valueeducationemployee screening surveynursing at parklandresearch administrationspecialty clinic referral guidelines






welcome to parkland hospital







your browser does not support the video tag.



care.
compassion.
community.
health starts here
for you and your family.
get care






































parkland features


    get care
 
    mychart

    find a location

    pay your bill

    financial services

    careers





caring for dallas county since 1894
as our community’s public health system, parkland is the foundation for a healthy dallas.  that’s why we ask ourselves every day, how can we better serve our patients?
 as parkland adds more services into the neighborhoods that need us most, we know that how we treat each and every patient affects the health and well-being of our entire community.  





a healthy community
parkland offers preventive health screenings and education in our community. find a healthcare pop-up near you.
learn more




our specialty care
at parkland, providing safe, high-quality care for all our patients is at the heart of everything we do.
learn more






patient care is more than our job.  it is our passion.




healthcare in the heart of dallas
parkland is committed to the health and well-being of every patient. as a public health system, our team of experts provide care through compassion, care and comfort at our state-of-the-art facility. each medical professional you encounter specializes in a key part of your recovery and healing process.

although our staff is the most valuable resource at parkland, you will also find comfort in the many services available to you and your loved ones. whether it’s a fresh meal from our cafe or a moment of peace in the wellness garden—each amenity at parkland was created with you in mind.




your browser does not support the video tag.






in the newsroom










feb
11

patients at parkland to receive valentine’s from nurses









feb
06

preventing cancer one grant at a time









feb
03

parkland burn educator emphasizes the importance of burn prevention









jan
27

parkland is one of the largest users of blood products in dfw









jan
21

staying healthy all season long: tips for combatting respiratory viruses









jan
14

parkland to offer free tax prep for qualifying patients and employees









jan
10

time is running out for health insurance marketplace 2025 enrollment









jan
07

the psychology behind successful new year’s resolutions 









dec
30

parkland experts urge revelers to have a plan this new year’s









dec
24

the blessing project













providing care beyond our hospital
with 16 primary care health centers and several mobile medical vans, our team of doctors and specialists offer accessible medical care wherever you live in dallas county.

our community clinics offer services including preventive care checkups, sick visits, urgent care and mental health care for you and your family.

find a clinic near you







parkland events





access to care at inspired vision compassion center
10 a.m. - 1 p.m.
join our access to care team at inspired vision compassion center, every tuesday and wednesday of the month. services include health screenings and ed...

read more




feb18







dallas tax centers' mobile tax site at parkland hospital
10 a.m. - 3 p.m.
parkland health and dallas community tax centers are providing tax help at no cost to you! eligible families and people making less than $67,000 can s...

read more




feb18







access to care at the stewpot
9 a.m. - 12 p.m.
join our access to care team at the stewpot hosted every wednesday of the month.  services include health screenings and education, but may vary:...

read more




feb19








want parkland at your event? event calendar



















stay connected





 



 
subscribe to our newsletter



contact us 

 (214) 590-8000







essential links
community relations
doing business with parkland
get a birth certificate
get my medical records
leadership
patient information tools
paying for your services
price transparency


parkland links
careers
contact us
ethics & compliance
media policy
privacy policy
price transparency
site map


affiliated organizations
parkland health foundation
pcci
north texas poison center
parkland community health plan






© 2025 parkland health 5200 harry hines blvd., dallas, tx 75235 (214) 590-8000





src language
trg lang
src text
trg text
input vote







loading...










