















nassau county da,ny | official website









 















skip to main content

























 










     





 
 












search







 
 
 




    about the office      careers      newsroom      resources      defense discovery  


 

 

 

 






 





























































  
 
 












 














employment








faqs










 
 














documents








press releases










 
 














file a complaint








community resources










 
 
 
























 







news and announcements








man pleads not guilty in deadly wrong-way crash that killed long island teens - nbc new york 

the man accused in a wrong-way crash that killed two teens on long island pleaded not guilty. amandeep singh is facing a number of charges including vehicular homicide, dwi, and leaving the scene of an accident, all stemming from a may 3 crash in jericho.		read on...




man sentenced to 50 years for deadly 2021 ny stop & shop shooting - nbc new york 

fifty years to life in prison. that's the sentence handed down to the man convicted in the deadly shooting inside a long island grocery store in 2021 that wounded three workers, one of which died.		read on...








gabriel wilson convicted of murder in 2021 shooting of stop & shop manager - cbs news new york 

a guilty verdict came down wednesday in a shooting at a long island supermarket two years ago.		read on...




up close with bill ritter: da donnelly discusses 'deepfakes' 

we also talk about "deepfakes" and fentanyl overdoses with nassau county district attorney anne donnelly.		read on...





view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 














district attorney’s office
 




262 old country road
 




mineola, new york, ny 11501
 




phone: 516-571-3800
 




contact us
 






  
 
 














legal staff employment







support staff employment







internships







investigative staff employment









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 














contact us







directions







foil requests







annual reports







court calendar









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 










     





 
 
 



 







government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









