


























colonial gardens
























































call (757) 220-8087 for assistance
check availability





menu



main menu
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
welcome
rooms

guest rooms view all

rhododendron suite
azalea suite
primrose room
library room


policies & faq’s
amenities
add on to your stay
corporate lodging
check availability
book now


specials
dining

menu
recipes
restaurants


the area
the inn

history of the inn
photo tour
policies & faq’s


find us

directions
contact us


blog
 























































































[show thumbnails]

comfortable elegance in williamsburg, virginia
 
colonial gardens offers a luxury accommodation that will delight your entire party within williamsburg’s city limits. once you arrive at our historic home you will immediately feel both comfortable and special with its causal elegance. 




 
 
 
 




[read more…]our welcoming home is central to the most popular vacation attractions. historic areas such as colonial williamsburg and the jamestown settlement are within four miles of our property. other nearby areas include the college of william and mary, the williamsburg winery and jamestown-williamsburg airport are all within two miles of our b&b. busch gardens, water country usa and the prime outlets are all within a five-minute drive.

treat yourself to some of the finest golfing in the area at the many world-class golf courses located within a few short miles from our virginia inn. several area state and local parks let you get back to nature in our beautiful state, and area museums and theaters satisfy your need for culture and entertainment.
we are a perfect location to celebrate any occasion that brings you and your family or friends to williamsburg, virginia. whether you are coming to celebrate or explore you can rest assured that you will find our luxury home accommodating.


















sorry, you need javascript on to email me.







recent posts


valentine’s day romantic getaway at colonial gardens: 
celebrate love this valentine's day with a romantic escape to our charming bed and breakfast in the heart of historic williamsburg, va. we’ve crafted the…


happening now: williamsburg restaurant week 2025: 
williamsburg’s vibrant culinary scene is in full swing with williamsburg restaurant week, running now through january 19, 2025. this eagerly anticipated annual event offers locals…















colonial gardens

1109 jamestown rd
williamsburg,  va  23185
www.colonial-gardens.com


				latitude: 37.256164  longitude: -76.730319 
				


phone: (757) 220-8087


sorry, you need javascript on to email me.

                photography by: christian giannelli


				responsive web design, marketing and hosting
				by acorn marketing
accessibility statement | view our site mapprivacy policy































