











tryon properties - equestrian properties, horse farms, luxury estates, waterfront, acreage, land, north carolina, south carolina, real estate
















































828-817-0166
bonnie@tryonproperties.com



facebook


 





facebook



 












area info

equestrian tradition
town of tryon
town of saluda
town of columbus
city of landrum


equestrian properties
land/commercial
luxury homes
meet bonnie

testimonials
submit a testimonial


contact
 


select page


  
 
 















meet bonnie lingerfelt








equestrian tradition








think fine equestrian properties and country homes








think fine equestrian properties and country homes







view properties










equestrian properties
search properties








vacant land
search properties








fine country homes
search properties









looking to sell?
i am committed to getting you the best price possible in the shortest amount of time. our extensive real estate marketing services will give your property the most focused exposure possible.
contact me







equestrian communities & luxury real estate in western north carolina carolina
 

welcome to tryonproperties.com. we’re glad you’re here. i am bonnie lingerfelt, your host, and guide to one of my favorite places on earth—the southern foothills and tryon horse country. you’re invited to an armchair tour of tryon, saluda, columbus, north carolina and neighboring landrum, south carolina.  if you’re a horse lover, you are in the right place. we invite you to take a peek at one of the country’s most sought after equestrian areas, steeped in history and tradition.  with the addition of the tryon international equestrian center, the foothills of western north carolina solidified its place as a top equestrian destination.
whether it’s a horse farm, country home, cottage or land you seek, i can help you with properties for sale in western north carolina and upstate south carolina and in particular, tryon, columbus, landrum, saluda and surrounding areas. polk county nc, rutherford county nc, spartanburg county sc, and greenville county sc offer varied lifestyles and landscapes for you to find your perfect spot. you can easily search all of our featured properties and find exactly the luxury mountain getaway, equestrian horse farm, or cozy cottage that fulfills your dream. bookmark my site and visit often. no strings attached.
looking to sell? i am committed to getting you the best price possible in the shortest amount of time. our extensive real estate marketing services will give your property the most focused exposure possible.
thank you,
bonnie lingerfeltowner/broker





contact bonnie lingerfeltnc & sc brokercoldwell banker advantage realty828-817-0166bonnie@tryonproperties.com
 










client testimonials

 







professional service

thank you for the great website listing. i just watched the video tour tonight, amazing. please thank everyone involved for the wonderful & professional job.
read more







expertise and experience

when we decided to sell our home i called bonnie lingerfelt and asked her to keep an eye out for something that would suit us. the home she showed us could not have been more perfect for our needs.
read more







a joy to work with!

i feel that i owe her a huge debt of gratitude for finding what i feel is my dream farm. overall, bonnie is consistently on top of her game.
read more





 







 

 


name*

email*

message*captchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 














 bonnie lingerfelt
coldwell banker advantage
177 north trade street
tryon, nc 28782
call or text828-817-0166 (phone)

bonnie@tryonproperties.com



 



© 2025 tryon properties
 
powered by : big boom design : blog

 
 
 



tryon properties is committed to the safety of our clients and agents amongst the growing concern around covid-19 (novel coronavirus). we are consistently monitoring updates from the cdc, state and local health authorities, nar, and state and local industry organizations, and we have implemented policies and procedures to provide an abundance of caution to all parties related to real estate transactions.
it is our fervent intent to continue providing excellent service in the face of these unusual circumstances. we remain available to help buyers and sellers find opportunity and understand options as the effects of covid-19 continue to unfold.
we hope you will take full advantage of the extensive resources available at tryonproperties.com, and we welcome the opportunity to talk with you if you have any questions.


			close			


































