
gary harbo - author & illustrator of children's books












select the interactive online book you want gary or barb to read...  (free)





click to hear this fun 
interactive counting book
with real animal sounds 

 


click and listen to this 
              silly zoo adventure 


            click to hear this fun 
              interactive counting book 
              with real animal sounds 



click  to hear how grace found the true meaning of christmas


 










click  on any item to order  autographed books 





click to hear the song 
from gary's new book

























  






artist in residence programs! 


 click to see gary in action 

about the author
 schools visited 
















gary harbo is an author and illustrator of 32 exciting books for children. 
          these are the most recent:
my new friend
bad bart's revenge
bart becomes a friend 
the great train ride
            the black hills adventure (out of print) 
            the northern woods adventure
the rocky mountain adventure 
where is my sister? 
how to draw 104 cartoons with gary harbo 
santa's secret gift 
hey little buddy, what did you see?
hey little honey, what did you see?
a to z come read with me
where are my parents?
            
i want to play a song 







don't put your trust in the world. satan is the father of lies. there is only one truth; you can receive eternal life through the one who died for our sins. trust jesus. he went to the cross for you... 


john 14:6
jesus said to him, "i am the way, the truth and the life. no one comes to the father except through me." 









gary has an online book titled "he gave us his word!", for a whole new age bracket (16 on up). it is an interesting look at the old testament and will provide amazing insights into ways to grow your faith. feel free to print off any or all of these chapters and share them with your friends.
click below to read or print any chapter

 







 
foreword:
chapter 1
the key to an unbendable faith
chapter 2
where to look?
chapter 3
what is a prophet?
chapter 4
what were the odds?
chapter 5
he would come from bethlehem
chapter 6 
he would return to his temple
chapter 7 
he would ride into jerusalem on a donkey
 

 
chapter 8 
                his life would be worth
                30 pieces of silver 
chapter 9 
                the 30 pieces of silver would be returned
chapter 10 
                he would not defend himself 

chapter 11 
                crucifixion  
chapter 12
                none of his bones would be broken

gary's recommended reading and website link list 
















"i commend my soul into the hands of god my creator, hoping and assuredly believing through the only merits of jesus christ my saviour, to be made partaker of life everlasting; and my body to the earth, whereof it is made." 
william shakespeare (1564-1616), died when he was only 52 years old.
his last will and testament revealed his faith in god: 



“whereas, it is the duty of nations as well as of men...to recognize the sublime truth, announced in the holy scriptures and proven by all history; that those nations only are blessed whose god is the lord…”
-abraham lincoln 



“the secret of my success? it is found in the bible, 'in all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy paths.'”
-george washington carver 



“the bible is the rock upon which this republic rests. ”
-andrew jackson



“it is necessary for the welfare of the nation that men's lives be based on the principles of the bible. no man, educated or uneducated, can afford to be ignorant of the bible.”
-theodore roosevelt 



“it is impossible to rightly govern the world without god and the bible. ”
-george washington



“the bible fits man for life and prepares him for death.”
            "education is useless without the bible."
          
-daniel webster  



“a man has deprived himself of the best there is in the world who has deprived himself of this knowledge of the bible.”
-woodrow wilson 



“the bible gives me a deep, comforting sense that 'things seen are temporal, and things unseen are eternal.'”
-helen keller 



“there are more sure marks of authenticity in the bible than in any profane history. i have a fundamental belief in the bible as the word of god, written by men who were inspired. i study the bible daily. ”
-sir isaac newton 



“so great is my veneration for the bible that the earlier my children begin to read it, the more confident will be my hope that they will prove useful citizens to their country and respectable members of society.”
-john quincy adams 



“we cannont read the history of our rise and development as a nation, without reckoning the place the bible has occupied in shaping the advances of the republic.”
-franklin d. roosevelt



“the more profoundly we study this wonderful book, and the more closely we observe its divine precepts, the better citizens we will become and the higher will be our destiny as a nation.”
-william mckinley



“i believe the bible is the best gift god has ever given to man.”
-abraham lincoln 














 


   graphics and text  copyright © gary harbo 1997/1998
		  no copies or use of graphics is permitted without written permission of kutie kari books
  4189 ethan drive
  eagan, minnesota 55123
  651-450-7427
  

  
http://www.garyharbo.com
 
 



  






