


castro valley real estate





















welcome 
      to castro valley 's home town website- 

mycastrovalley.com 











 

castro valley
 
 



  enter your hometown website here


 
 
brought to you by
bay area web design




thank you for stopping by castro valley

www.mycastrovalley.com 
- castro valley is a friendly, peacefulunincorporated town, 
populated by about 60 thousand people. castro valley is 

located in the heart of 
the greater bay area of northern california. nestled in a quiet valley 
surrounded by 
tree covered rolling hills, castro valley residents, 

businesses, 
and 
visitors enjoy a rural atmosphere at the hub of california's 

cultural, 
economical and 
recreational heartland. castro valley boasts such natural 
amenities as an extensively developed 
park system, swimming lagoon, 

315 acre 
lake, and a 
beautiful 18 hole golf course.

schools are top notch and the 
community is tight knit. for specific demographics and homes for sale, go to the  
castro valley real estate 
section of this site. 

learn about cv's history: 
castro valley history section


the goal of this castro valley website:
with mycastrovalley.com, 
we hope to build a community web site that is useful and informative. 
ultimately, this web site will be a 
comprehensive source for information on and 
regarding the town of castro valley. you will be able to find nearly everything 
you'd want to know about the town's 
history, 
castro valley public resources, 

clubs,  and local 

retail services. 
by the way: as word gets out about this site's existence and content submissions 
start to roll in, many changes to the site will occur as it becomes molded by 
the 
community of castro valley. if you have visited the site before, click 
"reload" or "refresh" to ensure that you're seeing the most recent information 
posted.

we are always looking for content providers: 
volunteers to submit articles, news 
and information. if you have a knack for writing and looking for an audience, 
this may be your opportunity. please e-mail us, if you are interested in joining 
our team and being "published" at mycastrovalley today!
mycastrovalley.com
a castro valley community service by:


affordable web design
bay area seo done right bay area web hosting
oakland web design

shop local - shop castro valley!
castro valley web design and hosting company.
castro valley heating - castro valley air conditioning

get flash below 



and see the 
mycastrovalley intro

castro valley, castro valley real estate, castrovalley, east bay, 
ca, www.google.com,
yahoo and msn our 
preferred search engine.
 © 1998-2012 ko websites 

    last updated 7/16/2012        castro valley









