















 


home - tial sport





































 









 




products

turbochargers
turbine housings
wastegates
blowoff valves
actuators


store locator
about us
 
























products

turbochargers
turbine housings
wastegates
blowoff valves
actuators


store locator
about us
 








turbocharger and boost control products for motorsport applications


since 1993
 
iso certified 9001:2015








premium materials.
advanced manufacturing techniques.
u.s.a.-designed, engineered, 
and manufactured
buy now from tial








tial

features




the industry standard  for over 30 years

tialsport products have been at the forefront of motorsport turbo and boost control applications, globally, for over three decades. the combination of high-quality materials, engineered and proven designs, and advanced manufacturing capability have helped to propel competitors to the winner’s circle in all aspects of racing.






advanced engineering
all tialsport products are designed and engineered by a talented team of professionals, with decades of experience and advanced capabilities.


modern production capabilities
leveraging an industry-exclusive, on-site foundry, along with an army of cnc machining centers allows tialsport to produce nearly every product completely in-house.


premium materials
from the start, we’ve pioneered the use of high-strength, high-temperature alloys for our wastegate products, and continued that policy for items such as our investment-cast stainless turbine housings. premium materials have always been standard in tialsport products






power is nothing  without control


whether you’re controlling turbine swallowing capacity with a lightweight stainless turbine housing, maintaining accurate boost and exhaust pressures with a compact, high-flow wastegate, or preventing dangerous compressor spike during deceleration with a robust, high-volume blow-off valve, tialsport products can be relied upon to deliver, regardless of operating conditions.








u.s. designed and manufactured


tialsport is proud to develop and manufacture all of our products in the u.s.





premium features are our standard








wastegate features

tialsport’s mv-series wastegates were the first to offer water-cooled actuator housings, over a decade ago, and are the most compact units on the market.
the v60d was the industry’s first compressed-gas-specific wastegate, released in 2015
the mvi 2.5d is the first positively-sealed integral wastegate (iwg) actuator.
all external wastegates feature haynes hr120ss valves, cast and machined completely in-house.
all external wastegates feature a proprietary 316ss alloy, also cast and machined completely in-house.











blow-off valve features

with the release in the mid-1990’s of the legacy-model bv50, tialsport has been at the forefront of high-flow compressor bypass devices, commonly referred to as blow-off valves.
released in 2009, the q and qr raised the bar for flow, and these still remain the highest-flowing, most compact devices in their market segment.
the qrj, released in 2014, provided for a compact, modular solution for both atmospheric and recirculated bypass.
all along the way, features such as our exclusive billet v-clamps, fkm piston sealing rings and range of optional springs and colors have made tialsport blow-off valves the industry standard.











stainless turbine housings

with an on-site foundry, our investment-cast stainless-steel turbine housings have provided a lightweight, high-strength alternative to sand-cast housings since the early 2000’s.
an extensive range of frame-specific housings, each with several a/r options, is offered. it’s the largest range of housings available for popular motorsport turbochargers, period.
designed, engineered, tooled, machined and investment-cast, all under one roof at our facility here in michigan.









featured products








mv-sa wastegate






view product









qr series bov






view product









f3v turbine housing






view product







motorsports






















how to purchase

shop parts outlet
store locator







© 2025 tial sport • all rights reserved


products
store locator
about us
privacy
 




















































