














savannah georgia real estate savannahgeorgia







savannah georgia real estate, homes, waterfront, riverfront, oceanfront, golf, condos,
land, lots,
gated communities, investments, 1031 exchange and commercial real estate
in the
savannahgeorgia area!



savannah georgia
    real estate





















home
                    page   


property


hotel
                    reservations
nation wide


local
                    information
hotel info too


buyer
                    information


seller
                    information


custom
                    search
free


map






















how
                    to
note:
                    these "tips" are a handy guide to help you sell
                    your home faster not an all inclusive way to sell your
                    home.



















savannah georgia real estate, homes, condos, oceanfront, waterfront, golf, gated communities and commercial real estate in the savannahgeorgiarealestate area!
need
           a hotel, while you are here?
           fast, easy, compare available hotels and prices.
           hotel details, map it!

savannah
              ga. area hotels

gated communities, golf, water front, ocean
            front, rural, manufactured homes, farms, commercial or income
            producing properties, let us assist you in your search!
            if you want it, can dream it or think it....  we can help you find it.
we can assist you with local
        information on:
        temporary lodging, military information, school information, employment
        information and if we don't have it listed tell us what you need  we will
        get
        that information for you!
savannah georgia real
           estate,
           savannah real estate,
           savannah georgia golf real estate,
           savannah golf real estate,
           savannah georgia waterfront real estate,
           savannah waterfront real estate



















often referred to as the hostess city of the
            south, savannah is rich in architectural splendor, natural beauty
            and old-fashioned southern charm. since british general james
            oglethorpe landed on the historic bluff above the savannah river in
            1733 to found america’s thirteenth colony, savannah has
            established itself as one of the nation’s most unique cities.
            originally conceived of as a buffer against the spanish in florida,
            georgia was an outpost of sorts. with the help of the native
            american leader tomochichi, general oglethorpe created a modern city
            in the heart of the georgia wilderness. general oglethorpe devised
            savannah’s unique city plan, which features an ingenious system of
            squares, which are really miniature parks that serve as an
            organizing system for the historic district. houses, churches and
            business surround each square. savannah has 23 distinct squares
            across the historic district, each of which has its own charm, style
            and personality.
we will help you
           throughout your entire real estate transaction experience.

savannah definitely has diversity when 
it comes to places in which to live. settle here and you can have your choice of 
surrounding yourself with history, stepping back into small-town america, 
enjoying the security and luxury of a gated community or lazing the day away in 
a laid-back cottage at the beach. there's all that and more. 
savannah's neighborhoods and suburbs historic 
district-riverfront, squares, parks, tours, all squares. many residents 
of the 2.5-square-mile landmark historic district can claim the city's verdant 
squares as their front yards. although the north end of the district is 
commercial in character, numerous blocks of the area are solidly residential. 
historic homes in need of restoration are still available. newcomers will also 
find a good selection of restored homes, the result of 40 years of preservation 
efforts, and new construction in the form of townhouse condominiums crafted to 
blend into the historic atmosphere of the district. a new trend in downtown 
housing involves the conversion of space above retail establishments into 
apartments and lofts, a situation that's developed along with the city's recent 
revitalization of commercial buildings. victorian district
adjacent to the historic district, this first southward expansion of 
the city is attracting more and more folks interested in restoring two- and 
three-story frame houses in need of repair. the area becomes more popular in 
this regard as the number of restorable houses in the historic district 
declines. ardsley park savannah's first suburb, laid 
out in 1911, is a mixture of prestigious four- and five-bedroom mansions and 
quaint, craftsman-style bungalows situated on tree-lined streets. the ardsley 
park area -- located in midtown and loosely bounded by victory drive on the 
north, waters avenue on the east, 55th street on the south and bull street on 
the west -- has become one of the city's "hottest" neighborhoods favored by 
young professionals and families. gordonston this 
secluded neighborhood in eastside savannah is similar to ardsley park in 
character, but it's considerably smaller and hasn't been "discovered" to the 
extent that its "big brother" to the southwest has. 
southside-savannah mall,oglethorpe mall,business district 
shopping and recreation abound on the southside, a large area that's 
the site of both of savannah's malls, a multitude of smaller shopping centers 
and bacon park, whose 500 acres offer residents a variety of activities ranging 
from soccer to golf and from swimming to weight training. the southside is also 
residential in character, with neighborhoods featuring everything from 
ranch-style homes to patio homes and an abundance of apartment complexes and 
condominiums. two significant neighborhoods are: windsor forest
developed starting in the 1960s, windsor forest offers home buyers a 
wide spectrum of choices in terms of styles and prices. 
georgetown an area of mostly upscale homes, georgetown 
was one of the fastest-growing parts of the city in the 1990s, but it retains 
the feel of being out in the country. the 
islands-oatland,talahi,whitemarsh,wilmington & tybee beach home 
buyers in search of a less-historic but easy-going setting might consider the 
islands east and southeast of downtown savannah. one of these, tybee, is a 
barrier island fronting on the atlantic ocean. the others are separated from the 
mainland by rivers or tidal creeks, but all of the islands exude the 
"getting-away-from-it-all" feeling that comes when you cross a stretch of 
tranquil marshland on your way home from work or school. 
eastside islands-oatland,talahi,whitemarsh,wilmington 
& tybee beach directly east of savannah is where you'll find tybee 
and four inshore islands of varying size -- oatland, talahi, whitemarsh and 
wilmington. close by is the municipality of thunderbolt, a fishing village of a 
little more than 2,300 residents that typifies the small-town, family-oriented 
atmosphere of the area. wilmington 
island-marinas,riverfront,wilmington island club the largest of the 
several inshore islands east of savannah, this area is mainly residential in 
nature and is dotted with heavily forested neighborhoods, parks and recreational 
facilities. tybee island-savannah 
beach,ocean,backriver,lighthouse located 18 miles from savannah, this 
small seaside island is graced by a wide, 3-mile long beach that draws sun 
lovers and water-sports enthusiasts from throughout georgia and the rest of the 
southeast. while tybee is a resort replete with a full complement of 
restaurants, modern hotels and motels, luxurious condominiums and quaint rental 
cottages, it's also a residential area whose offerings range from historic homes 
on the officers' row of a one-time military post to classic beach-style abodes 
-- some beautifully restored. tybee, home to about 3,400 year-round residents, 
is an independent municipality providing its own city services. among focal 
points are the south-end pier and pavilion -- which is much-enjoyed by fishermen 
and folks strolling above the ocean and listening to live-band music; and the 
fort screven area on the island's north end, which is the site of the tybee 
lighthouse and an intriguing museum. southeastern islands
dutch island this community of spacious homes and 
manicured yards is about 20 minutes from downtown savannah. isle of 
hope one of savannah's most picturesque neighborhoods, isle of hope 
exudes the look of the old south. beautiful old cottages adorned with white 
picket fences line narrow streets and overlook the herb and skidaway rivers. 
bluff drive, which rambles along the skidaway under moss-strewn oaks, is one of 
the area's most alluring street. skidaway island-the landings 
the residential jewel of skidaway is the landings, a large gated 
community that's the site of upscale homes featuring a variety of styles -- 
southern lowcountry, colonial, federal and traditional ranch -- set on 
beautifully landscaped grounds. the landings is a retirees' paradise, with its 
two deep-water marinas, six private 18-hole golf courses, 34 tennis courts, 
fitness center and four clubhouses. west chatham 
county-pooler,godley station much of the savannah area's industry is 
concentrated in west chatham, and it's also the site of four municipalities and 
southbridge and savannah quarters -- two fast-growing golf communities. the 
towns of the area -- bloomingdale, garden city, pooler and port wentworth -- are 
well-established residential areas that serve as home to much of the workforce 
of the industries located there. these municipalities are known for their 
independence and volunteer spirit, and for a general absence of property taxes. 
government planners expect west chatham to experience a boom in residential 
growth in the next few years, with home building focused on pooler, the godley 
station area and the berwick area. bloomingdale this town 
of 2,665 is conveniently located near both the savannah/hilton head 
international airport and the city's port. residents enjoy a country lifestyle 
and a small-town ambience. garden city standing amid a 
variety of industrial developments, garden city is the county's second-largest 
municipality, with a population of more than 11,200. the number of residents 
grew greatly after an annexation that occurred in the summer of 1998. 
pooler-godley station,westbrook with more than 6,200 
residents, pooler is a fast-growing, family-oriented town with affordable homes 
and a wealth of recreational opportunities. port wentworth
this town of 3,276 -- home of the flag-waving "stand up for america day" 
celebration each may -- captures the essence of small-town usa. 
southbridge-golf community the homes at this planned 
community just off interstate highway 16 feature beautiful landscaping and 
architecture that's traditionally southern. the development covers 1,100 acres 
and offers residents the pleasures of a golf club and a tennis and swim club. 
bryan county-richmond hill,ft. stewart this 
county south and southwest of savannah offers a unique blend of piney woods and 
marshland. the fastest-developing part of bryan county -- and one of the most 
rapidly growing in the nation -- is near the coast. it's richmond hill, a 
bustling bedroom community that was once the winter quarters of famed 
industrialist henry ford. richmond hill-the ford plantation 
twenty miles south of savannah lies richmond hill. it is one of two 
incorporated cities in bryan county and has been one of the fastest-growing 
communities in the nation. richmond hill offers a number of new housing 
developments, schools and opportunities for recreation and shopping. its 
proximity to i-95 and i-16 makes it a popular choice for commuters. 
bryan county's first incorporated city, pembroke, has served as the 
county seat since 1935. it is a charming town offering peaceful county living 
and an upscale golf-course community. effingham 
county-rincon,springfield,guyton fast-developing effingham 
offers home buyers a choice of residential areas with different characters -- 
on-the-go rincon, quaint guyton, and springfield, the county seat. 
rincon beginning to resemble a bedroom community of the 
magnitude of richmond hill, is mushrooming as the savannah area gradually 
spreads west. however, all three municipalities retain their country-style 
atmosphere.

savannah georgia real estate, savannah ga real estate, rincon, richmond hill, tybee island, wilmington,
   statesboro, springfield, garden city, thunderbolt, isle of hope, hilton head, south
   carolina, real estate buying and selling, home, house, homes, houses, real estate, real estate, real, estate,
   realestate, property, properties, information, relocation, move, real estate brokers, realestate agents, vacation, retire, retirement, buy, sell, for sale, vacation homes, vacation home, vacation houses, builder, builders, custom builders, condominiums, condos, single family homes, manufactured homes, mobile homes, distinctive properties, estate, estates, executive homes, luxury, luxury homes, awesome, gorgeous, beautiful, distinguished, fantastic, custom, upscale, unique, beach homes, beach front homes, waterfront homes, waterfront properties, oceanfront property, oceanfront properties, river, lake, stream, rivers, lakes, streams, ocean reef, oceanfront condo, oceanfront home, oceanfront homes, waterfront condos, penthouse, penthouses, showplace, showcase,
   showhome, showhomes, luxuryhomes, dream home, dream homes, elegant homes, land, agricultural, farm, farms, commercial, investment, investments,
   1031 exchange, mortgage, capitol gains, inns for sale, hotels for sale, for, sale, for sale, timeshares, realtor, agent,
   broker, home repair, wood floors, wood floor products, hardwood floors, wood, floors, pest control, pest prevention services,
   photos, photographs.

we work with all national and local brokers like prudential, prudential real estate, c21, century 21, coldwell banker,
            remax, remax, re/max, gmac, watson, era and others.
















home page   
         |    nation
         ~ wide hotel
         reservations     |   









another

             world view, inc., site

904-247-2865


  
             visit our new   
             on line 
             shopping page
             for all your "on line" shopping needs.  books,
             electronics, toys, tools you name we have it for you!








hosting, maintenance and
    promotion by world
    view, inc.
    site questions or problems? contact webmaster

~ 
      








~

usa
          real estate
 
    last update: june 08, 2008

information herein deemed liable but not
     guaranteed terms
     and conditions
 world view, inc.  copyright ©2001 ~ 2005
 
     
   
     
   
     
   
     
   
     
 real  estate in   "all" states and dc too!
condominiums
condos real  estate
water front homes and land
real estate throughout the usa
real  estate web sites training and consulting
real  estate and information in northeast  florida
northeast  florida information and real estate
 central florida real  estate
real estate central florida
coastal georgia lifestyle
coastal  georgia information and real estate
amelia island florida real  estate
amelia island florida 
amelia island real estate 
daytona beach florida  real estate
daytona beach real estate
florida real estate
florida keys real estate
real estate in the florida keys 
gainesville real estate
gainesville florida real  estate
georgia real estate
hilton head island south  carolina real  estate
hilton head island real estate
jacksonville florida real estate
jacksonville real estate
jacksonville florida information and real  estate  
mid florida real estate
real estate mid florida
ocala florida real estate
real estate in ocala florida 
palm coast / flagler beach florida  real  estate
ponte vedra beach florida  real estate
 ponte vedra beach real estate  
ponte vedra real estate
ponte vedra beach florida 
st. augustine florida real  estate
tallahassee real estate
tallahassee florida real  estate
savannah georgia real  estate
savannah georgia information and real   estate
tampa florida real  estate
san diego california real estate
coronado california real  estate
san diego ca real estate
coronado california real  estate
norfolk virginia real estate
virginia beach virginia real   estate
norfolk real estate
virginia beach real  estate
google search
msn  search
yahoo  search
florida real estate employment
real estate photographic tours
florida real estate license on  line
remax re/max real estate agent
south carolina real  estate
amelia island florida real  estate
jacksonville florida waterfront real  estate
florida waterfront homes
florida real estate ~ computer based   training
coldwell banker palm coast flagler beach florida real estate
palm coast flagler beach palatka daytona  beach st augustine florida real estate
c21 palm  coast flagler beach florida century 21 real  estate
century 21palm coast flagler beach ormond beach palatka daytona beach st augustine florida c21 real estate
palm coast flagler beach florida custom home builders
prudential real estate jacksonville, beaches, ponte vedra beach prudential network real estate
palm  coast florida real estate
c21 gainesville florida century 21 real estate
st.  augustine florida and world golf village real  estate
st. augustine florida  real  estate
st.  augustine florida real estate
palm coast, flagler beach, st. augustine florida, world golf village custom home builder
pest control services to protect your real estate
wood floor products for your home
wood floor products for your home
wood  floor installation products for your  home
douglas fir wood floor products for your   home
wood  floor products for your home
hard  wood floor products for your  home
photos and photography
real estate in ponte vedra and jacksonville  florida









savannah georgia real estate,
  a visitor and new residents guide to real estate in the savannah ga. area






