



welcome to ocean futures society | ocean futures society













 


skip to navigation


log in
sign up




                ocean futures society                

 


search




search this site: 








 



home
aboutocean futures society
jean-michel cousteau
cousteau family
the team
collaboration
faq
contact
a family legacy
speaking engagements

explorationexpeditions
films
virtual film festival

learningambassadors of the environment
seascope
kelp ecology
kids cove
ecotourism

newsblog
press releases
environmental news
ofs events

actiontoxic flame retardants
marine mammals
offshore oil drilling
sharks
sustainable seafood

supportbecome a member
donate

storeapparel and posters



 
 

media
become a member
donate
ringtones/wallpapers
logout

 






welcome to ocean futures society


 















protecting the gulf of california




please consider sharing my new video against liquid natural gas.











¡salvemos nuestros océanos!




un libro que despertará conciencias, lleno de imágenes, sonidos e historias que debemos conocer. relatos de valerosos ambientalistas latinoamericanos están presentes en muchas páginas. unamos esfuerzos por nuestra madre tierra, ¡salvemos nuestros océanos!...











creature feature




what is it? where is it? what does it do? why is it important?
meet the amazing creatures jean-michel and his team have encountered around the world.











free membership




join ocean futures society today--be part of jean-michel’s team as we explore the world and address important issues.  with our updates, you can add your voice for the ocean!




protecting the gulf of california¡salvemos nuestros océanos!creature featurefree membership


 


what is ocean futures society?
our mission is to explore our global ocean, inspiring and educating people
throughout the world to act responsibly for its protection, documenting
the critical connection between humanity and nature, and celebrating the
ocean's vital importance to the survival of all life on our planet.
become a member





protect the ocean and you protect yourself
jean-michel cousteau

learn more about jean-michel



speaking engagements
 bring the excitement of ocean adventures through an engaging presentation by jean-michel cousteau as he takes you with him on an experience of a lifetime inspiring the imaginations and dreams of all who witness it to protect the ocean - our planet's life support system.  
read more


recent news




coral reef alliance 30th anniversary gala



october 3, 2024
please join me on october 19th at the coral reef alliance’s 30th anniversary gala at the california academy of sciences in the heart of san francisco’s golden gate park ...








    view all >  

 

from the blog





november 25, 2024
i am writing to share with all of you my complete objection to a planned project that would greatly harm the gulf of california ...


protecting the gulf of california: why liquid natural gas has no place in our ocean legacy





    view all >  

 



 

 




 
 
 


media
become a member
donate
ringtones/wallpapers
logout


site map
legal & privacy



connect with us

twitter
facebook
youtube


copyright © 2024 ocean futures society. all rights reserved.
design & development by centresource interactive agency
 
 





