


department of surgery | emory university school of medicine | atlanta, ga

























emory universitydepartment of surgery navigation searchskip to contentschools

undergraduate

emory college
oxford college
business school
school of nursing

community

emory continuing education
professional education
pre-college program



graduate

business school
graduate school
school of law
school of medicine
school of nursing
school of public health
school of theology


libraries

libraries

robert w. woodruff
business
science commons
health sciences
law
marbl
music & media
oxford college
theology



library tools

course reserves
databases
digital scholarship (ecds)
library search
ejournals
theses and dissertations
emoryfindingaids
illiad
openemory
research guides


resources

resources

emory university main site
administrative offices
emory healthcare
give to emory
academic calendars
bookstore
campus maps
shuttles and parking
athletics: emory eagles
arts at emory
emory news center



resources

emergency
information technology (it)
office 365 web access
office 365
canvas
opus
peoplesoft financials: compass
careers
human resources
emory report
emory business intelligence


search this site all emory sites people
homeabout ustrainingspecialtiesresearchnews and events





shortcutshistorical summarytraining facilitiesresearch for residentssurgery at gradyfaculty core servicessurgery newsletterclinical trials at emoryfaculty directorycontact ustop surgery news
mission zero: saving lives at home and abroad

for many people living in the atlanta area, emory university, morehouse school of medicine, and grady memorial hospital are some of the most recognizable names in medicine and healthcare. what many might not realize, however, is that these three organizations maintain a vital partnership with the u.s. military to provide additional care and services while also helping to maintain the quality of care within the armed forces.
meet the mission zero program.
read more >>

also in the news:
emory heart team implants new blood-pumping device for first time in u.s.
dr. christopher ramos represents emory surgery at latino surgical society symposium
dr. randi smith invited to white house national gun violence awareness day
2024 william wood symposium: final report
dr. bradley leshnower leads in high-risk aneurysm treatment
dr. craig coopersmith honored with 2024 dean's distinguished faculty lecture and award
dr. ravi rajani chosen as president-elect of vascular and endovascular surgical society (vess)
dr. randi smith wins $2 million grant to support violence intervention efforts at grady
more news >>faculty spotlights
shelly abramowicz, dmd





shelly abramowicz, dmd, was awarded the 2024 adeagies foundation award in oral and maxillofacial surgery (oms). this award, presented by the philanthropic arm of the american dental education association (adea), is given to oral and maxillofacial surgeons who make significant contributions to education in the field of oms.
the adeagies foundation identifies and promotes innovative, future-ready oral health initiatives that advance dental education and elevate the dental professions by supporting grants, programs, scholarships and special initiatives that develop leaders in academic dentistry and ensure a robust future faculty.




dr. abramowicz's faculty profile >>

craig coopersmith, md

















craig coopersmith, md, was inducted into the emory millipub club during the 11th annual celebration of faculty eminence held on tuesday, october 29, 2024.
the millipub club honors and recognizes current emory faculty who have published one or more individual papers throughout their careers that have each garnered more than 1,000 citations. such a paper is commonly considered a “citation classic” and represents high-impact scholarship.
dr. coopersmith's faculty profile >>















trainee spotlights
dr. brandi mize publishes article in annals of vascular surgery as first author

brandi mize, md, along with ten co-authors, including alexis neill and drs. yazan duwayri and olamide alabi, has published a study titled "evaluating receipt of optimal medical therapy amongst structurally disadvantaged groups undergoing amputation" in the annals of vascular surgery. the article is available online and will be included in the december print edition.

dr. ashley gagnon wins emwell microgrant award

ashley gagnon, dds, pgy-2 was awarded a emwell microgrant award for her project titled “enhanced stress resilience training (esrt) for oral and maxillofacial surgery residents.” her emory faculty mentor is dr. abramowicz.
emwell microgrants are designed to support innovative, well-being focused initiatives across the whsc. the funding supports ongoing or new initiatives that are evidence-based, and have the potential for sustainability and scalability. projects could support workplace culture, the nature of the work teams do, or aspects of personal resiliency.woodruff health sciences center of the emory university school of medicinefounded in 1966grady memorial hospitala renowned teaching hospitalemory transplant centerpatient-centered caredepartment of surgery annual reportsthe years in review




emory homecontactsemergencycareersgive to emoryabout emory's webcopyright © 

 emory university - all rights reserved | 201 dowman drive, atlanta, georgia 30322 usa 404.727.6123









