









home - irish kidney association
















































































































































 

 




 










 







skip to content






contact usget a donor cardwork with us





























homeabout us

our history our governance our team work with us our branches our impact
our services

get a donor card support centres patient holidays counselling peer support living well healthy living membership
patient info

medical info practical info kidney health patient guides support magazine videos research
support us

give (€) fundraise for the ika leave a gift in your will contribute in memory of someone tax back donations corporate giving considering a large gift? shop
news & events

organ donation and transplantation preliminary figures 2024 tell us about your event news events calendar general election 2024 service of remembrance and thanksgiving 2024 organ donor awareness week
give (€)


0



 


toggle website search










0



menu
close





















 
join #teamika as a charity fundraiser
 
raise money for the irish kidney association by signing up for the dublin city marathon or women’s mini marathon.


register your interest


 


 
the irish kidney association
we are a charity dedicated to meeting the needs of kidney patients and those likely to be affected by kidney disease.


get an organ donor card


 



































the latest news














 

 



organ donation and transplantation preliminary figures 2024



					december 27, 2024				




 

 



wicklow mother of six donates kidney to eldest son ahead of european donation day



					october 4, 2024				




 

 



ber downey’s paris2nice charity cycle



					september 4, 2024				
























share your story



we are seeking individuals willing to share their personal stories for world kidney day or organ donor awareness week 




























we are seeking individuals willing to share their personal stories for world kidney day (13th march 2025) or organ donor awareness week (saturday 10th - 17th may 2025). these stories may feature in our campaigns, appearing in both national and local media, as well as on our social media channels.
we are interested in stories from individuals who have been diagnosed with kidney disease, have received an organ transplant, are a living donor or have made the selfless decision to donate a loved one’s organs.
if you have a story that you feel could contribute to these important dates in our calendar, please fill out this form.







share your story























donor cards



read the facts about organ donation








read more












education pack



our school education pack








read more












ika member



join the irish kidney association








get a form












organ donation



organ donation & transplant ireland








read more


















view our latest support magazine













read magazine


































actions speak louder than words!



take action today and find out about how you can help the ones you know and love or just because you'd like to be a part of something bigger. whether you choose to become a donor or make a contribution, the ika appreciate your time and efforts to know more about what we do and how we help those who have or are affected by renal disease. 







make a contribution








make a contribution













 

















































































 

















get in touch,  we'd love to hear from you!



here at the ika we're more than happy to assist you with anything you might need. if you've got any questions or concerns then please feel free to use the contact form to send us a message.
















name
please enter your name.



email
please enter a valid email.



phone
please enter a valid phone number.



your message
please enter a message.





submit


message sent!
message failed. please try again.





















address:donor house, block 43a, park west, dublin, d12 p5v6phone:(+353) 01 620 5306opens in your application 

irish kidney association clg.registered charity (rcn): 20011260companies registration no: 66109chy (revenue) no: 6327patron: president michael d. higgins 

cookiesopens in a new tabemail disclaimeropens in a new tabprivacy policyopens in a new tabterms and conditionsopens in a new tab 



opens in a new tabopens in a new tabopens in a new tabopens in a new tabopens in a new tab 
 





				© irish kidney association  -  all rights reserved.			









close menu






 








×






×basket 



























































by continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
accept



