




pacific biosciences research center

































skip to main content




poster printing service
pbrc email
mycal
support pbrc
jobs at pbrc
contact



search


submit














 
 
school of ocean and earth science and technology







home
about 

welcome
our mission
facilities
history of pbrc
news archive


people 

faculty
staff


research 

research overview
cobre – precision nutrition
cobre – microbiome


core resources 

core resources overview
biological electron microscopy facility (bemf)
computer network support facility (cnsf)
insectary for scientific training and advances in research  (instar)
microbial genomics and analytical laboratory  (mgal)
living resources


education & training 

education & training overview
research mentoring
educational training programs
classroom instruction


outreach 

outreach overview
local community partnerships
regional community partnerships
local stem education
regional stem education


contact









welcome to the pacific biosciences research center











the pacific biosciences research center is a center of excellence in interdisciplinary biological sciences, with its research, training, and outreach activities focused on the unique opportunities found in hawaiʻi and throughout the pacific islands.  pbrc has received national and international recognition as a leader in integrated mountain-to-sea science, and uses as its guiding principle the concept of the hawaiian ahupuaʻa, a self-sustaining unit highlighting the interrelationship between land and sea, and a communal responsibility for the land.  pbrc follows the ethic of sustainability with respect for the culture, values, and limited natural resources of hawaiʻi.












featured news


featured · newsrecruitment opens for soest deantitle: dean, school of ocean and earth science, and technologyhiring unit: office of the provost, manoaposition number: 0089288date posted: september 25, 2024 closing date: continuous recruitment.  for first consideration, submit application by…
bradseptember 26, 2024featured · newspbrc researchers publish work on biofoulingthe new paper, “bacterial envelope polysaccharide cues settlement and metamorphosis in the biofouling tubeworm hydroides elegans,” was published in july 2024 in the nature journal communications biology. authors: marnie l.…
bradaugust 6, 2024featured · newshow many animal species have humans driven to extinction?pbrc researcher rob cowie was a co-author on a 2022 study published in the journal biological reviews that suggested as many as 150,000 to 260,000 of all known species could…
bradaugust 5, 2024featured · newspbrc featured in voice of the seaclick to view the 30-second episode trailer! on tv: k5 sun june 23rd at 6pm & sat june 29th at 6pm hst! in this episode of voice of the sea, we’re…
bradjune 18, 2024featured · newsstressed snails and slugs may spread rat lungworm through slimecan humans become infected with the rat lungworm parasite from snail slime, if an infected snail or slug leaves slime on a lettuce leaf? that is the question university of…
braddecember 18, 2023featured · newspioneering microbiome science aims for breakthroughs at uh centera national center of excellence at the university of hawaiʻi at mānoa is doing much more than groundbreaking biomedical research. the integrative center for environmental microbiomes and human health (icemhh)…
bradoctober 25, 2023featured · newsprecision nutrition cobre core bucks recipient receives awardassistant professor peter washington from the information and computer sciences department, a recipient of core bucks through the precision nutrition cobre core bucks program, recently received a $2.18-million new innovator award from the national institutes…
bradoctober 17, 2023featured · newsborn a scientist: kiana frank’s work builds upon foundation of her kūpunasome people become scientists. for assistant professor kiana frank of the pacific biosciences research center (pbrc) at the university of hawaiʻi at mānoa, it was evident early on in her…
bradoctober 12, 2023featured · newsgalápagos islands: apply for all-expenses-paid undergrad research programgalápagos islands (photo credit: andres cruz) approximately 24 university of hawaiʻi at mānoa undergraduate students will have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to conduct research over the next three summers. the students…
bradoctober 12, 2023featured · news2023 field biology award: norine yeunghttps://www.maxwell-hanrahan.org/blog/2023-field-biology-award-norine-yeung as a malacologist focusing on pacific island land snails (the world’s most threatened animal group), norine yeung, along with her colleagues, have been instrumental in advancing our understanding of…
bradoctober 9, 2023



info for students








support pbrc












pbrc news
recruitment opens for soest deanseptember 26, 2024pbrc researchers publish work on biofoulingaugust 6, 2024how many animal species have humans driven to extinction?august 5, 2024pbrc featured in voice of the seajune 18, 2024stressed snails and slugs may spread rat lungworm through slimedecember 18, 2023












useful links


poster printing service



pbrc email



mycal
support pbrc
jobs at pbrc
contact



related sites


békésy laboratory of neurobiology
center for conservation research & training (ccrt)
hawaii institute of marine biology (himb)
john a. burns school of medicine (jabsom)
kewalo marine laboratory (kml)
school of life sciences (sols)
school of ocean and earth science and technology (soest)
university of hawaii cancer center



research & training


integrative center for environmental microbiomes and human health (cobre)
integrative center for precision nutrition and human health (cobre)
center for microbiome analysis through island knowledge & investigation (c-māiki)
research experience for undergraduates (reu): environmental biology for pacific islanders
nsf advanced technological education (nsf-ate)






copyright © 2023 pacific biosciences research center, university of hawai‘i at mānoa • 1993 east-west road • honolulu • hi • 96822 • (808) 956-7401 



back to top



search


submit

























