






river oaks resorts - lodging and more near the frio river


























 
river oaks concan


reserve now


    



 home
 lodging
 pool / splashpad / mini golf
 pavilion
 frio liquors
 flip flop pit stop
 contact










river oaks concan
a family owned and operated resort near the frio river














river oaks resorts
a pet-friendly resort on the frio river


  

amenities
 we can supply all your frio river needs. 



 pet friendly
 frio river just minutes away
 flip flop pit stop store
 frio liquors




 pool/splashpad
 miniature golf
 beer, wine, snacks
 tubing supplies






river oaks resort is a pet-friendly,â family owned and operated with modern vacation homes and cabins near the crystal clear frio river and is located an hour and fifteen minutes west of san antonio and just 7 miles south of garner state park, in the beautiful texas hill country.â all homes are completely furnished, heated & air conditioned and all kitchens are fully equipped to provide you with a complete home away from home at very affordable prices. whispering oak and big oak are right on the main grounds and within walking distance to the river oak resort amenities. all vacation homes have free wifi and smart tvs.
in addition to vacation lodging near the frio river, river oaks resort has many amenities. we have a fully stocked convenience store, the flip flop pit stop, which has snacks, supplies, tubing and fishing gear, beer and wine. frio liquors next door has a full range of liquor and mixes. the pool and splashpad is a fun place to relax and enjoy the water when you don't feel like going down to the frio river. we also have a 9 hole miniature golf course.
there’s fun for everyone at river oaks resort. you can tube, kayak, and swim, in the spring fed frio river. see the frio bat flight, dance under the stars at garner state park, hear live music at house pasture and joe jimmy’s, hike our nature trails or for more of a challenge hike old baldie at garner state park, horseback riding, mini golf, championship golf, hay rides, helicopter rides, great food, shop, and even enjoy a spa. all this and more, just minutes from your cabin.










contact river oaks resort -
          
reserve now






 
location:
49 encino dr. concan, tx 78838

 
email:
reservations@frioriver.com

 
call:
1.800.800.5773

























send message

















 © copyright river oaks resort
      site designed and maintained by web-author.com















 









