
































cape cod's luxury 5 star hotel, resort & spa | chatham bars inn




















        skip to main content
    







menu
close


 


 



            special offers
        

            book your stay





main navigation


accommodations


back



overview


main inn


cottages


spa suites


accessible rooms





spa & fitness


back



overview


treatments


spa specials


fitness center





dining


back



overview


stars


sacred cod


beach house grill


the veranda


bayview terrace


culinary events & holiday dining


the farm





activities & amenities


back



cozy coastal pursuits (winter)


the beach


activities & amenities


events calendar





world class boating


weddings


back



overview


venues


catering


seasons


inquire





meetings


back



overview


meeting & event spaces


inquire





life at the inn


back



blog


press


social





special offers









            close
        

























pause








cape cod’s most beautiful address








an invitation to a unique experience awaits


imagine waking up to a seaside breeze, a fishing fleet leaving for work, and a crimson sun rising over seals relaxing on the sandbars. welcome to chatham bars inn, cape cod’s most beautiful address.

















five star oceanfront luxury on cape cod. iconic. luxurious. perfectly located. immerse yourself in an unforgettable experience capturing the essence of a globally recognized vacation destination.













#1 resort in new england in the 2024 condé nast traveler's readers' choice awards















#1 best waterfront hotel/resort in the usa today 2024 10best readers' choice travel awards















#1 hotel of the year overall worldwide in the 2023 preferred hotels & resorts awards of excellence















#1 best historic hotel in the historic hotels of america 2022 awards of excellence




















                
                                            cozy coastal pursuits
                    
                
            

our cape cod oceanfront resort is open year-round, offering breathtaking views of the coastline no matter the season. we invite you to join us for a winter of cozy coastal pursuits as you explore new interests and participate in enriching classes, special events and activities at the inn now through april. enjoy creative programs from our culinary and recreation teams, indulgent spa treatments and themed weekends.
discover more about summer at the inn
















                
                                            delicious dining
                    
                
            

our culinary team is world-class and their talents are on display with creative new menus. dine at the award-winning stars or at the inn's beloved sacred cod tavern. or join us for one of our culinary special events. 
discover more about our dining experiences
















                
                                            the spa
                    
                
            

a world of wellness and tranquility await you with all the elements designed to soothe and restore the body, mind and soul.  embrace the winter season with specialty treatments including a cranberry souffle body scrub and facial or the warm vanilla velvet massage. before or after your treatment, enjoy our peaceful relaxation room or our adults-only outdoor spa pool and hot tub. 
discover more about the spa
















                
                                            dreaming of summer
                    
                
            

plan now for the upcoming summer season. guests love our boating adventures which set off from the dock on our own private beach. our fleet will whisk you away on excursions including whale watching, fishing, sailing, charters to nantucket and martha's vineyard, lobstering, harbor tours and more.
discover more about boating





















                
                                            make a reservation for the quintessential cape cod experience
                    
                
            



i would like to arrive on



and stay until

























sign up for the latest news and exclusive offers
sign up now







our partners








































































 



hotel address:
297 shore roadchatham, ma 02633
reservations: 1.800.527.4884 local: 508.945.0096international: +1.508.945.0096
welcome@chathambarsinn.com






footer menu


about & info


history


contact us


membership


the lexus experience


newsletter


pet policy


careers


gift cards


i prefer


faq


privacy policy





logout



social menu


facebook


twitter


instagram








            © copyright 2025 chatham bars inn | site map










