













divorce wizards - no court california divorce - high conflict mediation


















toggle navigation






divorce wizards





home


contact


mediation



get started!


about us


testimonials





















call us before you call anyone else!  949-933-3634









divorce wizards
no court divorce paperwork, mediation, and conflict resolution

phone: 949-933-3634
e-mail: lynne@divorcewizards.com















call us first for a free consultation!
ca residents, call us if you are angry, scared, hurt, worried, confused, or just "so done"! we will call you back within 24 hours, usually sooner and we can explain your california divorce options, including high conflict divorce mediation, lower cost case resolution, alimony and spousal support, asset and property division, child custody and child support, divorce modifications, qdro’s, and gay and lesbian divorce. you can get started today and we can help you stay out of court.

949-933-3634
lynne@divorcewizards.com

 start your california divorce paperwork online
 have a divorce question? ask the expert!




have a question? ask the divorce expert!

name





email





phone





message







send message
cancel









save money, mediate, stay out of court





no frills ca divorce


california residents complete your california divorce or legal separation online. call us to learn about our low cost divorce packages.  read more

call now: 949-933-3634
















specializing in high conflict no court divorce mediation
divorce is a process some compare to walking through fire. most of us weren't born with the knowledge of how to "do divorce". going through divorce with a hostile or reluctant spouse is extremely painful and sometimes impossible without an expert mediator. at divorce wizards we help you work through all of the decisions needed to complete your california divorce. we explain your options and offer solutions based on years of experience helping other couples go through the process. we can meet with you together -- or if that is too uncomfortable -- we can meet with you separately.  even if you're dealing with cheating, adultery, pornography, gambling, abuse, an alcoholic or addicted spouse, we walk through the fire with you, and make sure you get to the other side.
 see our divorce packages
 contact us for a free consultation
children and divorce - be a role model to your children
we love kids!  like you, we want to shield them from the pain of divorce. that is one great benefit of choosing mediation as a way to resolve your ca high conflict divorce. we can help you keep things "normal" for your children. in addition to mediating child custody and support agreements, we help you develop  healthy conflict resolution tools to help your children process their divorce experience. we have numerous articles written by expert resources on the site. please take a look at the amazing collection we have about children.
					
					 articles about children and divorce
expert ca divorce resources - we refer only to the best!
if you need expert divorce resources, we connect you to the same experts you find in court for a fraction of the cost, including attorneys, child custody experts, forensic accountants, private investigators, certified divorce financial analysts, business valuators, pension valuators, and real estate appraisers. because our experts  don't testify in court but instead write a report of their findings, you save tens of thousands of dollars by mediating and still have the benefit of the experts.
 expert california divorce resources
no court means your privacy is protected
if you process your divorce in a courtroom with divorce litigation,  all of your documents and everything said in court becomes public record. anyone can search the court website and get transcripts of all testimony. when you choose mediation,  the details of your divorce remain confidential and are protected by ca law. we keep your financial information as private as possible, while adhering to the proper court process, so detailed information about your children, your property, your spouse, and your debts stay off the internet.
 read our privacy policy
you never set foot in the court house!
we also provide all the court documents you need to complete your divorce without ever setting foot in a court house! we are expert registered and bonded paralegals (legal document assistants) so we can prepare all of your divorce paperwork and e-file or deliver to the appropriate court to ensure smooth processing of the many legal documents you will need to file. we are a one stop shop to complete your divorce as smoothly and efficiently as possible. we are with you every step of the way!
 why mediate? mediation vs litigation
issues to consider in mediation





call us to save time and money.





articles about divorce



why mediate? mediation vs litigation
issues to consider in mediation
top ten tips for preparing for custody evaluations, child support, and more
articles about divorce

all articles
glossary of terms












get started with one of our online divorce packages





silver : summary dissolution - $995*


a summary dissolution is a streamlined california divorce process for couples who meet specific eligibility requirements like no children, married less than five years, and owning no property. compared to the formal divorce process, a summary dissolution will involve less time and less paperwork.  see if you qualify.

 start now!




gold : uncontested divorce - $1,995*


this package includes all legal divorce paperwork you need to complete an uncontested california divorce or legal separation. we take your divorce information privately, prepare all your legal documents, and file them with the court. we even follow up with you and the court if the unexpected arises. your case is customized to your divorce, including alimony, child custody, and property agreements.
an uncontested divorce is a lower cost, less stressful alternative to a court divorce.

 start now!




platinum: high conflict mediated divorce - $4,495*


in addition to all legal divorce paperwork, this package also includes up to five hours with an expert divorce mediator. we help you divide retirement plans, complicated pensions, and stock options. we discuss community property, real estate, toys, small businesses, debt, taxes and insurance. we do financial analysis and calculate complicated california spousal support and child support situations including bonus or commission income and self employment income. we help you develop a custody and visitation parenting plan that works for you and is in the best interests of your children.
this package is for mediating high conflict divorce with issues such as alimony, adultery, property disputes, addiction, pornography, child custody and protection, alcoholism, cheating, and hostile spouses.

 start now!


*package prices do not include court filing fees, costs, or additional mediation required for extremely complex divorces.


 see our entire list of services











about divorce wizards
lynne diamond is a leading orange county divorce mediator specializing in resolving high conflict divorces since 1997. in addition to her j.d. (law degree) from purdue concord school of law, she is also a california licensed professional fiduciary specializing in families with special needs children and a retired certified divorce financial analyst (c.d.f.a.), formerly a vice president at merrill lynch.  read more

 read about us in the orange county register
 why we are the best choice for your divorce





lynne diamond, founder of divorce wizards









our testimonials





thank you again for all your help. i couldn't have done this without you. i know because i tried. i so appreciate your services. may you continue to be blessed with success in helping others. thanks again.
dave s., costa mesa, ca








omg! thank you so much lynne! this has to be the longest divorce you've ever processed. i need some champagne too. thank you so much for all your help!
shawn s., los angeles, ca








thanks again for your kind words and being available for me and my girls. you have been a real source of goodness and kindness for all of us.
a.r., costa mesa, ca










thank you for all of your hard work! i know we were challenging and it took a lot of effort to get us divorced. what a relief to have this over! the money you saved me probably allowed me to stay in my home. if i had to continue a battle through the attorneys i would still not be divorced and would be completely broke and an emotional wreck.
g, san clemente, ca









thank you so much for all of your work and patience with me. i really appreciate everything that you have helped me with during the process. i got the final papers from you yesterday!
t.d.p., santa clara county, ca.








thank you once again for making things clear and understandable. you've been wonderful. take care and i will recommend you to friends and people who require legal assistance. thank you again!
sasha m.





 read all of our testimonials









home


contact


mediation


get started!


about us


testimonials


privacy policy


divorce wizards · 120 newport center drive, newport beach, ca 92660 · 949-933-3634 · lynne@divorcewizards.com
copyright © divorce wizards 1997-2024. all rights reserved
l.d.a. #536. we are not attorneys. we can only provide self help services at your specific direction.












