



poker tournament manager - poker clock and poker tournament software





















homepurchaseonline tourpoker tourney how to guidefeedbackaboutwhat's newnew release!!!  version 5.0 is now available with many new features: points formulas, hand timer, tournament reminders, bounty wizard, and much more!click here for all new features...links for customerscustomer roomleague home pagesweb results postingupgrade to 5.0upgrade to deluxesupportlearn more about...  affiliate/reseller program  advertising at this site
used 
						in thousands of commercial and home poker tournaments, poker tournament manager 
						adds excitement and professionalism to your poker tournament.   











the tools you need to manage your tournament:




													including a poker clock with unlimited levels and breaks, complete support 
													for buyins, rebuys, chip addons, and point systems.  automatically 
													calculates fixed or percentage based payouts.  you can even randomly 
													assign seats and balance tables as players go out.  put 
													bounties* on players or offer other special awards.





track player stats and post results:



view stats and points to see top players over multiple 
													tournaments*.  results and stats can be shared with other players by 
													auto-posting results to your league home page at our website.





the tournament assistant can help setup and run 
												your tournament for you*:



automatically create a blind structure for how long you want 
													your tournament to last.  the assistant will assist in determining chip 
													counts, estimated total buyin, and payouts, and then alert you during the 
													tournament when tables can be balanced.  it will even create a tournament 
													preparation checklist.
												





customize poker tournament manager to suit your 
												unique needs:
											




													customizable tournament structure, audio and visual notifications, and colors 
													and screen options.









display up to the minute tournament 
									information:



including # of players remaining, average chip stack, next 
										break, chip values, top payouts, and current blinds/ante/raises.  you 
										can even show rules for tournaments - less arguments! custom messages can let 
										your guests know about the next tournament, and you can display unlimited 
										rotating custom pictures or ads.  for a casino like feel, display the 
										tournament on a tv or projector**.















     
			  


take a free on-line tour

			ordering
 special seasonal prices!



item
regular price
sale price


poker tournament manager
99.95
49.95


poker tournament manager deluxe edition
139.95
79.95


			 
		
 order now!
(cd-rom and immediate download available)
 
compare deluxe edition vs. standard
 
*deluxe edition only
**connection from computer/laptop to tv required to view on tv.
		
system requirements for poker tournament software: windows 
			95/98/nt/2000/xp/vista/windows 7/windows 8 or higher.
		
poker tournament manager, copyright mb hammond group.all rights reserved.webmaster@pokertournamentmanager.com




