



  










nags head fishing pier - fishing, dining, live music, tiki bar








































































fishing & dining on the outer banks, nc home
fishing pier

pier info & rates
latest news & reports
pier gear
pier cam
photo gallery
aerial view of nags head fishing pier


restaurant
tiki bar
cottage rentals
contact
 





 





fun 

food 

fishing 

































 






new expanded deck & oceanfront tiki bar!

latest news and reports

restaurant & tiki bar hoursdecember 6, 2024please continue to follow us on facebook and our webpage for further updates. pier house restaurant hours serving breakfast open thursday to monday from 7 am – 12 pm cap... view all




restaurant & tiki bar





fresh fish doesn’t get any fresher than when you hook em and we cook em for you. ask about our “you hook em – we cook em” special.
visit restaurant visit tiki bar





weather & tides

nags head forecast





the happiest people in the world pass through this site!
 
what are you waiting for? bring the whole family out to nags head fishing pier.  on one of the oldest and longest piers on the outer banks, nc, you and yours can cast out your line and reel in memories that will last a lifetime. whether you’re fishing for fun, sport or for your appetite, nags head fishing pier is the place.
our pier house restaurant and capt. andy’s oceanfront tiki bar and grill sits right on the beautiful atlantic with amazing ocean views. our menu can satisfy any appetite offering a wide variety of dishes including the freshest seafood available and a wide variety of drink options. fresh seafood can’t get any fresher than when you catch it and we cook it right here – you hook “em – we cook “em!

enjoy our website and we look forward to seeing you at
the nags head fishing pier soon.









contact us 
252-441-5141 (pier)  info*nagsheadpier.com 3335 south va. dare trail | milepost 11.5 
nags head, nc  27959  
 regular hours of operation: 5am-midnight, weather permitting.


facebook 
 

location




 copyright © 2015 nags head fishing pier. all rights reserved | website by outer banks internet, inc.














