














home - forced migration review































































skip to content






latest issue
forthcoming issues
previous issues












subscribe donate





english

français
español
العربية


home
about fmr
explore content
write for fmr
support fmr
search



search


submit











english



français



español



العربية





 










welcome to
forced migration
review


newsfmr's new lookour brand-new website is now live and ready for you to explore!
designed for a better browsing and reading experience, it’s a beta version, so you can let us know how it works for you. we’ll continue to make adjustments in the coming months. dive in and let us know what you think.

explore contentforthcoming issuedangerous journeysdangerous journeys are taken every day by migrants and refugees, often with tragic consequences. this issue – coming out in may 2025 – seeks to explore how more lives can be saved on land and sea and how disappearances in migration and displacement can be prevented or resolved.
untitled, painting by abdullah rahmani, 2020. reproduced with permission, artist's website: alirezajan386.wixsite.com/afghan
sign up for emailsinclusionmentoringwe offer mentoring for authors with lived experience of forced displacement, or whose voices are under-represented in decision making around forced displacement. this is just one aspect of fmr’s inclusion programme.
artists from 9 countries create a mural in sofia, bulgaria, together with refugee children. credit: unhcr/dobrin kashavelov
inclusion at fmr


latest issue
fmr 74
financing displacement response
november 2024
from humanitarian aid by wealthy governments to remittances from diaspora communities, responses to forced displacement are shaped by funding from an array of actors, in ways that express those actors’ interests and priorities. in recent years, new actors and new financing approaches have emerged. what do these shifts mean for forcibly displaced people and displacement response strategies? how does displacement response financing interact with the choices of forcibly displaced people and their communities, with local and global economies, and with broader geopolitical events and trends? this issue advances understanding of these questions and others.  
read the latest issue


forthcoming
issues


be the first to know about new issues of fmr, calls for articles, and related news. sign up for emails or follow us on social media.


sign up for emailssign up


email(required)


 sign up 















facebooktwitterlinkedinvkfmr 75 dangerous journeysthis issue of fmr seeks to explore how more lives can be saved on land and sea.
submissions are closed
may 2025sign up for emailssign up


email(required)


 sign up 















facebooktwitterlinkedinvkpast issues


explore content





explore content











sign up
for emailssign up 


visit the refugee studies centre





sparking discussion to improve displacement response






copyright
accessibility
contact us







privacy policy
photo policy
writing faqs







vacancies
cookies






© copyright 2024


emailfacebooktwitterlinkedinvk




donatesubscribe




sign up for emails


follow us on social media


facebooktwitterlinkedin


			×			



































