


















law firm of frank branson | dallas attorney | truck accidents














































 


 


















call us: 1.800.522.0216 


 

integrity. insight. innovation. 





home
about us

employment


branson approach
practice areas

transportation injuries
dangerous products
utility accidents
premises liability
construction litigation
industrial catastrophes
workplace injuries
medical malpractice
hospital abuse and neglect
hazing litigation


attorneys

frank l. branson
debbie dudley branson
john t. burkhead
tim newsom
linda yee villa


cases
news
blog
referrals
contact






the law offices of frank l. branson is a true 21st century personal injury and business litigation firm.

click here to read about the lawsuit filed on behalf of the sansom park police officer shot in active-shooter training accident
led by legendary dallas attorney frank l. branson, our talented team of lawyers provides clients with years of courtroom experience in high-stakes personal injury cases and business disputes.
we have secured significant jury verdicts and sizeable out-of-court settlements for injured individuals and their families in cases involving trucking and transportation accidents, dangerous and defective products, construction accidents, commercial plane crashes, explosions and burns caused by gas and electric power utilities, medical negligence, workplace catastrophes, and business disputes. our expertise and track record in these cases is why the law offices of frank l. branson is one of the nation’s most respected trial firms.
we devote formidable resources to every case, including work from our staff that includes an investigator, nurse, medical illustrator, computer-generated graphics professional and a videographer. in addition, we sometimes retain outside professionals, depending on the nature of the case.
working as a coordinated team, we are able to transform even the most complicated disputes and legal arguments into compelling evidence that not only tells jurors what happened, but also shows them how it happened. we bring together computer animation, three-dimensional models, video recreations, and lifelike illustrations to make sure that judges and juries take notice.

accident checklist.
click here for what to do in the event of an accident.



news


the law offices of frank...

trial firm earns repeat top-tier honors for expertise across five practice areas  dallas – the law offices of frank l. branson remains among notable elite law firms earning repeat recognition... (read more)



frank l. branson receives lifetime...

legendary trial lawyer honored for lasting imprint on texas’ legal community dallas – the law offices of frank l. branson is proud to announce that firm founder frank l. branson... (read more)



frank l. branson again named...

two others from the law offices of frank l. branson also cited by texas super lawyers  dallas – three attorneys with the law offices of frank l. branson have been... (read more)





blog


deadly arkansas bus crash raises...

the fatal crash of a charter bus carrying youth football players from an all-star game in fort worth back home to the memphis area raises critical questions about the charter... (read more)

 
frank branson discusses how to...

handling a trial for a deceased plaintiff may be one of the toughest challenges for any trial lawyer. law360 recently sought out attorney frank branson for his insight into making... (read more)

 
hurricane harvey faq and information

texas has suffered a heavy blow from hurricane harvey. this disaster will continue to unfold in the weeks and months ahead as texans try to put their lives back together... (read more)

 





practice areas

accountants
transportation injuries

atv accidents
aviation
bicycle & pedestrian accidents
boating
bus accidents
car wrecks
department of transportation regulation accidents
motorcycles
railroad
truck wrecks


dangerous products

amusement park accidents
auto manufacture and design
defective building design
defective car seats and seat belts
defective drugs
defective lawnmowers
defective medical equipment and devices
defective nail guns
defective tires
defective toys and baby products
pool equipment


utility accidents

energized electric lines
gas lines
power plants


premises liability

amusement park injuries
apartment complexes
building fires & explosions or flammable fabrics
collapsing building
criminal matters
elevator malfunction
hotel and resort injuries
inadequate security
restaurant and bar injuries
slip and falls
supermarket accidents and falling merchandise
swimming pools
workplace injuries


construction litigation

construction site bystander injuries
general contractors and subcontractors
injury to construction workers
negligent operation or maintenance of construction equipment
safety training


industrial catastrophes

construction sites
electrocution
explosions


workplace injuries
medical malpractice

hospital negligence
physician negligence


doctors
hospital abuse and neglect

medical and mental health facility abuse
nursing home neglect


hazing litigation
engineers
lawyers



contact us employment
























legendary impact


a lasting impact for our clients. inside and outside the courtroom.



											download now										























truck litigation brochure


we take on the most complex truck crash litigation.



									download now								






legendary impact


a lasting impact for our clients. 



									download now								











© 2025 by the law offices of frank l. branson

site by androvett


highland park place, suite 1800, 4514 cole avenue | dallas texas 75205 
main: 214.522.0200| dfw metro: 972.263.7452 | toll free: 800.522.0216 | fax: 214.521.5485 

 


home
about us
branson approach
practice areas
attorneys
news
blog
contact
privacy policy
disclaimer




































