

 marine repair center – fishing electronics sales & service center (417) 833-9191












skip to content menu  marine repair centerfishing electronics sales & service center (417) 833-9191  close menu   marine repair centerparts, sales, and service for the finest fishing equipment available. we carry: lowrance, motorguide, minn kota, humminbird, garmin, nucanoe, pro control, marine batteries, navionics, ram mounts and rite-hite. 
about us & our services 
about us
sales, parts, service and installation of marine electrical equipment is what we do at marine repair center. we are a factory sales and warranty center for minn kota and motor guide trolling motors and accessories. 
we install…
marine repair center has developed a reputation for clean installations, which are done right the first time. it’s this reputation that has kept our family in business 1976 and will keep us going into the future. 
special applications
special applications, minor fabrication, and more. allow us the opportunity to correct those annoying on the water problems. regardless of the boat make or model “see us first”! 
keeping your boat safe & dry
your boat will be stored inside our drive thru bay while all work is being performed. 
we install what we sell!
however if you have purchased your marine electronic or trolling motor elsewhere we will still install it. 
family owned & operated

30+ years of experience.  a business you can trust. please call us to schedule an appointment. (417) 833-9191
 
visit our e bay store 
 visit us on facebook 
 contacts & location 

 call brad or scott    
 for appointment 
(417) 833-9191 

 mailing address    
 marine repair center 
1434 n national avespringfield, mo 65802 

 business    
 hours 
mon – fri | 8am – 5pmsat – sun | closed 

 we accept    
 credit cards 

 google map 
 driving directions 
 
testimonials 
what they say about marine repair center 
 the guys at mrc know their stuff. they also know how to treat their customers. i was out there all day long thursday, friday, and saturday. my troll motor that was recently repaired by them also performed flawlessly.   the best in the business period.   this company is top notch.   you folks did a great job installing my garman system last week. i would recommend you to anyone. thanks.   ebay item was shipped fast!  
 
back to top© marine repair center 2025 ♠ web by bobfishing electronics sales & service center
 

