






events | event management online platform | website for events | discover, promote and host events



























                            discover amazing events from over 100,000 using smart artificial intelligence technology to get you to the best experience around.

discover events










                            sell tickets online and get the word out to as many people with the only no platform processing fees ever!

sell tickets & promote








                            host and manage events with ease.  let our technology remove the complexity and painful tasks of managing any event with advanced and complete features.
                            
manage events











your one stop for memorable events and connections









discover, learn, promote and host your perfect event










manage events and grow your connections
only solution designed for non-profit and business events exclusively!




                        whether you are organizing a fundraising event, conference, auction gala, golf outing, a workshop, a seminar, or any other type of event, our platform can help you streamline the registration process and make it easy for attendees to sign up.
                        here are just a few of the features that our platform offers:

                        when it comes to fund raising platforms and online conference platforms, look no further than events.org.


easy-to-use registration forms
secure oneclick payment processing
full crm to manage your contacts and constituents
online, silent and mobile auctions with ibid™
advanced fund-raising platform
online conference and learning management
customizable event pages
seating assignments
real-time reporting and analytics
integration with other tools and platforms

                        
                        we understand that organizing events can be challenging, but with our platform, we can help make the event registration online process easy and efficient. contact us today to learn more about how we can help you with your upcoming events!
start managing events  
                        see all features











sell tickets
simple event ticketing for just $1. why pay more?




                        looking for a simple online ticketing for events platform, without all the hassles, bells and whistles that you never use, and have to over pay for it?
                        well you found it.  events.org includes:



simple and easy-to-use registration forms
simple and secure payment processing
simple and customizable event pages
simple and complete export of your registrations
simple event invites

                        easy to get stated!
start managing events  
                        savings calculator











events101™
create an event
sign in





discover events


















today
tomorrow
this weekend
this month
next 3 months





tags:








                events.org is an open public calendar of events.  anyone can submit, promote and host their events on the platform.we have included robust event management tools and contact management (crm) technology to make it easier hosting amazing events.most of the features are free.  click on chat button for more information!
            







                services:
                • your trusted online event management platform
                • online fundraising platform
                • easy-to-use online event tickets selling platform
                • how to submit your event to events.org to maximize visibility
                • how to use events.org's ticketing and registration features
                • customize your event page on events.org with event branding and imagery
                • how to use events.org to find local and niche events
                • best event management software for nonprofits
                • free online ticketing system for events
                • top benefits of promoting your event on events.org






© 2025 - events™   privacy policy   events near you 










































