

































    
    pest control services | somerville, ma | rod’s best pest control
  
  












              best 
pest control services

     




63 elm st. somerville, ma 02144
  

pay your bill online


 call now!(617) 625-4850



       home



  about us


   blog





  rodents



  insects



  other creepy-crawlies


   roaches



  bed bugs



  ant control





  inspection process



  gallery



  contact us











    
 





        if you see it crawl, give us a call

  

schedule now!




    six legs, one killer solution




    
      








  somerville, ma’s pest control experts

best pest control services has been bringing
somerville, ma, and the surrounding areas the ultimate in pest control services since 1985. whether it's got four, six, or eight legs, we can take care of it for you. we follow the highest safety and cleanliness standards to ensure that your home and business stays intact throughout the extermination process, and we are fully insured for your safety and convenience.best pest control services helps families and businesses in the area control many common household pests, including:﻿ miceratsroachesantsbed bugsstinging insectssilverfish/centipedesspidersand more!
contact us today to learn more about our full list of services. we'd love to learn more about how we can put those pests to rest!
  

pay your bill online




        


i found a roach this morning and naturally i flipped. luckily i was able to get it into a tupperware and walked right into best pest control services 20 mins later. the guy immediately assured me it wasn't the kind that infested homes (huge sigh of relief) and evidently it was a "wood roach." he gave me some great advice with what to do with my furniture that it probably came in with and i was on my way 10 mins later.i would have had no clue whether they would have had to do a visit to my home or not, which i'm sure would have costed big $$, i'm so grateful they were so honest and upfront about what it actually was! thanks best pest control!- lindsey l.

   


these are great folks- honest, kind and good people. years ago, i needed a part time job and rod hired me to do some odd jobs at the business and even around his home. this family business was run professionally with an excellent sense of humor and compassion. i am grateful that people and businesses like this exist.- carla k.



     


best pest is best for rat control. matt is terrific & thorough.highly recommend!- nancie d.

   


great company. they dealt with a rodent problem for me. when they realized that the tenants were not keeping their apartment clean, they gave the tenant "tips" on how to prevent the rodents from coming back (clean your d@#^ kitchen!). very happy with these folks.- will p.

   


so grateful for their help. my brother is convinced he has bed bugs, and even though they don't service his area, i was able to send sean a pic of the bug which turns out to be some sort of beetle. sean also gave me the name of a local place that would be able to help my brother in future if needed!- kalixie m.






   call
(617) 625-4850 now to learn more about our full list of pest control services.







         browse our website
    home



  about us



  rodents



  insects



  other creepy-crawlies



  inspection process



  gallery



  contact us






 contact information
address:63 elm st. somerville, ma 02144
phone:(617) 625-4850
email:bestpestco@aol.com
    





 hours of operation
   mon - fri
 8:30 am 
- 4:30 pm


 sat - sun
closed



  













   content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy




















































































































  
  share by:












