


 
wisconsin's fair and balanced spirit pathways










spirit pathways is inactive
i'm sorry. this website has not been updated since early 2004. here's 
    an explanation. 
the events calendar has been deleted due to spam abuse.

i'm leaving everything as it is. many of the people listed below are still 
    around. 





other 
        web calendars
regional email lists


merchants
the 
        earth is our mother
        highway adoption project
groups


links 
out of state resources
deeply rooted

a wisconsin community in progress
email 
        me


guestbook
writings
about me
reference


new! search 
        this website!





helping people in the wisconsin community find each 
    other since 1995. read the disclaimer.
if you're curious about the "fair and balanced" 
    thing, it's a response to fox news lawsuit against al franken's publisher 
    over al's new book.
groups, congregations, celebrations, covens, gatherings, 
    workshops, rituals, drummings, ceremonies, and activities in general, throughout 
    the state of wisconsin. 
if you'd like to link to this website, there is only one rule: go right 
    ahead.

 looking for powwows? click here.



 




 
 






 this site was intended for the madison, wisconsin community, but has grown 
  to include information from many other areas. the statistics, as of february, 
  2001, indicate this site gets approximately 65 unique visitors a day. if you 
  know of anything that should be here but isn't, by all means let 
  me know!

witnessing: although i have received very little in the way of
christians attempting to save my soul by bringing me back to the
ways of the church, many of my internet aquaintances and several
"real world" friends have had run-ins with well-intentioned but
rather rude and poorly informed individuals. to this end, i offer
the excellent essay,
how
to share the gospel with pagans
by gwydion. it makes good reading for pagans and christians alike.

speaking of reading, have you ever had to explain that you weren't a
satanist to anybody? then, if you have the time to download a cartoon, you might like this...
list of contents
we have two new additions to announce, as of friday, april 02, 1999:
the spiritbase calendar and the writings sections.

spiritbase, 
the interactive, searchable events calendar for wisconsin and surrounding 
    states. you search it, you enter events, you benefit. 
    i watch and try to fix the little bugs. 
 
writings:
devoted to articles, papers, and rants by members of the local spirit community.
 
groups 
and organizations in madison and other areas of wisconsin. this is the page 
    that started it all. spirit pathways used to be just this page. now it's a 
    monster that just won't stop.
    indexed by town or area.
 
reference 
and access to people, information snd places. these are bulletin boards, 
    books, and local web sites that hopefully will help if you can't find what 
    you're looking for. things like "miracle, 
    janesville's white buffalo" end up in here since they don't fit into the 
    organizations category.
 
wisconsin merchants
people in wisconsin who sell things you might be interested in. if there's 
    someone you know who should be there, let me know by filling out the form. 
    you'll find the link at the top of the page.
 
the obligatory guestbook.
use this to comment on the site one way or the other, or if you want to 
    quickly put up an announcement. give me permission to use the data in the 
    main pages, and i'll put it up as soon as time permits.
 
links. 
this is a local-content site, in case you haven't noticed yet. however, 
    a few general sites have seen fit to link to pathways, and others are excellent 
    resources for general pagan and alternative spiritual information. there aren't 
    very many (i'm assuming you know how to hunt for them), but my favorites are 
    here, and there are a few links to resource sites in the midwest area. we 
    might, someday, form into a loose organization of sorts. 

while you're checking out the place, clicking on this image here will bring
you back to this page.

i've already seen this logo popping up on a few sites, and i'm flattered
and pleased. however, the above image was created for a light background,
and for some strange reason a lot of pagan sites tend to have dark
backgrounds which makes that one look as jaggy as the one below does on
this  page... it looks a lot better against black. you're free to
use either one, as long as it's linked to this page.



what do i look like?
now that you've made it this far, i suppose you'd like to know a little more 
  about me. normally my first reaction to a photo of myself is to leap at it and 
  tear it up. this particular picture, however is one that 
  does not provoke that reaction, and indeed gives you an idea of how much work 
  it is to come up with all these page design ideas, and to keep a relationship, 
  school, and what remains of a social life up in the air all at once.

 this wisconsin pagan webring 
  site owned by dan. 
  [ previous 
  5 sites | skip 
  previous | previous 
  | next 
  | skip 
  next | next 
  5 sites | random 
  site | list 
  sites] 






this webcircle site is owned by:
another born again pagan 
click for 
back 2
 | 
previous
 | 
random
 | 
next
 | 
 skip
 | 
next5

or learn more about the webcircle


these are good people:










 
spirit pathways is hosted by  
  and i am very happy here.:-)


