




 












web page design and development guide - tutorials, codes, tags












































 











home
html codes
html color codes
javascript codes
ascii codes
 



rss
twitter
facebook
email
linkedin
google +

 










html

html tutorial
how to code in html
html tips
html codes
html color codes
ascii codes
html tags
html 5 tags


css

cascading style sheets
css tutorial


javascript

javascript tutorial
javascript codes


web design tips
web design articles

accept credit card payments
business website strategy
design a home business website
learn web design
web design strategy
web design guidelines
essential website components
webmaster tools and resources
search engine optimization
web page optimization
website sales copy












website design and development
if you would like to learn how to make a website, this website will assist you in learning some basic options.
publishing a website on the internet can be as complicated or easy as you’d like. the choice is really yours. the cost will also be your choice. you can get your site online very inexpensively or you can choose to spend a lot money. however, most people prefer to go the inexpensive route.
below, you will find three basic options to assist you in creating a website.


 










how to make a website
congratulations on taking the first step towards learning web page design and development and publishing your own website on the internet. having your own website will enable you to share your message with the world. if you’d like to learn html and css, we’ve got some step by step tutorials to assist you. if you’d rather not learn to create a website from scratch, we’ve got some great resources to assist you. or, if you’re looking for some special effect codes, we have a wealth of free code snippets you can copy and paste into your page.
whether you’d like to create a personal website, a site for an organization or business, we’re here to assist you.
within this site, you will find a wealth of free website design and development tutorials, including html, css, and javascript. there are also hundreds of copy and paste codes and snippets ready for you to place within your pages, example codes to enable you to see what codes are used for specific designs, an html tags list, color codes chart, ascii chart, css properties and much more.
if you like our site, please bookmark it right now so you can return again and again in the future. we would also really appreciate it if you would ‘like’ us on facebook and share our site with your friends.
let’s get started…
when designing your own website, you have basically three options. you can take a web design course, use a web page template, or use a web design software program. in the following sections, we will go over all three options to assist you in making the best decision for your needs.
website design: basic options for making a website


website design course
a website design course will assist you in learning how to write html code, which is the language used to create a web page. you can take the course online or download it to your computer. learning how to write html code will enable you to create web pages and/or edit templates. this option takes the most time.
 learn more… 



web page templates
web page templates are pre-designed web pages that you edit with your own information. they provide you with a quick and easy way to get your website on the internet very quickly, without having to go through the hassle of designing a website yourself. this provides a faster way to get your site online.
 learn more… 



web design software
web design software will enable you to design your own website without having to learn any html coding. it may be a software program you install on your computer, or it may be a software program that resides on a web server and is accessed through a web browser. this is a fast and simple web design option.
 learn more… 

 
website development tutorials and codes

html / hypertext markup language
html basicsa quick start overview of html coding.
html tutoriallearn basic html, including text, formatting, hyperlinks, fonts, colors, images, tables, lists, forms and much more.
html tagsa list of html tags.
html 5 tagsa list of the latest html tags to be developed.
web design codes
html codesan html codes chart you can use to copy and paste codes into your web page.
html color codesan html color codes chart you can use to copy and paste color codes into your web page.
html tipscopy and paste special effect html codes for your web page.
web design tipstips, tricks, and special effect codes for your web page.
ascii codesspecial text characters and code for your web page.


css / cascading style sheets
css tutorialan introduction to css or cascading style sheets.
css properties indexa css codes chart with codes ready to copy and paste into your style sheet.
website design and development
web page templatesa guide to using a web page template to create a website.
web design softwarea guide to using a web design software to create a website.
web hostinga guide to selecting a web host for your website.
web design articlesa variety of web design articles to assist you in designing your website.


javascript
javascript codescopy and paste special effect javascript codes for your web page.
javascript tutorialan introduction to javascript.
javascript object referencea reference chart containing objects with descriptions.
javascript events referencea reference chart containing events with descriptions.
javascript functions referencea reference chart containing functions with descriptions.
javascript math object referencea reference chart containing math objects with descriptions.
javascript array object referencea reference chart containing array objects with descriptions.
javascript string object referencea reference chart containing string objects with descriptions.
javascript date object referencea reference chart containing date objects with descriptions.

 
partner sites: create a free website | web site templates







website design and development 

web developmentweb design articles
web design course
web page templates
web design software
web hostingweb design tutorialshtml basics
html tutorial
css tutorial
javascript tutorial 

web design codeshtml codes
ascii  codes
javascript codeshtml tagshtml tags
html 5 tags
 

text codesascii  codesdesign tipshtml tips & snippets
web design tips & snippets216 web safe colorshtml color codes 











about
privacy policy
terms of use
contact us






















