

























uc davis, department of plant sciences








      skip to main content
    






menu


department of plant sciences






























open search




search












    quick links
    +




department resources (intranet)


room scheduling and equipment


key request form


request aggieaccess credentials


academic dates and deadlines


campus map


emergency services









main navigation (extended config)



          about





about us


plant sciences executive committee


diversity, equity, and inclusion


barbara d. webster: in memorium


barbara d. webster: scholar award





          people





faculty


emeriti


other academic


postdoc


staff


student


in memoriam





research




          academics






          undergraduate programs





announcements


frequently asked questions


handouts and resources


internships


majors/degree requirements


make an appointment


meet our alumni


meet our scholars


meet the advising team


undergrad research fellowship





          graduate






          future students





why uc davis


available programs


apply to uc davis





          current students





plant sciences graduate student travel award


plant sciences teaching assistantship (ta) application (temporary link)


teaching assistant (ta) opportunities


office of graduate studies





          research assistantship information





research assistantships information


guidelines for departmental gsr annual progress report and final report





          graduate financial support





financial aid - internal fellowships


financial aid - external fellowships









outreach




news




events




contact




          give





why give?



          endowments





mcdonald endowment


myers endowment


more ways to support students





























what we do in plant sciences
mark lundy develops tools for farmers for effective nitrogen fertilizer management, working at the interface of research and the ag community.





barbara blanco-ulate studies how fruit and vegetables ripen to improve their quality, nutrition and shelf-life after harvest. 





amelie gaudin develops sustainable and resilient agroecosystems that have biodiversity and ecosystem services as a basis for improvement. 





brad hanson works with farmers to control weeds and pests in perennial crops, improving both farm profits and the environment.





bruce linquist works with the farmers of california to ensure long-term sustainability of rice by looking at nutrient use, water efficiency and reducing pollution. 





giulia marino empowers farmers to keep their orchards producing despite changes in climate, water and soil. 





grey monroe seeks the causes and consequences of mutation bias in plant genetics and applies these findings to improve crops’ ability to thrive amid climate stress. 





cameron pittelkow focuses on increasing crop productivity while reducing agriculture’s environmental footprint. 





li tian uses biochemistry, physiology and genetics to increase the nutrition of wheat and pomegranates. 









faculty directory







 



undergraduate programs
discover our majors, how to apply, internships, jobs and more.






 



graduate programs
explore our graduate programs, research assistantships awards, and fellowships.






 



outreach
we partner with growers, ranchers and communities to better provide research-based solutions.





            latest news
    






 




california producers: climate change is real. we could use a little help.


by  trina kleist

february 04, 2025




range management
agriculture


how can farmers and ranchers continue to grow our food while facing challenges of a changing climate, increasingly scarce water, land use pressures and rising costs? more than a decade of research is revealing important ways universities, government agencies and other support organizations can help our food producers develop resilience to these challenges and remain profitable.





 




climate, wildfire, wolves topics of feb. 18 rangeland discussions in davis


by  pam kan-rice

january 30, 2025




range management
climate change


ranchers, land managers, conservationists, policymakers and scientists will gather to discuss the evolving challenges and opportunities in managing the state’s rangelands at the 2025 rustici rangeland science symposium on feb. 18 at uc davis. 





 




van kessel cycles for cancer-free kids


by  trina kleist

january 29, 2025




department news


tijn van kessel had leukemia at the age of 10 and survived, but nearly two in 10 children don’t. his uncle chris -- founding chair of the uc davis department of plant sciences -- was deeply impacted by that horrifying statistic. now, chris van kessel is cycling to support childhood cancer research, and he's inviting your support.





pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2




              page
            3




              page
            4




              page
            5




              page
            6




              page
            7




              page
            8




              page
            9

…


next page
next










 

we're #1


powerhouse for plant sciences
we continue to  improve our understanding of plants and translate this new knowledge into real world solutions.






 

student awards


spotlight on our dei scholars
we want to support you as you bring new perspectives to our department and plant sciences.






 

research


research excellence
a leader in the research, teaching and delivery of all aspects of plant science, from lab to field, forest, rangeland and beyond.





















welcome to the department of plant sciences

welcome to the department of plant sciences at uc davis. we routinely rank first in the world for plant and animal sciences and you will find a dynamic department committed to delivering science that translates basic knowledge to address some of the pressing global challenges currently facing society.





 









academic employment opportunities









department intranet






            upcoming events
    




 




rustici rangeland science symposium

feb 18, 2025

arc ballroom




 




wednesday seminar: alex marand on maize 

feb 19, 2025

pes 3001




 




wednesday seminar: sarah sahlaney on women in agriculture 

feb 26, 2025

pes 3001



more events








give a gift









endowments


























department of plant sciences: general inquiries - 530-752-0516



privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: february 7, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.











