









jewelry crossings - korean pop music & bts, got7, shinee merchandise































skip to content









jewelry crossings
korean pop music & bts, got7, shinee merchandise





menu

















why should you listen to korean pop music

 january 3, 2019january 3, 2019  jewelrycrossings  uncategorized 



korean pop music is gaining more popularity around the world. this may have you questioning why you should listen to it. although there are dozens of reasons why you should list to korean pop music(https://kpopmerchandise.org), or kpop for short, we’ll discuss the tops ones, which include the following:
the variety
there are hundreds of artists and each and every single one is unique in their own way. after you find a few artists to listen to, you’ll likely have a favorite one or a few favorites. when it comes to the number of kpop artists, there is no shortage of choices to listen to.
the same goes for the actual songs. just like with most genes, different artists produce different songs. this is great news for those who love listening to all kinds of songs within a specific genre.
the energy & beats
most kpop songs bring a good amount of energy. sure, there are songs that aren’t that energetic, but most songs do have a certain energy to them. the tunes you come across will get you in the mood to dance, will uplift your mood and will have you wanting to listen to more.
what kind of beats are you into? it doesn’t matter because there’s a good chance you’ll find something to please you. when it comes to korean pop music, there is something for everyone. all you have to do is start finding artists to listen to and before you know it, you’ll be leaning towards certain artists and their beats.
language & culture
it doesn’t matter what language you speak, you will love listening to the artists sing in korean. you’ll find it interesting, and you might actually learn a little about the language and how to say certain words. if you want to learn words in korean, then listen to kpop.
on that note, you’ll learn a lot about the culture. kpop music is widely popular and you’ll learn why after you become hooked on it. as time goes by, you’ll likely know much more about korean culture than what you may currently know about it.
when it comes to korean pop music, there is a huge variety of artists and tunes you can check out. not only that, but you’ll love the energy and the beats that the music is known for. you’ll even learn a bit about korean culture and might learn a few words in korean.






why you should listen to korean pop music

 january 3, 2019january 3, 2019  jewelrycrossings  uncategorized 


if you are a serious music buff, it is a good idea to expand your horizons from time to time. instead of limiting your scope to genres you are familiar with, you should widen your scope to include things that are new to you. korean pop music is quickly gaining popularity across the globe. here are all of the reasons you should add some of it to your playlist.
one of the main reasons to listen to this type of music is simple: it is far different from listening to american pop. after listening to most pop songs for quite some time, things began to be a bit formulaic. expanding your horizons and introducing korean music to your repertoire will offer you a sense of variety; something that is often lost when listening to all of the traditional pop music that is available in the united states.
koreans make a huge deal when they are selecting concepts for each album they release. it is not as simple as having fun, being in love or something mundane. typically, two albums are released each year and they go all out to make sure that each of them is quite different and pushes the edge a bit. for instance, their first album of the year may have an alien theme and the second will have a jungle vibe. it is always fun to see what they will come up with each time.
the genre encompasses a myriad of different styles, so it is easy for everyone to find something that they like. perhaps you are someone who likes pop that borders hip-hop, or maybe pop-rock is more your speed. regardless of what your preferences are, they have music that will suit you.
many of their songs are beyond catchy. even if you have no idea what they are saying, the way the lyrics flow and the sound of the music is more than enough to make the average person stand up and take notice. while not technically a k-pop song, did you see how popular gangnam style was when it was released?
instead of taking my word for it, you should think about listening to some korean pop music for yourself. even if you are not someone who will end up being a serious fan, at the very minimum you will have expanded your horizons and opened yourself up to something new and exciting.






your guide to korean pop music

 january 3, 2019january 3, 2019  jewelrycrossings  uncategorized 


korean pop music is exactly what it sounds like, pop music that comes from korea. there are many reasons why you should listen to this genre of music. a few of those reasons will be discussed below, as well as the names of popular artists, songs and info on finding korean pop music.
why listen to korean pop music
kpop songs tend to be upbeat, energetic and it’s hard not to be in a good mood after and during listening to it. do you want to listen to quirky and upbeat songs? if so, then there’s no shortage of them within the kpop genre.
the music is very different from western music. this isn’t a bad thing at all. as soon as you listen to your first kpop song or two, you’ll realize just how different it is. the chances are you’ll love kpop music upon hearing your very first song.
the concepts for albums are impressive. this also means that videos tend to be highly creative and entertaining. go watch any kpop music video and you’ll see what we mean.
popular artists & songs
there are many popular artists, and some of them have been around for many years. some of the most popular korean pop music artists include exo, bts and girls’ generation, which is an all-girl group. super junior, who has been around for over 10 years, is another popular group. let’s not forget about 2ne1, twice and got7.
popular songs include monster, cheer up and i am the best. others include love scenario and growl. these are only a handful of the many good songs in the genre.
where to find korean pop music
finding korean pop music is just like finding any other kind of music. you can go to your local music store to find it or you can use the internet, more specifically youtube or sites dedicated to korean pop music. all you have to do is search for “korean pop music bands” and you’ll be shown dozens and dozens and dozens of results. you can then decide which artists to listen to.
as you can see, there are many reasons to listen to korean pop music. with so many different artists out there, and with it being so easy to find korean pop music, there’s no better time to start listening to it than now. go ahead and start searching for artists and start listening to the music today.









search for:












proudly powered by wordpress  | 
							theme: blogi by cantothemes.											










